{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11725908", "title": "Bendre infused foreign values into Kannada literature: Critic", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted critic H S Raghavendra Rao on Tuesday said that Indian literary tradition has successfully faced the challenges posed by foreign influences as it had retained its identity without rejecting any external influence.Speaking at the function held to present Ambikatanayadatta Award instituted by the Dr Da Ra Bendre National Memorial Trust at Bendre Bhavan in Sadhanakeri here on Tuesday Rao said that Jnanpith awardee Bendre had a global vision.\"He tried to create inclusive literature. Bendre synchronized the values of foreign literature with that of Kannada. His writings were not self centric but world centric and he had concerns for all living beings on earth\". Former chairman of Karnataka Sahitya Akademi Gurulinga Kapse gave away the Ambikatanayadatta (pen name of Bendre) Award to researcher B B Rajpurohit and K S Narayanacharya.The award comprises of Rs 1 lakh cash prize and a citation.Receiving the award, both the awardees said it was a matter of privilege to get the award in the name of Bendre who was a visionary. Earlier, chairman of the trust Shyamsundar Bidarkundi welcomed the gathering. Assistant director of the department of Kannada and culture B D Hiregoudar read out the citation. Bendre's son Vaman Bendre, poet Channaveera Kanavi, S M Vrushabhendra Swamy and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724786", "title": "Kangana Ranaut becomes chef!", "text": "With packed schedules for over a year, after having seen the release of six movies in the past one year - and with back to back shoots; Kangana Ranaut finally has a reason to stay at home.With parents and sister at home, Kangana these days is making sure that she stays at home each Sunday. What is more interesting is that she even indulges in some cooking for her family and pampers them.\"I have now started staying at home on Sundays. We all cook and eat, watch some good movies and spend some real quality time with each other. I have realised that I not only enjoy this Sunday routine, but it is also a de-stress mantra for me. For me, Sunday is all about cooking and chilling with family now\" says the diva.Happy cooking gal!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721052", "title": "An evening of frolic, food and delight", "text": "KOLKATA: It was an evening of fun and frolic for the children and residents of Uttara complex on Broad Street thoroughly enjoyed themselves at the Times Evening. After all it was Times Evening presented by The Times of India, an event that has become a household name in the city. The evening saw a packed gathering where residents - old, young and the very young alike - enjoyed some fun and entertaining moments. There was something for everyone.Saturday evening had a variety of events on offer. While the young ones painted their imagination, the residents prepared delectable dishes and also tried their luck at Tambola. A fun contest was organized for couples; they all had a fun-filled evening that proved to be a great hit.The event kicked off with a sit-and-draw competition for children. Shresth Kapai clinched the first prize. All the participants were awarded a special prize. Each of the pictures were so good they could all be framed.This was followed by The Master Chef cooking competition, where exclusive dishes were prepared by the residents of the housing complex. With delicacies on offer, it was this great cooking competition where the master chefs fought out for the top honour. In this event, the first prize was won by Manju Bhattacharya walked away with the first prize for her fabulous 'chicken vindaloo'. The event was judged by Pradip Rozario - ownerchef of KK's Fusionjudged the event.Next in line was the \"Made for Each Other\" contest for couples. It was conducted by designer Sarbari Dutta and Pradip Rozario. It was great fun to see the couples as they tried out the 'compatibility test', which showed how much they knew each other. There was also scope to test what they could do for each other. While some sang for their spouse, some recited poetry, and some even proposed love. Ashish Bakshi and wife Krishna were declared the winners. Couples were asked to perform for their soulmates and express their love for each other. The event turned out to be a fun filled one. In this contest, were declared winners.Times Tambola was the most boisterous of the events which saw almost everyone participating. Chandna Debnath got the prize for getting full house first.It was an evening to remember with everyone having a great time.The evening came to an end with a musical performance. and everyone enjoyed the popular Hindi and Bengali numbers.The event was organized by The Times of India presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra Holidays, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance. The gala prizes were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt. Ltd, Sun-Kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Optical, Chowman and Tangerine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "seattle", "code": "11725363", "title": "Sheryl Sandberg is Facebook's higest-paid exec", "text": "SEATTLE: Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg received $30.9 million in total compensation in 2011, making her the best-paid senior executive at the world's largest social network.Sandberg's compensation includes base salary, bonus and $30.5 million in stock awards, Menlo Park , California-based Facebook said today in the filing for its initial public offering.While Sandberg's compensation was the highest, her 0.1 per cent stake is dwarfed by the 28.4 per cent owned by Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg , which may vault him into the top 10 on Forbes list of the world's wealthiest people. The CEO received $1.49 million in compensation for 2011, including a base salary of $483,333. That will drop to $1 in 2013.\"It has always been fairly typically in the tech model of executive compensation to lever heavily on the future success of the company by granting compensation based on future stock awards,\" rather than large salaries, said Frank Glassner, chief executive officer of Veritas Executive Compensation Consultants in San Francisco .\"In the case of Facebook they certainly stand to gain a tremendous amount of value.\" Facebook, founded in 2004 in a Harvard University dorm, filed today to raise $5 billion in what would be the largest internet IPO on record. The company has discussed seeking a valuation of as high as $100 billion, two people with knowledge of the matter said last week.Private jet At the high end of that range, Zuckerberg's stake would be worth $28.4 billion, ahead of all but eight people in Forbes annual list last year.Zuckerberg's compensation for last year included $692,679 in costs associated with use of a private jet. He also received $90,850 in estate and financial planning last year.The move to a $1 salary is a \"symbolic gesture,\" and matches the salaries paid to such executives as Apple Inc co- founder Steve Jobs , Glassner said. The practice was popularized by Lee Iacocca, who requested that salary when he took over Chrysler Corp. and saved it from bankruptcy, Glassner said. The low salary often belies the fact that the executive makes huge profits on stock.Sandberg received $381,966 in salary and bonus last year. Chief Financial Officer David Ebersman received $18.7 million in compensation last year, mostly consisting of $18.3 million in stock awards.Security detail Facebook, which had 845 million users at the end of last year, didn't specify the price or number of shares it will sell in the filing. The $5 billion is a placeholder used to calculate fees and may change.Zuckerberg receives special security protection paid for by Facebook, according to the filing. This includes a security system at his house in Palo Alto , California, and the annual cost of security personnel.\"We require these security measures for the company's benefit because of the importance of Mr. Zuckerberg to Facebook, and we believe that the costs of this comprehensive security program are appropriate and necessary,\" according to the filing.Facebook also will pay for Zuckerberg to use a private plane for business and personal uses, according to the filing. Sandberg also is authorized to use a private plane for business purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724425", "title": "Prisoners take Varanasi senior jail superintendent hostage, indulge in violence", "text": "VARANASI: The Central Jail here on Wednesday turned into a battleground as prisoners took senior jail superintendent (SJS) Captain S K Pandey hostage over a trivial issue and indulged in heavy brick-batting in which three officials were seriously injured. Jail guards fired in the air to bring the situation under control but in vain.The situation was brought under control after district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar, accompanied by a heavy posse of police force, entered the jail premises and pacified the inmates who were upset over the daily meeting venue in the jail. The prisoners later released Captain Pandey unharmed while the DM, in a conciliatory move, gave the charge of the Central Jail to the District Jail superintendent.Administration sources told TOI that tension was simmering in the jail after a team of the principal auditor raised objections over non-use of the Rs 16 lakh meeting hall that had an iron grille partition to ensure that the visitors and prisoners were separated during meeting hours. However, the hall was never used and the prisoners continued to meet visitors in the open.Talking to TOI, Captain Pandey said that following audit team's objection, he ordered a proper ventilation system in the hall to bring it in use. As the work started, inmates suspecting that they would be compelled to meet visitors in the hall and raised objection. A few jail officials reportedly added fuel to the simmering anger.On Wednesday afternoon, Captain Pandey and Dr Suresh Singh entered the circle one of the jail and called the prisoners for a talk over the issue. However, a group of prisoners indulged in brick-batting resulting in serious head injuries to the doctor, jail guard Kamlesh Srivastava and prison guard Ashfaq Ahmed. A free for all ensued when some prisoners intervened ad tried to save the officials. As the agitating group took Captain Pandey hostage, jail guards fired in the air to disperse the crowd. Soon prisoners from other circles too joined the melee and started raising slogans against the jail authorities.After receiving the information, the DM, DIG, SP (City) M S Chauhan and SP (Rural) Harish Kumar rushed to the jail with heavy police force. But by the time they reached the scene, the prisoners had stopped the brick-batting. They were pacified by the DM after a meeting was held in the premises.The DM told TOI that the jail inmates were angered over the strict attitude of Captain Pandey. \"In order to avoid recurrence of such incidents, the District Jail superintendent has been given additional charge of the Central Jail and the matter has been reported to the state government,\" the DM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724301", "title": "Rs 116 crore cleared for Majuli protection", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Planning Commission, while clearing an investment of Rs 115.99-cr for the last two phases for protection of Majuli island and its 22 satras from flood and erosion, has directed the ministry of water resources and the Brahmaputra Board to carry out the required protection and maintenance work before and after every monsoon.A government spokesman said the project is scheduled to be completed by the financial year 2011-12. \"Maintenance work should be carried out by the ministry of water resources, the Brahmaputra Board and the concerned department before and after each monsoon season and even during execution of works,\" the spokesman said.In case of major variation in cost due to changes in the problem area on account of morphological changes in the river, a modified proposal and revised estimate would be prepared as per the prescribed procedure. \"The project aims at protecting 22 satras besides public and private properties. Reconstruction of roads and bridges usually destroyed during floods also falls under the project, which is mainly aimed at economic development and social uplift,\" the spokesman added.The central water commission had given the techno-economical clearance for protection of the river island, which is the seat of the Vaishnavite religion, following a request from the state government in August, 2003. The project was designed to be executed in three phases, initially for Rs 86.56 crore.The protection works under phase-I were completed in April, 2011 at an expenditure of Rs 53.34 crore. This apart, the Brahmaputra Board also took up additional works of an emergent nature prior to the monsoon of 2008 at a cost of Rs 4.97 crore.The cost escalated in later years and based on the findings of model studies for a long-term measure, the detailed project reports for the last two phases were techno-economically cleared for Rs 115.07 crore, which was further revised to Rs 115.99 crore in January, 2011.The works under phase-I included raising and strengthening of the embankment system for a length of 90.08 km, closing of breaches, anti-erosion measures in the form of RCC porcupine screens, spur and dampeners in the affected areas and construction and repair of the nose portion of two land spurs at Sonowarkachari and Kandulimari.According to the detailed project report, phases II and III focus on permanent protection works like construction of boulder spurs in addition to other measures.The river island, which is desperately seeking recognition as a cultural heritage site from Unesco , is home to tribals, who comprise about 70 per cent of the population. The island is facing threats like inundation due to floods and erosion of the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720068", "title": "Housing schemes to get a push", "text": "JAIPUR: The provisions for 90A has delighted the investors in the state as a huge capital was blocked after the ban on land conversion under Section 90B.Many development project including housing schemes which were lingering due to uncertainty of 90B will also get a gentle push after the approval of provisions of 90A in the cabinet meeting here on Wednesday.Rajasthan builders association president Gopal Das Gupta, said: \"A capital of nearly Rs 10,000 crore of the investors was blocked in absence of land conversion in the state. The approval will bring development and prosperity in the state.\"The ban on land conversion has not only affected the private investors but has also hampered the revenue earning for state government. \"Around 3,000 crore revenue which can be earned by regularization of land was not possible after the ban,\" said an official.As real estate and construction market was slow for the past nine months, the approval is also expected to generate employment in the state. \"On an investment of 1 crore, seven people get employment in the construction line. Also, around 250 industries are associated with construction market creating a huge employment,\" said GuptaIn the near future, the residents can also expect many new housing schemes. A JDA official said the process of around 50 developers who applied for land conversion for developing a housing scheme was standstill after the ban.The realtors also believe after the approval, the residents will have more options and reasonable plots in many better locations can be in reach of common man. \"After the ban, developers who have regularized their colonies were demanding higher prices of plots. With the launch of more housing schemes in the same area, prices will come down and buyers will be benefited.\" said Naresh Sharma, a property dealer.The land conversion has also affected some of the government ambitious projects. An official said Model - 2 of the affordable housing scheme were to be developed on the private land of the developer. In phase 2 of Model- 2, there are 10 schemes out of which 6 schemes are were waiting for the land use change. After the approval the work can progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11721605", "title": "3 booked for facilitating sex determination tests", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A team of police officers and health officials caught three employees of a private hospital for facilitating a couple in getting sex determination tests done at diagnostic centres. A nurse is said to have been involved in negotiating the deal.According to information, the team headed by deputy chief medical officer (CMO) Neeraj Bassi acted on a tip-off and sent a decoy couple to the three accused. The couple carried signed currency notes with them.The three hospital employees and the decoy couple met the nurse, Ranjana, who worked at Magoo Hospital. Deputy CMO Bassi said, \"The couple gave Rs 5,000 to Nadeem who was present near Maggo Hospital. Nadeem further handed over Rs 3,500 to Suresh and the two gave Rs 1,000 to nurse Ranjana. The three accompanied the couple to Shivalik Ultrasound Centre. Owner of the diagnostic centre Dr M L Sharma expressed ignorance about the matter but his possible involvement is being probed.\"When contacted, sub-inspector Devender Rana, confirmed the custody of the accused and said, \"Nadeem, Suresh and Kuldeep have been booked, and we are verifying the role of Ranjana.\"Following the incident, the health department sealed the newly purchased ultrasound machines at Mittal Hospital in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11725758", "title": "Vijayakanth suspended from assembly for 10 days for rude behaviour", "text": "CHENNAI: Leader of the opposition in the Tamil Nadu assembly and DMDK chief Vijayakanth was on Thursday suspended from attending the assembly session for 10 days.The assembly privileges committee took the decision, which was later announced by the Speaker D Jayakumar in the House.Vijayakanth's suspension came in the wake of his alleged rude behaviour during an argument in the House on Wednesday. Jayakumar told the assembly that during his suspension period he will not be entitled for any benefits meant for an opposition leader.The Speaker said the other DMDK members, who also behaved in a manner that went against the ethos of the house, were however, being lett off with a warning that they should conduct themselves in a dignified manner in the future.Soon after the announcement, finance minister O Pannerselvam moved the resolution suspending Vijayakanth. DMDK members shouted slogans against the AIADMK government protesting against the suspension of their leader.When Jayakumar denied permission to deputy leader of the Opposition Panruti S Ramachandran to seek certain clarifications on the recommendation of the privileges committee, the DMDK members staged a walk out.Interestingly, members of DMK and Left parties too staged a walk out condemning the decision. DMK leader M K Stalin told reporters outside the assembly that the privileges committee's decision was one sided. While the present session will conclude on February 4, Vijayakanth cannot attend seven days of the next session.Vijayakanth was the second legislator to be suspended from the assembly during the current session after former Union minister T R Baalu's son and DMK member T R B Raaja. Raaja also faced similar action when he allegedly took video of the assembly proceedings from his mobile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725342", "title": "Collective failure of Govt: Subramanian Swamy after SC verdict in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI, Cancellation of 2G licenses by the Supreme Court clearly brought out the big scam and it was a \"collective failure\" of the Government which \"overlooked\" warnings given by the CAG and the CVC on the issue, Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy said today.\"Everyone had warned including the CAG and the CVC but the government overlooked it,\" Swamy said soon after the Supreme Court cancelled the 122 spectrum licences and left it to the trial court to decide on whether to probe P Chidambaram.Swamy said \"it is a collective failure\" of the government that 2G licences were issued in an \"illegal and corrupt\" manner and nobody felt that the Cabinet should be called and the licenses scrapped.On prosecution of Chidambaram, he said, \"I am very happy that the court has said since the matter is in the trial court and the matter has been reserved, the trial court perfectly competent to decide on the matter whether the Home Minister should be proceeded against or not.\"\"It is being made clear that the trial court is fully seized of the matter. Now the CBI could not add anything by way of an investigation.\"It is the best posssible judgement that could be possible for the three judges. The country can be justifiably proud of Supreme Court,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11726772", "title": "Consume more pay less", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the government and environmentalists are appealing to save electricity, MP Paschim Kshetra Vidyut Vitran Compnay (MPPKVVC) apparently has another take on it - consume more and pay less, pay more for consuming less.An analysis of the electricity bills to consumers carried out by local NGO Vikas Drishti Mistra 2050 revealed that MPPKVVC charged a consumer between Rs 4.02 per unit and Rs 8.20 per unit depending upon consumption.\"The analysis has revealed that the company is encouraging consumption of electricity by charging more from those who consume less while per unit charge is comparatively less for those who consume more,\" claimed Kishore Kodwani of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050.The organisation during its analysis came across a startling fact that one who consumes 182 units per month pays his or her bill at the rate of Rs 8.20 per unit while a consumer who consumes 1448 units per month pays at the rate of Rs 4.02 per units.Kodwani explained that this has happened because the company charged under two heads --- per unit charge of Rs 3.40 and Rs 780 as fixed charges.\"As a result, small consumers end up paying more. It seems that the company is promoting excessive use of electricity and benefits rich and affluent and industries,\" observed Kodwani.To do away with this, the NGO demanded that everyone should be charged uniformly for the per unit consumption by doing away with the fixed charges and there should be only one step for charging per unit consumption.He further suggested that per unit rate can be fixed by considering the cost of electricity, loss, expenditure, grant, subsidy etc. \"If the company charges under only one head then it will save a lot of money and encourage less consumption of electricity,\" noted Kodwani.Chief engineer of MPPKVVC, R D Agrawal, said that they could not do away with the fixed charges as many times people did not use electricity after taking connection, but company had to take care of the maintenance and operational costs.\"Fixed charges is for the maintenance and operational costs, which is important,\" Agrawal said and also added that it was like post-paid mobile connection in which a subscriber paid certain amount as rental charges and after that paid as per the uses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11725106", "title": "Vizhinjam port a step closer to becoming a reality", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government, on Wednesday, entrusted its empowered committee headed by the chief secretary to scrutinize the financial bid submitted by Welspun-led consortium, the sole bidder for the Vizhinjam International Container Transshipment Terminal port operator contract.\"The cabinet has decided to entrust the task to the empowered committee. The consortium will now have to get its clearance for the contract. The committee will scrutinize the consortium's financial capability,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy here after the cabinet meeting. In case the committee is not satisfied, the state will have to once again float a global tender.The chief minister said there was finally only one bidder for the project as the Centre had denied security clearance to Adani Ports (formerly Mundra Ports), the other bidder.Welspun Group is a Mumbai-based consortium comprising Welspun Infratech, Welspun Corporation and Australia-based Leighton Engineering Holdings. This consortium bagged Central security clearance last December.The projected expenditure for the first phase of the Vizhinjam project is now Rs 4,010 crore. Of this, the state's share would be Rs 3,040 crore. The private port operator will have to chip in Rs 970 crore.(OPTIONAL)Initially, though the state had decided to develop the port with the help of the Shipping Corporation of India, its hope for Central aid was dashed when the Shipping Ministry turned down its request. The ministry was only willing to invest if it was allowed a 51% stake in the project.The state has so far floated three global tenders for the project. In 2005, a Chinese consortium evinced interest in the project, but the Centre denied it clearance. This was followed by a tender in 2008. The project was then awarded to Lanco Infratech Ltd, but it pulled out after Zoom Developers, other bidder, approached the court.In 2010, the ruling LDF decided to take the port infrastructure under government wings. Hence a global tender was floated to hand over only port operation to the private sector. Twelve companies were shortlisted for the contract, but only two made it to the final list after scrutiny by the empowered committee. Of the two, Mundra Ports was denied Central clearance, and Welspun now remain in the fray", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722235", "title": "Acid attack: Authorities have woken up too late: Victim", "text": "Aarti Thakur, who was attacked with acid at Goregaon station on Tuesday, had approached the police after she was attacked the first time, but the cops dismissed it as an attempt at chain snatching. On hearing that, Aarti's landlady Manju Shaikh, who had accompanied the girl to the police station, convinced her not to file a case.On Wednesday, the Borivli Government Railway Police (GRP) arrested Manju's son, Pintoo Shaikh, for the third attack on Aarti, the one at Goregaon station. Pintoo, 24, works as an extra on film sets. Seema, a divorcee with two daughters, said the first attack on Aarti shook the Thakurs so much that they decided to not live in Malwani any more. \"After staying in Malwani for three years, we moved out due to fear. A year ago, Aarti had got engaged to Nadeem Shaikh, a sand contractor who lives in Nalasopara. So we moved closer to Nadeem's place. The two intend to marry soon,\" she said.But moving didn't end the ordeal for Aarti, a receptionist with an IT firm in Goregaon (W). The family shifted to the Nalasopara home just two weeks ago. Barely three days later, she was attacked with a barber's razor from behind. \"She suffered cuts to her neck and ear. I took her to a chowky to lodge a complaint, but the policeman said they didn't file cases there, that we had to go to a police station,\" Seema said, adding that since the injuries were comparatively minor, they decided not to lodge a case.After that, Seema made it a ritual to drop and pick up Aarti from her office everyday. \"On Tuesday, I was feeling unwell so I told her to come home on her own,\" Seema said. Aarti was talking to her fiance on the phone near the Goregaon station booking office when a man flung acid at her.Seema said, \"I can't break down in front of Aarti, but I'm scared of returning to my Nalasopara house now.\" She said she may never have the confidence to leave her daughters alone at home and go to work. The second daughter is 16 years old. Seema worked at a private firm, but quit two months ago.In all three attacks, Aarti did not get a look at the attacker's face. Aarti said, \"Had the police acted to help me after the first attack last year, Tuesday's incident could have been averted.\" She said the authorities have woken up too late to her plight. Besides the physical pain, the marks on her face left her distressed after the first attack.Pintoo has reportedly told the railway police that when Aarti was his tenant, she used to taunt him over his inability to earn well, which led to frequent fights in his household. He also objected to his sister, Ruby, having a close friendship with Aarti. The police are not ruling out any other angles, including unrequited love, or that other people may be involved.GRP officials said Aarti suspected Pintoo's involvement in Tuesday evening's acid attack as she had seen him hanging around her office a day earlier. The GRP contacted the Malwani police and in a joint operation they picked up Pintoo at around 5am on Wednesday . \"Pintoo wasn't around when the police landed at his house. We asked his mother to phone and summon him home,\" an official said.A metropolitan court has remanded Pintoo to police custody till February 7. Pintoo has not admitted to any crime and no acid bottle or container have been recovered. GRP officials said CCTV cameras covered the area at Goregaon station , but the footage is unclear and not of help. The police have not drawn any conclusions on the perpetrators of the first two attacks.Seema said Pintoo's family was aware of their new address at Nalasopara . \"Manju, who has a fruits business, even visited our new home a couple of times in an auto, spending considerably for the trip. I wondered about her intentions and why she was being unusually friendly,\" Seema said. \"Despite Pintoo objecting to Ruby's friendship with Aarti, the two still spent time together and shopping.\"Aarti's father, Kishore , is an auto driver and lives separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721129", "title": "2 bikers killed by speeding dumper", "text": "GURGAON: Two youths were killed in a road accident early on Wednesday when their bike was hit by a speeding dumper near Badshahpur village. The victims, both in early 20s, have been identified as Sunil and Parveen of Badshahpur.The accident occurred around 4am when the bikers were coming towards Rajeev Chowk from their village. According to police, they reached the spot within minutes of the accident and rushed the victims to a nearby private hospital.However, they could not be saved. A complaint of rash and negligent driving was registered against Mukesh, driver of the dumper. He will be produced before a city court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722581", "title": "Registration for Tancet begins, test in March, April", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 1,000 candidates on Wednesday signed up for the Tamil Nadu Common Entrance Test (Tancet) on the first day of registration. Candidates aspiring to pursue MBA, MCA, ME, MTech, MArch and MPlan courses in institutions across the state are required to take the test.Many candidates also downloaded the registration forms online. \"Last year 90,000 candidates took the test. We expect the number to be around 95,000 to 1 lakh this year,\" said Tancet secretary G Nagarajan.The expected number is much higher than the 70,000 entries for the Common Management Admission Test conducted by the All India Council for Technical Education for admission to management courses in institutions across the country.Tancet, usually conducted towards May-end , will be conducted in March this year. \"We received representations from students saying if it is conducted in May, it will clash with other competitive exams. So, we decided to conduct it in March,\" Nagarajan said. While MBA and MCA aspirants can take the test on March 31, students who want to pursue ME, MTech, MArch or MPlan will have to take the test on April 4.The test will be conducted in Chennai, Coimbatore, Chidambaram , Dindigul, Erode, Karaikudi , Madurai, Nagercoil, Salem, Thanjavur, Tirunelveli, Trichy, Vellore, Villupuram and Virudhunagar. Registration forms can be downloaded online. Spot registrations are open till February 23.In Chennai, February 25 is the last date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "11719322", "title": "Regency announces lockout", "text": "YANAM: Regency Ceramics Limited has declared lockout in its plant here following the massive destruction to factory in the mayhem on January 27 when hundreds of workers went on rampage. The company on Wednesday pasted the lockout notice on the factory gates, putting in jeopardy the future of 6,000-odd workers depending on the plant directly or indirectly.Meanwhile, police arrested five persons in connection with the labour unrest in the factory that led to a large scale violence and alleged murder of company president KC Chandrasekhar on the fateful day. The magistrate remanded them in 14 days judicial remand. They were sent to the Yanam sub-jail.According to sources, the company had three options -- revive the plant slowly, relocate it or sell it off - to overcome the crisis. But company general manager (HR) RK Vajjalu said the management had decided that lockout was the best option in the given circumstances as it would take not less than 6-8 months to revive the factory, which was vandalized and burnt down by angry workers on Friday after the death of workers union leader Murali Mohan.With Regency declaring lockout, several workers and their families face an uncertain future. \"Violence was the handiwork of outsiders. Why are they closing it. We are at the crossroads now,\" a worker rued.Meanwhile, five accused, including one from I Polavaram in East Godavari district, were arrested for their role in the alleged murder of Chandrasekhar. The arrested were Ch Veera Venkata Subbaiah, K Lakshmana Rao, Tirukoti Gopi, R Suryanarayana and Dukkupati Satyanarayana. Police said more arrests would be made in connection with the arson and murder of Sekhar. Tension is again building up in the town over the arrest of workers.Company owner GN Naidu has said the loss suffered by his company due to the violence is Rs 150 crore. Some of the educational institutes run by Regency Ceramics reopened on Wednesday. Some donors came forward to offer payment of salaries to the teaching faculty as the company management was not in a position to run the institutions, sources said.Putta Krishna Malya, a class II student of Regency public school, came forward to help the school staff by donating Rs 1,570 she had saved. She handed over the money to school principal TVVN Prasada Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11725284", "title": "MCC disconnects 60 public taps on Day 1", "text": "MANGALORE: Public taps will be passe in Mangalore city soon. Alarmed by the growing misuse of this facility for personal use such as washing of vehicles, tapping into the main line and using it for watering plantations, the water supply department of Mangalore City Corporation on Wednesday started a drive to disconnect 1,485 public taps across the city.These taps will be disconnected in a phased manner to reduce inconvenience to genuine users of the facility.MCC made a start by disconnecting 60 such public taps on the first day in the central business district areas of the city.K S Linge Gowda, assistant executive engineer (water supply department) told TOI here that misuse of these public taps was causing problem to users residing in elevated areas, who had to put up with inconsistent water supply and drop in pressure in the water running through the main lines connecting their respective units.Acknowledging that this move would cause inconvenience to some genuine beneficiaries of the public tap system, especially households dependent on it for their daily use, Linge Gowda said the department will expedite the process of issuing individual metered water supply to such households in a one day.\"Such beneficiaries can avail the connection either under the general category or under Jala Bhagya scheme meant for the urban poor,\" he explained.The applications submitted by beneficiaries for new connection will be processed in one day, he said, adding that based on the challan the new consumer could obtain individual household connection from the main line with the help of a professional plumber. This, he said, would ensure that more number of consumers joined the list of people paying and using the water and bring about greater sense of awareness on judicious use of precious water resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725028", "title": "Imran organises exhibit of Kareena's candid pics", "text": "A photo exhibition of reigning Bollywood queen Kareena Kapoor has been organized by co-star Imran Khan , who clicked random pictures of her while the shoot of their upcoming release 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu'.Imran is set to hold the exhibit tomorrow at Art Gallery at Cinemax, Versova. The young actor has always maintained he is a huge fan of Kareena and captured some candid moments on his lens while working together. \"She (Kareena) is the most beautiful actress I have worked with.I found her beautiful right from her first film 'Refugee',\" he said. Imran had even admitted that he had a huge crush on Kareena in his boyhood days. \"I could not articulate my feelings to her...I nursed a silent crush. When we started working together in this film we got along really well. I observed her closely while we were shooting and even took her pictures without her knowing it,\" Imran had said. Since the promos of the Karan Johar production hit the screns, there has been a lot of buzz about the unusual pair of Imran and Kareena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720654", "title": "This Gandhi takes up fight against computer hackers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This Gandhi talks business and hopes to make money as a computer hacker, albeit an ethical one. Meet Mohan Gandhi , a student of the flagship programme at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A), who has decided to shun lucrative job offers and stay out of campus placements. Gandhi wants to apply his skills to protecting sensitive corporate data as well as the data of government departments and PSUs from hackers.\"Either someone is hacking your website, or you don't know that it is being hacked,\" said Gandhi, talking about the rampant hacking into websites and various kinds of data country-wide.Clear about his objective, Gandhi began laying the groundwork for his venture almost a year back. While he will be graduating in March, he has already pulled together a team of five ethical hackers to set up his software and networks services firm called 'Entersoft,' which will be based in Hyderabad. His team will hack into clients' websites and data to find loopholes and patch them to protect them from hackers.\"We already have a corporate as a client. However, we intend to cater to a large number of government offices and PSUs. There was a time when hackers came from China. Of late, a large number of them are turning out to be from Pakistan. We are aware of several instances where they have hacked the government websites and data, including the Indian Railways,\" said Gandhi.Gandhi convinced his family to back his passion. He turned down a pre-placement offer (PPO) from a multinational banking company and even decided not to take part in the campus placement. However, having not been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, these decisions were not easy to take for Gandhi.Challenges are abundant for the 24-year-old student whose father is a farmer and mother a housewife. \"Being the elder of two brothers, the responsibility of supporting my family is also on the back of my mind. Taking the decision to become an entrepreneur was certainly not delightful news for my family. However, seeing my passion they did not discourage me either,\" said Gandhi. \"I was mentally prepared to become an entrepreneur by the first half of my second year at IIM-A.\"Mohan said that his firm's plan is to think and perform like the hackers. \"The only way to stop hacking is to think and act like hackers. And that's what my company will do,\" said Gandhi. \"Hackers are very passionate about their work. They forget food and sleep and work 24 hours until they accomplish their mission. However, cyber security experts employed in companies do not work that rigorously and fail to protect the data.\"Mohan's team of hackers will constantly hack into their information and keep patching the loopholes. The company will also be conducting a series of demonstrations and awareness programmes on the need to protect information from hackers. The company will start functioning in full scale in March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723435", "title": "AU brings in board of discipline for better management", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of the Allahabad University have constituted Board of Discipline (BOD), which is mentioned in AU's Ordinance. Comprising large number of faculty members of AU and the constituent colleges, the board would have various sub-committees under it and will have jurisdiction over the entire University system.Commenting of the constitution of BOD, the public relation officer (PRO) of AU, Prof P K Sahoo said, \"AU has constituted the board that would come handy in maintaining the discipline in the campus\".The constitution of BOD is in accordance to Ordinance XXIV, which mentions that the said board will have vice-chancellor as its chairperson along with the pro-vice-chancellor or. The board will also comprise a professor of the University nominated by the V-C, one member of the executive council, deans of faculties, directors of University Institutes, heads of independent centres, dean of students welfare, dean of College Development Council, chairperson of the delegacy, chairperson of the Women's Advisory Board (WAB), International students advisor and directors of Constituent Institutes.The board also has principals of three constituent colleges by rotation for a period of one year (principals are taken in the board as what.. I mean what designation). It also has principals of two constituent colleges exclusively for women by rotation for a period of one year. The proctor is the secretary of the board that also has a discipline coordination committee for the constituent colleges.The BOD and the discipline coordination committee shall ordinarily be convened by the secretary twice in an academic year, on the instructions of the chairperson. Secretary should maintain the proceedings and conduct the correspondence thereof. All students of the University system have to faithfully observe the code of conduct, and should be liable to disciplinary action by the officers, functionaries, authorities or bodies, empowered in this regard by the Statutes, the Ordinances, the regulations or the rules made thereunder, for any violation or disregard thereof.Likewise, all the students of AU, or for that matter, the constituent colleges have to adhere to the code of conduct. And in case of any violation or disregard of the code of conduct, it will be deemed to be an offence against the institution. Acts on the part of students, individually or collectively, should amount to indiscipline and misconduct including physical assault, threat to use physical force, intimidatory behaviour, causing disruption or disturbance in any manner in the teaching and other academic work, the working of libraries, laboratories etc use of loudspeakers in the premises without permission, unruly and disorderly behavior, any disobedience, any act or statement, or distribution or display of any document or literature, including the circulars, pamphlets, posters, press releases, etc., which adversely affects the public image of any institution, possession, display, use, or threat of use, of any weapon etc can land student into trouble.In the same, the proper code also prohibits ragging, in any form including involvement of physical assault or threat of use of physical force against the victims, violate the status, dignity and honour of students etc and a complaint of ragging may be filed by any victim. If found guilty of ragging, the student should be awarded penalty in accordance with laid down procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721609", "title": "New rakes for Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Exp soon", "text": "PATNA: In a major policy decision, the railways has decided to introduce Linke Holfmann Bush (LHB) coaches in all mail and express trains phase-wise in the country. The LHB coaches are based on the German technology ensuring foolproof safety and riding comforts to the passengers. At present, LHB coaches are being used in Rajdhani Express, Shatabdi Express and Duronto trains.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has already decided to replace old coaches of Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express by LHB coaches. These new coaches have reached Patna and they are ready for the run in the Sampoorna Kranti Express, he said and added the railways plans to manufacture 3,500 coaches of which 500 will be LHB coaches in the current fiscal.While it costs about Rs 1.5 crore to manufacture a conventional coach, the cost of each LHB coach is about Rs 2.5 crore. The LHB coaches are anti-telescopic and are equipped with fire retardant and advanced couplers to join coaches, he said.\"As LHB coaches are anti-telescopic, they cannot turn turtle in the event of any derailment or collision. Besides, in case of fire, there is no toxic fume and black smoke inside the coaches as these coaches are fire retardant,\" the official said and added there were instances when passengers were found safe in the wake of fire and derailment of Rajdhani Express at different places in the country.The railways has decided to opt for LHB coaches in future for all mail and express trains due to the fact that the derailed LHB coaches get stuck to the ground after derailment instead of capsizing or rolling over on tracks as happens in the case of conventional coaches, sources said.In the case of Sampoorna Kranti Express, the railways has taken a decision to replace old coaches by LHB coaches keeping in mind the fact that this train has no commercial halt between Patna and New Delhi except operational halts at a few stations for the change of crew members.Thus, LHB coaches would not only prove to be a boon for passengers travelling by this train, but would provide riding comfort as well.Besides, the LHB pantry car service is much superior compared to general pantry car services attached to mail and express trains, sources said.Since the railways is keen to introduce high-speed mail and express trains gradually across the country, it would be essential to replace all old coaches with the LHB coaches in future to ensure foolproof safety on tracks and passengers during journey, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720283", "title": "Panel for income-linked cap on marriage spend", "text": "NEW DELHI: How much you can splurge on the buffet, trousseau and finery at a family wedding may depend on how much you earn. A high-powered government panel has recommended income-linked cap on marriage expenditure, including gifts and food served.The recommendation by the Planning Commission's Working Group on Women's Agency and Empowerment is part of the effort to tighten the provisions of Dowry Prohibition Act, 28 years after its enactment.\"A limit should also be put on marriage expenditure in terms of food,\" said the group headed by the secretary, ministry of women and child development. This group is the nodal agency for the legislation being designed to replace the existing anti-dowry law. The panel, however, has held that the ceilings should be graded by income. \"Introduction of ceilings, in terms of percentages of income on both gifts and marriage expenditure, needs to be considered.\"The panel wants wants to improve implementation of the anti-dowry law by appointing sufficient number of dedicated, full time dowry prohibition officers to enforce the Dowry Prohibition Act. It has also recommended a relook at the existing definition of what constitutes \"dowry\", and penalties for violation.\"The amendments to the Dowry Prohibition Act need to be considered to bring clarity in the law's interpretation as well as to prevent non-application of the various provisions of the Act,\" the group said, arguing that 28 years after the law relating to dowry was extensively amended, the incidence of dowry death continues to grow which necessitate a clear interpretation of dowry legislation.The advocacy for ceiling on marriage expenses is somewhat reminiscent of the Guest Control Order of the 1970s which sought to lay down the number of guests in important family events. The measure was dropped because it was found to be impractical. While the previous attempt to curb expenditure fitted well with the social ethos of the time when austerity was supposed to be a virtue, the new effort comes at a time when ostentation doesn't attract similar criticizm; indeed, at times it is celebrated.The government group argued that 28 years after the law relating to dowry was extensively amended, the incidence of dowry death continues to grow which necessitate a clear interpretation of dowry legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724802", "title": "149 left in fray after 11 withdraw nominations", "text": "VARANASI: With the withdrawal of nomination by 11 candidates, the total number of candidates in fray for assembly elections in eight constituencies of the district is 149. The dream of Janata Dal (United) to show its presence by fielding its candidates from all seats was shattered when two of its candidates withdraw their nomination papers.The nomination process had started on January 21 and continued till January 28. By the end of the nomination process, a total of 167 candidates had filed nomination in eight assembly constituencies. During the process of scrutiny, the nominations of seven candidates were rejected on technical and other grounds on January 30. After that the process of withdrawal took place on January 31 and also on Wednesday.In this period, four candidates from Shivpur assembly area including Bhaiyya Lala of Janata Dal (United), Buddhu, Subhas Chandra and Dukkhi (all independent), Dasharath Prasad from Ajgara (SC) assembly seat, Rofeda Bibi from City South, Chhotelal from Pindra, Anand Singh and Sujit Singh Tika from City Norh, Radheyshyam and Anil Kumar Pandey from Rohania assembly constituency turned up to withdraw their nominations.Now, 28 candidates are left in the fray for City North assembly area, 22 at Rohania, 24 for Cantonment, 12 for City South, 12 for Shivpur, 21 for Ajgara (SC), 14 for Pindra and 16 candidates for Sevapuri assembly constituency. With the end of this process the returning officers allotted symbols among the candidates and published the final list of candidates.The JDU, which had decided to contest the election from all assembly seats against its alliance partner at center and also in Bihar the BJP, received a setback when two of its candidates decided to withdraw their nominations. DU candidates from Ajgara (SC) seat Ramesh Sonekar and Bhaiyya Lal from Shivpur withdrew their nomination papers. They alleged that before the beginning of the nomination process, JDU president Sharad Yadav had asked Anand Singh to contest the assembly election from City North constituency on party ticket. But when the nomination process started, they alleged, the party president asked Ratan Devi Yadav to contest the election on party ticket in City North. They said as it was unfair especially in a party which was trying to develop its base in UP, hence they decided to protest by withdrawing their nominations.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721968", "title": "Shrapnel prevents Delhi blast victim's return home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Canada-based software consultant Nitin Mandlaus survived the Delhi high court blast of September 7, 2011 despite 822 pieces of shrapnel piercing his body. After four long operations, the 37-year-old still walks about with 600-odd metal pieces inside his body. Apart from the pain these are causing him, the tiny objects are also preventing his return home to his wife and son in Toronto.It's a shocking tale. Mandlaus can't catch a flight to Canada without a certificate from doctors explaining the presence of metal in his body, including his skull. But doctors at RML Hospital, where Mandlaus was treated, say they do not have the legal powers to issue such a document.\"It is snowing heavily in Toronto and my wife desperately needs me. I must be with her. Yet here I am, with over 600 shrapnel in my body. The doctors at RML have extracted about 200, but say removing any more can risk my life,\" says the MBA from Delhi who went to Canada three years ago.Even doctors and NGOs say that the problem of Nitin Mandlaus is unique. \"Nitin cannot go to Canada since he will be arrested for possessing metallic objects with him. This has been made clear to him by the high commission officials. They told him only a certificate from a senior medical practitioner stating the exact chain of events and his medical condition can earn him an entry into Toronto,\" said Ashok Randhawa, president of the South Asian Forum of People in Terror.Randhawa claimed representations to both Delhi government and the union health ministry had not got them any favourable response. When contacted, RML authorities said they \"needed time to study the case before making any comment\". A doctor, who did not wish to be named, said such a certificate could put a medical practitioner's credibility to question.\"Nitin has several shrapnel still lodged in his skull, neck, right leg and arms. Prima facie, we believe he can lead a normal life, but he still feels pain and cramps. But a certificate cannot be issued because if there are complications later on we could be taken to task for allowing such a patient to travel,\" said the doctor.The shrapnel in his body isn't the only thing on Mandlaus' mind.\"Much as I worry about my child who has been missing his classes since September, I have to also take care of my father. Yet, RML hospital has declared him absconding from the hospital, due to which he is yet to get the promised Rs 3 lakh as compensation,\" he claimed.Randhawa said at least 11 other such \"absconding\" cases are pending before the SDM of CP, K P Suhag. He said he had twice written to RML to state the medical condition of these victims so the compensation can be released , but RML did not comply. RML authorities did not comment when contacted over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11722454", "title": "Anti-nuclear activists intensify protests", "text": "MADURAI: The already stumbling efforts by the Centre to get the activists give up their protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project has hit a roadblock as the attack on the anti-nuclear activists by Hindu Munnani workers at Tirunelveli has fuelled further protests.Even as members of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) chalked out a series of fresh protests, various human rights organisations have condemned the attack and expressed solidarity with the protesters.At Tuticorin, the activists along with a human rights organization, organised a protest on Wednesday in which a number of villagers participated. \"On Thursday we will kick start a boat rally along the coast of Ramanathapuram district that will continue till February 7. About 10 boats will start at one end of Ramanathapuram district and culminate at the other end travelling along the coast. The boats would halt at coastal villages where signature campaigns would be held,\" said M Pushparayan, convener of coastal people's federation.Meanwhile, at Koottapuli coastal village in Tirunelveli district a rally would be taken out on February 4. The rally would end at Viswanathapuram village where a black flag demonstration would be held to counter the public meeting organised by the state unit of Congress party at Tirunelveli on the day. \"The same day, a large number of villagers would tonsure their heads as a sign of protest. We have also planned to send telegrams to the President of India,\" Pushparayan said.The National Council of Churches in India, the apex body of 30 Protestant and Orthodox Churches, has expressed deep anguish on the attack on women at Tirunelveli and has called for a judicial probe into the incident. \"The NCCI strongly condemns such violent expressions, especially against women. These assaults appear to be 'pre-planned.' The NCCI calls for a judicial probe, headed by a woman judge, into the attack,\" said a statement from Rev Dr Roger Gaikwad, general secretary of NCCI.NCCI also demanded the Tamil Nadu government table a 'White Paper' on the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant' and its strategy to solve the problem in this Assembly session itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719790", "title": "A \u2018fair\u2019 sports meet for life beyond \u2018hijab\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Quli Qutub Shah Stadium was buzzing with activity on Wednesday as around 1,000 girls from nearly 60 schools gathered for the first day of the Muslim Girls Association (MGA) annual sports meet. The first day of the two-day event included athletics, badminton , table tennis, tennis, chess, throwball and other team events. The sports meet, which is now a tool for encouraging and empowering these young girls, saw a significant rise in the number of participating schools this year.Fatima Aaliya of the association said, \"The last time we held this sports meet, it was in the year 2009. We had to take a two year break due to the Telangana agitation. We have around 60 schools participating this time, as against 40 schools that participated last time. We are expecting more schools to come forward on the second day as the programme includes march past, drill and other presentations and displays by students. Mothers and female relatives of the students have also been invited.\"She further added, \"We have been conducting this event for a decade. The main purpose is to encourage young Muslim girls to participate in sports and engage in physical activity. We want them to be convinced that their hijab or their scarves are in no way a deterrent to their ability to participate in such events.\" The girls seemed to have got the point as many of the students whose uniforms included the hijab, were seen participating in tough sports like kabaddi and kho kho.The sports meet has also enabled many girls to consider taking sports seriously and playing at higher level competitions. Nazima Begum, physical instructor, Princess Esin Girls High School said, \"We encourage our students to give their 100% to the game. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720159", "title": "Pushed to prostitution, teen stuck on with 'rapist' Raj Kumar for stability", "text": "New Delhi: The arrest of three people in the AIIMS baby case has revealed a harrowing tale of the teenaged girl, who brought the child to the hospital. Investigators now believe that they have a plausible reason to believe that the teenager bit the girl in a moment of desperation with food running out and she not being able to figure a way out of the situation.\"Her abusive father wouldn't feed her, while Pooja and Sandeep forced her into prostitution. But in Raj Kumar, a married man, she found stability, and he provided her two square meals a day. Even though aware that Raj Kumar was sexually abusing her, she chose to stick around with him as she didn't want to embrace hardships again. But when Raj Kumar, worried over his son's hospitalization, left for Mumbai in the beginning of January, she was at her wit's end. She became violent, to the extent that she even bit the child,\" claimed a senior police officer. He added she is being counselled by several NGOs.The cops said the girl left home in May last year after being abandoned by her father. In search of a shelter, she got acquainted with a woman at a gurdwara in Delhi. She introduced her to Pooja, who was involved in flesh trade, cops said.Pooja sent her to Etah in Uttar Pradesh and forced her to marry an old man. When the girl refused, she was allegedly raped by Sandeep, Pooja's husband. Later, Pooja and Sandeep brought her back to Delhi and kept her at their house in Tughlaqabad where Sandeep repeatedly raped her and forced her into prostitution.Around September, she was handed over to another woman in Munirka, a flesh trader. It was here that she met taxi driver Rajkumar alias Dilshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721517", "title": "Two held for lineman's death in Assolna", "text": "MARGAO: The Cuncolim police on Wednesday booked an offence against junior engineer Paulito John Viegas and lineman Surya Velip attached to the Assolna substation of the electricity department in connection with the death of lineman Rajendra Naik on Tuesday.They have been charged under Section 304-A (causing death by negligence) and Section 336 (act that endangers life or personal safety of others) of the IPC. Naik was electrocuted after he came into contact with a high tension line while working atop an electricity pole at Assolna on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726134", "title": "Drew Barrymore 'in love' with fiance's family", "text": "Drew Barrymore is in love with her fiance Will Kopelman's entire family.The 36-year-old beauty - who recently announced her engagement - is besotted with the art consultant's close-knit unit as much as she is with him, which she counts as an \"absolute blessing\".Speaking on the 'Ellen DeGeneres Show', she said: \"He has this incredible family. I am as in love with his family as I am with him, which is an extraordinary sort of gift. You never take that for granted ... It really is an absolute blessing. I feel very lucky. They're incredible people.\"The couple - who met at a party - are still \"figuring out\" their marriage plans following Will's festive proposal, but Drew is sure she's found the right man for her.The brunette actress - who was married to bar owner Jeremy Thomas for a month in 1994 and comic Tom Green for five months from July 2001 - added: \"I just feel really lucky and really happy and really calm. Which is a really wonderful feeling.\"Even though the couple are yet to make any major plans for their nuptials, the pair have found time to adopt a puppy called Ollie from a Los Angeles rescue centre.Drew explained: \"He looks like a bear. I can't even handle it. He was a rescue dog. He was found in a box with his brothers and sisters outside of East Valley Shelter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721382", "title": "Women's cricket team felicitated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City women's cricket association felicitated the women's team which had won the National U-19 Women's Cricket Tournament held in November 2011 at Chandigarh.The association honored the team by distributing track suits to each player of the team. Vice President of the association Ms.Sunita Gupta gave away a cash prize of Rs. 1,000 to each player. President Satinder Dhillon congratulated the team and their coach for their efforts.The association had organized the tournament in November 2011 in which eight states had participated. Earlier also Chandigarh Women Cricket Association has organized many national and international matches successfully in Chandigarh.This association works towards encouraging young sports women to achieve their goals and making them more empowered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721106", "title": "Vikram likes tweeting of a different kind", "text": "KOLKATA: Celebrated Author Vikram Seth is not keen on joining Twitter. But he acknowledges he cannot avoid it altogether if he is to write his next book.\"I like living as private a life as possible, except after a book launch (when the publisher's promotional demands require him to be in the public sphere). I am actually very lazy. I like to stay in as much as possible. Twitter is almost the opposite, intruding into the private space. I like the kind of tweeting that I got to hear in the Sunderbans,\" Seth said, referring to the chirping of birds that he heard during the weekend trip to the mangrove delta.He, however, admits that he cannot afford to stay isolated from the phenomenon that is nearly a rage among celebrities and the youth world over. \"I want to know how it functions and what goes on in the Twitter community. If I am to write a new book, I must know about it,\" he said on the eve of his Santiniketan trip. But he made it clear that he has no intention of becoming a tweeple yet.And he certainly does not intend to indulge in Twitter sparring like Booker Prize winner Salman Rushdie and popular writer Chetan Bhagat did recently. After the conclusion of the Jaipur Literary Festival, Rushdie tweeted against Bhagat who had spoken out in opposition of Rushdie. and his banned book 'The Satanic Verses'.Addressing the tweet directly to Bhagat, Rushdie said, \"Chetan Bhagat: people like me are liberal extremists &amp; as bad as the fundos. I'm being Bhaggered!! It's like being molested by Dan Brown!\"Responding to Rushdie's barb, Chetan tweeted, \"Someone's feeling neglected as the controversy died down and the country moved on. Hence the personal attacks. Will pass. Peace.\" Later, at the Kolkata Literary Meet, Bhagat said he was actually glad that Rushdie had, through his tweet, told the world that he was as famous as popular fiction writer Dan Brown .Refraining from fuelling the lively exchange between the two writers, Seth said he had healthy respect for both. \"I don't think anyone should be banned. If you don't like a book, set it aside,\" he said., adding that Bhagat was an extremely successful writer of novels in English for an Indian audience.Seth's mother Leila enjoys Bhagat and has read all of them except the latest one. \"I was in hospital when I read '2 States' and enjoyed it thoroughly. The day Bhagat had a session at 9 in the morning at the Jaipur Lit Fest, I thought let me go and have a look at what the best-selling author is about. I was impressed. The hall that is usually sparsely filled in morning sessions was jam packed.I even managed to speak to him,\" she said.On the ban on Rushdie, Leila, who was the first woman Chief Justice of India, felt it was more political than anything. \"If they had wanted to give security (to Rushdie), they could have. It is a political feeling that I will miss out on some vote bank that prevented them from doing so,\" she said.As for tweeting, she just isn't interested. \"I don't even like the cellphone and use it only to call the driver or when I am out of town. I want privacy. With cellphones, one doesn't even get time to think,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719911", "title": "More rooms for JJ Hospital hostel", "text": "MUMBAI: The staff of JJ Hospital will soon get better accommodation. Long before the state-run J J Hospital gets a new state-of-art super-specialty building, the staff of the hospital will get better accommodation.In a resolution passed last week, the government has granted a sum of nearly Rs 480 crore to the hospital. Apart from the new hospital building, however, a big chunk of the grant has been kept aside for the hostel facility not only for the student doctors, but also other employees.\"Initially, we had asked for grants inclusive of hostel facilities along with the hospital building. We realized that there was no point increasing the hospital capacity, without increasing the staff accommodation capacity,\" said Dr T P Lahane, dean of J J group of hospitals.A little more than hundred crores have been kept aside for the hostel additions in the grant.According to the resolution, the boys' and girls' hostels will get 200 extra rooms each. Moreover, 24 rooms are to be added for class 1 workers' accommodation, 48 for Class 2, and 96 for Class 3 workers. A new structure altogether will be built for Class 4 workers, which will have a total of 192 rooms.\"Currently, there is no separate living quarters for the interns and they have to be accommodated with the resident doctors. In every room, we have four and sometimes more students living together currently, which becomes a problem for them. Thus, once we have more rooms, our staff will have better living conditions and thus function better,\" said Lahane.Although the 19-storey structure would take about five more years to be completed, the hostel project will be completed sooner. \"We should have the hostel facilities ready in a year. For the hospital building, the government will now have to invite tenders for planning the project,\" said Lahane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11725317", "title": "Customs Day 2012 celebration today", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Customs Commissionerate which is observing International Customs Day and 50th year of Customs Act, 1962 on Thursday has done well on the revenue front. The commissionerate has collected customs duty of Rs 500 crore and is set to achieve the target fixed.Major revenue is collected from crude oil, fertilizers, coal, timber and LPG. During 2011-12, export consignments worth Rs. 19877 crore have been exported from Mangalore.After Independence, the Sea Customs Act, India Aircrafts Act, Land Customs Act and other allied enactments of the British era were repealed by a consolidating and amending The Customs Act, 1962 which was notified on December 13, 1962 and came into force with effect from February 1, 1963.Therefore, the 50th year of The Customs Act begins on February 2 and culminates on February 1, 2013 as this milestone will be observed.International Customs Day is celebrated on January 26 every year.In consideration of significant role that Customs has been playing in nation building through revenue collection, trade facilitation and safeguarding economic integrity of the nation, the Commissionerate is celebrating the above milestone along with International Customs Day on Thursday. Latha R Kini, president, KCCI and Giselle D Mehta, author will be chief guests on this occasion.This year, the World Customs Organization has decided to dedicate International Customs Day with the theme \"Borders Divide; Customs Connect\". WCO has stated that borders are synonymous with division and main challenge for WCO members is to find best methods to increase connectivity, which refers to people-to-people, institutional, and information linkages that underpin and facilitate the achievement of customs' main goals.To augment its anti-smuggling operation, this Commissionerate has acquired speed boats. At present there are three customs patrol vessel of category 1, two customs interceptor craft of Category II and two customs patrol tender of Category IIIA that are stationed here and at Karwar.They are equipped with advanced technology equipment for purpose of navigation, communication and surveillance and are used for sea patrolling along Karnataka coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "deoria", "code": "11721885", "title": "Sonia Gandhi blows war trumpet in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "DEORIA: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday kickstarted her election campaign for UP polls from Deoria, slamming successive non-Congress governments in the state over the last 22 years for failing the common man.\"These parties have done nothing for the state during their governments . They have, however, filled their own pockets,\" she said, adding that though there had been a lot of change and development in the country and the world, UP has been ruined by these non-Congress governments.In a 10-minute speech at the Government Inter College ground, the UPA chairperson panned Mayawati's government for not using Central funds and held SP, BSP and BJP responsible for 'destroying the state'. \"For development and public welfare we have given more than Rs 1 lakh crore to UP, but what happened to these funds? How many factories were set up, how many canals constructed ? What measures were taken for flood control and other natural calamities?\" she asked alleging that funds meant for Centre's schemes such as the MGNREGS \"went to the corrupt\". \"SP, BJP and BSP have different names but play similar roles and the results of their work are also the same,\" she said.These parties, she said, formed coalition governments with an eye on power alone. Citizens were denied rights, youth were unemployed , farmers did not get fertilizers , women and the poor were not safe, farming land was acquired , and law and order and civic amenities were in a pathetic state. Those who raised their voice against corruption and crime faced threats to their lives. \"Whose interests were fulfilled?\" she asked at her first rally in UP.\"The CM dismissed 21 of her ministers on election eve. She was not able to see their corruption in the past five years,\" Gandhi said. Seeking a change in government, she said, \"We aim to return UP's honour, our dream is progress and development.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720018", "title": "'Terror suspect visited Pak on Nepal passport'", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the July 13, 2011 serial blasts revealed that the fourth arrested person, Haroon Rasheed Naik, who was formally arrested on Wednesday, had gone to Pakistan in 2005 using a Nepalese passport.Naik (33) had met Indian Mujahideen (IM) leader Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh before leaving for Pakistan for procuring training in handling arms and ammunition.Naik is alias Umar Akbar alias Mushtaque Shaikh alias Slahuddin the fourth person to be arrested for facilitating the hawala transactions in connection with the serial blasts case.He was booked for the Opera House bomb blast case and produced before the Mazgaon court where he was remanded in police custody till February 10. Naik, a Mumbra resident, has been in custody since August 2011 in a fake currency note case. He was arrested soon after he landed in Mumbai from Jeddah. He was allegedly carrying fake Indian currency totalling Rs 80,000. Naik had helped the IM operatives to transfer money from UAE to India, said police sources.\"Naik sent Rs 10 lakh through hawala from Jeddah. The money was received by a Delhi-based known hawala operator, Kanwar Nain Pathrija, who handed over the money to Bhatkal,\" a police source said. It is learnt that Pathrija had met Bhatkal at a secluded place to personally hand over Rs 10 lakh, which was later used for the three blasts in Mumbai that killed 27.Sources in the security establishment said Naik had been missing from his house for a few years before he was finally zeroed in and nabbed at the airport. \"We have secured Naik's custody for 10 days. He was responsible for channelizing the money from UAE to India. We sought his custody on the grounds that there could be more persons, the local contacts in India and abroad, who helped him execute this deal,\" public prosecutor Uddhav V Taralgatte said.\"The police need to check and interrogate these persons. The authorities have to verify whether he had circulated fake currency in India. His detention will definitely help the police to solve some puzzles,\" he added. Sources said Naik had received instructions from IM members to send the money. \"He had contacted a hawala operator in Dubai and asked him to send money to Pathrija. It shows that Pathrija was well known for the IM people,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11722447", "title": "Lack of funds to buy diesel plunges Gondia hosp into darkness", "text": "Gondia: Quite contrary to the claims of local Congress MLA Gopaldas Agrawal that he has been striving for best medical facilities and services for local government hospitals, the fact remains that there is so paucity of funds in these hospitals.They do not have money even to repair their equipments or purchase diesel for generator. This was revealed after a hospital remained in darkness on Monday night.Due to indefinite electric load shedding in the town, the area has been experiencing power failure for hours together. On Monday night, the Bai Gangabai Hospital for women was plunged into darkness when the power failed around midnight on Monday for over 12 hours.Those people, in the area, who had complained to MSEDCL, got their power supply restored. However the Gangabai hospital had no one to report the matter, leaving the condition of serious patients in ICU and other wards, in jeopardy.A municipal councillor Kallu Yadaw brought this to the notice of the media on Tuesday. When contacted, the medical superintendent Dr Naseem Khan said, \"The generator was out of order and there are no funds to purchase diesel either.\" The administrator at the hospital had not bothered to complain to the MSEDCL.However, it was reported once the media got involved. The generator was then repaired and diesel purchased at about 4pm after which the electricity was restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7359381", "title": "Story behind 'Mehndi Laga Ke Rakhna'", "text": "One of the most popular tracks 'Mehndi Laga Ke Rakhna' of 'Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge' that features Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and the effervescent actress Kajol was originally thought to be a part of another movie.Not only this, the lyrics of the song were a bit different and it started with 'Payal Chankate Aa Jana'.But Aditya Chopra and Uday Chopra loved the song so much that they made it a part of DDLJ and which became the catchiest song and a must in all the weddings!Follow us on Twitter for more stories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11721784", "title": "Breakthrough: A vaccine to treat breast cancer", "text": "LONDON: In what's being claimed a medical breakthrough , scientists say they have developed a vaccine to treat breast cancer, using a patient's own cells.An international team says that tests on women revealed \"promising\" results, with 85% of the patients with a ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), the most common non-invasive form of the disease , showing protection after four years. In fact, in their tests, the scientists, led by the University of Pennsylvania , enrolled 27 patients and isolated specialized white cells using standard techniques similar to blood donation.The cells were manipulated in the laboratory to allow the immune system to recognize the cancerous cells as foreign and attack them. Each patient received four weekly injections of their personalized vaccine and had surgery two weeks later to remove any remaining disease.The scientists compared pre-vaccination samples with post-vaccination samples and found five patients, almost 20%, had no disease visible, indicating their immune system had wiped out the tumour. Of the remaining 22, damaging proteins had been eliminated in 11 and reduced by 20% or more in another two, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported. \"We are continuing to see this pattern in our second, ongoing trial,\" team leader Dr Brian Czerniecki said.The scientists say the results provide new evidence therapeutic breast cancer vaccines may be most effective for early, localized disease , and when the treatment goes after a protein critical to cancer cell survival.Dr Czerniecki said: \"I think these data more than prove that vaccination works in situations where the target is right. Previous vaccines targeted tissue antigens that were expressed on the cancer cells, but were not necessary for tumour survival . So a vaccine response would cause the tumour to just stop expressing the antigen and the tumour would be fine. Here we are going after HER2/neu, which is critical for survival of early breast cancers. If we knock it out with the immune response, we cripple the tumour cells.\"The findings have been published in the 'Journal of Immunotherapy' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722882", "title": "State has no data on premature births", "text": "CHENNAI: The birth registers maintained by the state health department do not record the number of preterm babies born every year but groups them along with babies with low birth weight.Around 11.5 lakh babies are born in the state every year. Of these almost 30% are below the normal 2.5 kg. Doctors say that while it is important for the government to record the number of babies with low birth weight, this figure is not a pointer to the number of preterm babies.According to neonatologist Dr Deepa Hariharan, premature infants can experience a wide range of medical problems. \"Lungs are one of the last organs to mature. Many preterm babies may struggle to breathe independently and may require medical intervention and support systems to survive,\" she said.Preterm babies are also at risk of bleeding in the brain and are susceptible to infection. As they grow, they might struggle with developmental problems and learning disabilities.Doctors say full-term babies with low birth weight fare better than preterm babies of any weight. Their organs are mature and they often can eat, maintain temperature and fight infection better than premature babies. \"The government meticulously registers every birth with details of gender and weight. It's time they add another column for preterm babies,\" says Dr Priya Chandrasekhar, consultant paediatrician, Kanchi Kamakoti Childs Trust Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11725116", "title": "Corp to seek explanation from temple authorities", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation plans to send a notice to Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple trust for its failure in ensuring decent accommodation for the policemen who were on security duty at the temple. The decision was taken after the corporation officials visited the police camp at the temple on Wednesday.Mayor K Chandrika told ToI that she was appalled to see the deplorable living conditions of policemen on duty at the temple. \"We found that the rooms were totally unfit to live in. Sanitary conditions and ventilation were really poor and over-crowded. The corporation is seriously thinking about sending a notice to the temple trust to make necessary changes,\" she said.On Tuesday sixty police men were ordered to leave the camp after the dingy living conditions had resulted in a fever outbreak.The corporation has already forwarded a letter to Chief Minister Oommen Chandy listing out the poor sanitary conditions in the camp. In the letter, mayor has requested the government to set up livable, hygienic camps for policemen on duty at the temple.S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee said that the temple trust was responsible to provide adequate housing facilities to the policemen.\"The corporation is just an enforcing agency. Ultimately it is the trust that should look into these matters. The corporation has been following essential measures to prevent mosquito breeding on the premises,\" she said.Dr.Sreekumar, health officer; Palayam Rajan, chairman, welfare standing committee and V S Padmakumar, chairman works standing committee accompanied the Mayor.Thiruvananthapuram: The corporation plans to send a notice to Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple trust for its failure in ensuring hygienic accomodation for the policemen who guard the treasure cellars. The decision was taken after the corporation officials visited the police camp at the temple on Wednesday.Mayor K Chandrika told TOI that she was appalled to see the deplorable living conditions of policemen on duty at the temple. '' We found that the rooms are totally unfit for accomodation. Sanitary conditions and ventillation are really poor. The rooms were found to be over-crowded. The corporation is seriously thinking about sending a notice to the temple trust to make proper amends,'' she said.Last day sixty police men were ordered to leave the camp after the dingy living conditions had resulted in a fever outbreak.The corporation has already forwarded a letter to Chief Minister Oommen Chandy listing out the poor sanitary conditions in the camp. In the letter, mayor has requested the government to set up livable,hygienic camps for policemen on duty at the temple.S.Pushpalatha, Chairperson, Health standing committee said that the temple trust is responsible to provide adequate housing facilities for the policemen. '' The corporation is just an enforcing agency. Ultimately it is the trust that should look into these affairs. The corporation has been following essential measures to prevent mosquito breeding on the premises,'' she said.Health officer Dr.Sreekumar, Palayam Rajan, Chairman, welfare standing committee and V.S.Padmakumar,Chairman Works standing committee accompanied the Mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11721606", "title": "This man brings serious technology to theatre", "text": "THRISSUR: \"The task of the theatre is to communicate with the common people and it should present every day happenings in their life\", says Pino Di Buduo, one of the founders of Teatro Potlach, a theatre company in Italy and the director of 'Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea', which will be staged in Thrissur.He was speaking to ToI, on the sidelines of the fourth International Theatre Festival of Kerala (ITFoK) at Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi on Wednesday. He is for using advanced technology in drama. \"Technology has the possibility of communicating with the audience. It is as important as the actor, costume and space. I like to experiment with light and sound\"He has been in the theare field for the last 35 years and staged a number of plays like 'Invisible cities' in many parts of the world. In ITFok, he will stage, 'Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea' at K T Muhammed Theatre on February 3. The theme of the drama is inspired by famous French novelist Jules Verne's novel by the same name. It will be staged using techniques of digital scenography in order to reconstruct the effects that characterises the novel, he said. The drama develops around the mysterious life of Captain Nemo, who lives in a submarine, Nautilus, under the sea.Earlier the festival was jointly inaugurated by artistes Kalamandalam Ramankutty Nair, MV Devan, Parassala B Ponnammal and Trippekulam Achuta Marar.Manganiar concert by Kuldeep Kothari and Malavikagnimithram, directed by Kavalam Narayana Panikkar were staged on the first day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721634", "title": "Strong political will needed for turnaround: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Wednesday if the leadership has clarity on developmental direction and strong political will, then any failed country or state can be made into a developed country or state.Modi, who was addressing 'Sierra Leone conference on development and transformation' organized in the capital, Free Town, of the African nation, said that the twin aspects constituted the basic mantra of the Bihar government that had brought about a turnaround in the state. Sierra Leone president Ernest Bai Koroma inaugurated the conference on January 30, and around 400 participant delegates welcomed Modi's remarks with clapping.Modi said that Bihar and Sierra Leone had differences in terms of natural attributes, geographical, economic and cultural experiences, but their similarities lay in their separate endemic poverty, low human development index (HDI), lack of power generation plants, unemployment and rampant corruption. Besides, the two societies also shared common aspiration for development and liberation from their endemic problems, Modi added.He maintained that if Sierra Leone was beset with civil war, then Bihar had been battered by 15 years of misrule. The redeeming feature of the two societies, however, was that while Sierra Leone had started on the process of charting out a new path for its growth and development, Bihar, for the last five-six years, was already moving along the same path, which had also led to the rise of Bihari pride, Modi said and gave details of activities that had been undertaken in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725121", "title": "RCom: Not to be affected by SC's 2G judgement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Communications said that licences to the company were issued in 2001 or prior to that and will not be affected by the Supreme Court judgement pronounced squashing all 122 licences alloted in January 2008.\"RCom's licences are not affected by the Supreme Court judgement pronounced today,\" the telecom service provider said in a statement to the BSE.\"RCom's licences were all issued in 2001 or prior,\" the company added.Earlier during the day, the Supreme Court canceled grant of all 122 2G licences issued in January 2008, stating that they were granted in arbitrary and unconstitutional manner.The court asked telecom regulator Trai to make fresh recommendation on grant of 2G licences and allocation of spectrum will be done through auction within 4 months.Reliance Communications is a group company of Anil Ambani led Reliance. The group currently has a net worth excess of Rs 89,000 crore, cash flow of Rs 10,900 crore, net profit of Rs 3,600 crore.Shares of Reliance Communications were trading at Rs 95.20 on the BSE, down 5.18 per cent from the yesterday close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721849", "title": "Little relief for children with special needs", "text": "The Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan has a number of provisions for children with special needs (CWSN), which includes identifying students, ensuring that they can enjoy personalised training, and integrating them into 'barrier-free' schools when possible. The SSA funds can also be used to financially support corrective surgeries on children. But once again, the NMC's performance in these areas has been dismal.Last year, civic officials identified only 1,160 children and teenagers-in the one to 18-year age bracket-with special needs in the city. In many instances, it has failed to meet the needs of even those children it has identified. Take the case of Shivam Manik Nathe, an orthopaedically handicapped (OH) Standard IV student at Athavle Joshi School on Dindori Road. After a 10-month struggle, he was finally given a wheel-chair last month, when all he needed was a walker.Mahesh Pradip Patil, an orthopaedically handicapped student who is enrolled at Chhatrapati Shivaji School at Satpur received a broken tri-cycle a month ago under the SSA.The NMC has to provide supplementary aids to the CWSN such as wheelchairs, callipers, tricycles, hearing aids, etc. According to civic records, 35 students were beneficiaries in 20008, around 33 students in 2009, and a mere five children in 2010. Last year around 20 students received aid.Most families are made to jump through hoops to get financial support for their children's corrective surgeries. Smita Jadhav (name changed) had to wait for three years before she could finally undergo an operation that costs Rs 2.5 lakh. The NMC finally forked out the money around November 2010 only after her parents followed up with officials regularly. But she needs further surgery, and her parents are anxious that they will not receive cooperation from officials.There's also a huge disparity in the number of children with special needs as identified by the Civic Hospital and the NMC. Last year, the NMC identified only 63 visually impaired children, even though the hospital had put the figure down to 680.The NMC hasn't appointed a single mobile teacher of the sanctioned strength of 30 from the year 2009. The mobile teacher is the most important unit of the SSA- Inclusive Education programme, as the teacher can make house visits. According to civic officials, the recruitment procedure is said to be under way.What is Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan It is a programme devised by the central government for the effective implementation of the Right To Education (RTE) Act that guarantees free and compulsory education to all students between the age group of six and 14. The Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan seeks to open new schools in areas where there are none and strengthen existing infrastructure through provisions for additional classrooms, toilets, drinking water, maintenance grant and school improvement grants.It also plans to bring students from all walks of life at par, with equality being a basic principle, and therefore, has special provisions for children belonging to various minority groups, like SC/ ST/ OBC/ EBC as well as children with special needs.The Inclusive Education programme under the SSA works to integrate children with special needs in the classroom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722993", "title": "Tax shortfall hits projects", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai failed to meet its property tax collection targets in the last two financial years and, at the rate it is going, it is likely to fall well short this year too. The shortage in tax collection has slowed down or forced the civic body to reconsider various projects.Corporation officials admit that certain proposals, like the Rs 15-crore 15-kmlong cycle track in and around Anna Nagar, have been shelved because of a financial crunch. Among the biggest defaulters, say officials, is the state itself. It has not paid tax for the new 9.3 lakh sqft secretariat building, which the current government proposes to turn into a hospital, on the Omandurar Estate.With just eight weeks left for the fiscal to end, corporation officials say they have only achieved 40% of the targeted property tax collection. Of the target of Rs 558 crore for the year, only Rs 227 crore had been collected till Monday. Officials said the recent local body election was one reason the tax collection had been low this year.\"Many corporation officials were involved in the local body elections and that affected tax collection,\" a corporation official said. Property tax is the main income of the civic body.Corporation officials said many people were using residential properties for commercial purposes. \"Many property owners are also misusing the rebate of 25% guaranteed by the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act, 1919, for owner-occupied buildings,\" an official said. \"Tax assessors are made to believe that the tenants are relatives and the dwelling units are not rented out.\"Lack of assessors in the city municipal limits is also contributing to the problem. There are only 86 tax assessors to cover the 15 zones of the corporation.After general survey of property tax in 1993-1994, levies were fixed between 60 paise and Rs 2.40 per sqft for residential properties ranging and between Rs 4 and Rs 12for commercial properties, depending on the location. The corporation has not hiked property tax since then and many property owners take advantage of the difference in rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "barabanki", "code": "11721809", "title": "Beware of Cong's divide &amp; rule policy, says Mayawati", "text": "BARABANKI: Launching her campaign to retain the crown in UP, Dalit queen Mayawati cautioned large crowds at her two rallies in Sitapur and Barabanki against Congress's \"divide and rule\" policy.She warned her followers - Dalits and backwards - to be on guard against Congress's sub-quota politics that would split them into Dalits and maha-dalits or backward and most backward. The CM made an hour-long speech to crowds of over 50,000, who came from six constituencies of this dalit-dominated district. In 2007, BSP won four out of six seats here.Repeatedly cautioning dalits and backwards against falling \"in Congress's trap\" , she said, \"They have included a number of castes without increasing the total quantum of reservation . This is a well-thoughtout ploy to divide your unity. Congress is playing the same game with Muslims by promising them 9% out of the OBC quota.\"Mayawati also warned her supporters to beware of false promises made by opposition parties. \"Congress says 'give us power for five years, we will bring a turnaround' . They must be asked when they did nothing in 40 years when Congress was ruling the state, what can they do in five?\"She said her party was not into making pre-poll hollow promises. \"That's why we don't bring out any election manifesto. We do more, talk less.\" Confident of a comeback , Maya still warned UP voters that if because of their \"carelessness and foolishness \" SP came to power, the state will return to 'jungle raaj' ; if Congress came to power, the poor will have to migrate to metros and if BJP were to be elected, communal forces would raise their head.Opposition parties don't have the face to talk about corruption, she said, since all had 'ghotalas'. \"In 31 months of UPA rule, there have been 62 scams. SP had its foodgrain and mines allotment scam and BJP government in Karnataka was involved in mining scam.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722623", "title": "Squad to acquire land for Metro", "text": "KOCHI: To speed up the land acquisition procedures for the Kochi Metro project, two special land acquisition units will start functioning from next week.District collector PI Sheik Pareeth said that special units, Metro 1 and Metro 2, headed by two special tahsildars P Sathyasheelan Achari and CR Krishnakumar will focus on land acquisition from Aluva to Petta Junction, the proposed route for the metro rail. District administration has already completed land survey for the project and initiated scrutiny of the documents.Officials in the revenue department said that first phase of scrutinizing survey documents have been completed and registration procedures will be initiated at the earliest.The land value will be finalized by the state empowered committee and a meeting of the same will be convened in the second week of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720768", "title": "Gujarat University showcause to dental colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) has issued a show cause notice to the Karnavati Dental College and Ahmedabad Dental College after it received a complaint that the two colleges had jointly organized an entrance test on the basis of which the management would grant admission in their postgraduate seats.The two colleges have been asked to explain why their recognition should not be cancelled for grossly violating the rules and regulations of GU which stipulate that no college can conduct an entrance test on its own and all colleges should follow the merit list declared after the common entrance test conducted for PG medical students by GU. GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi said that it was brought to the notice of the university officials that the two colleges had jointly announced an entrance test on February 5, which is independent of the PG entrance test conducted by GU on January 29.Officials said that this action was in gross violation of GU rules and such indiscipline can not be ignored.\"This is a very serious matter and we have asked the colleges to submit their explanation as to why their deposit should not be confiscated. If the colleges still go ahead with conducting the entrance test, strict action will be taken like the university not enrolling their students,\" Trivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720222", "title": "No one comes to court on whim, HC tells cops", "text": "MUMBAI: People do not come to court without reason, said the Bombay high court on Wednesday while hearing petitions by bar waitresses and singers. They had moved court after the Byculla and Malad police threatened restaurant owners against employing women.A division bench of judges Sharad Bobde and Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing the petitions against \"high-handedness of the police\" by waitresses and singers employed by hotels Pingara, Priya and Faizabadi Aangan in Byculla and the owner of Garden View restaurant in Malad.Their advocate, Veena Thadani, said Vasant Patil, senior inspector at the Malad police station, orally threatened Garden View's owner, saying he would be implicated in false cases if he employed women. \"I have voluntarily shut my restaurant. We cannot run it,\" the owner said through Thadani.The lawyer said Lakhamchand Mathure, senior inspector at the Byculla police station, too, was harassing restaurant owners in the area, asking them not to employ women. \"They are single women. They are the breadwinners in their families,\" said Thadani.She said that under the Bombay Shops and Establishments Act, waitresses are allowed to work till 9.30 pm and women singers till 1.30 am. She said the two police officers threatened to implicate her clients in crimes mentioned in the Prevention of Immoral Traffic Act or under section 294 (obscene acts and songs) of the Indian Penal Code.Thadani said such harassment of restaurant owners by the police was happening not only in Malad and Byculla, but also in other areas of the city. She said the police were particularly against the employment of women (in general). \"They (the police) act according to their whims and fancies. If the allegations (against the police) were false, why would they (Thadani's clients) come to court in the first place?\" the lawyer said.Agreeing with her, Justice Bobde said, \"People usually don't come to court.\" But he disagreed with the proposition that the police were biased against women when it came to employment. \"It cannot be general,\" he said.The additional government pleader, who had the police officers present in court, said they denied the allegations. The judges recorded this in their order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721415", "title": "Voters want MLAs to redress bad roads, traffic", "text": "Bad roads and poor traffic management seems to be the common bane of all big cities of the state. In the TOI-Ipsos survey, when asked about key issues that the newly elected should resolve in their constituency, 51% of voters feel that bad traffic and road management should be looked into first.Potholes, drainage, street lighting, parking space, traffic rules, stray animals are the major concern of the male voters. 54% male voters want their MLA to start working on these areas. A high of 64% voters from Allahabad are concerned of these problems. 45% women voters and an overall 42% voters vote against crime that includes eve-teasing, thefts, snatching, public drinking and drunken brawls. They want their representatives to curb violence. The survey was conducted in Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Allahabad.Pollution is a major concern of Varanasi voters with 45% voters willing to vote for the candidate that puts pollution issues up the agenda. In Lucknow, maximum numbers of voters (44%) are not satisfied with transport facilities. Lack of proper intra-city public transport system concerns Lucknow voters. In Kanpur, the figure is just the opposite. Only 17% of the population is concerned of intra-transport system in the city. Shortage and uneven electricity supply worries 41% of Allahabad voters.Lack of employment facilities worry 41% of women voters and overall 38% voters from Lucknow want their candidates to provide job opportunities. It has been seen that 32% of voters belonging to the age group 30-50 years are concerned of employment facilities as compared to 24% in case of 18-29 years.Interestingly, 43% of Kanpur voters want their new representative to provide more entertainment hubs, parks and playgrounds. Bad management of VIP guests leading to chaos, problems faced at religious tourism sites (e.g. Varanasi), poor sports infrastructure facilities and lack of sanitation, sewerage system, garbage collection and public toilets also feature on to-do list of the candidates prepared by the voters of these cities.If the right candidate is elected, 90% of Kanpur voters believe that these problems can be solved. The number is 80% on an average in the four cities of the state. 81% of the male voters feel that these issues can be rightly managed and solved if proper candidates are elected thereby having absolute faith in the democratic system for mass development and a better way of life. Only 15% of Varanasi voters are circumspect of the potential of their elected MLAs.When asked about the source which the voters refer to while deciding on a particular candidate, 91% of Lucknow voters discuss with peer groups before voting. 89% of them also take help of their family before exercising their adult franchise. 82% of female voters prefer to go by their family voice while they choose to vote. Only 3% of Kanpur voters are affected by the different political party manifestos whereas, Lucknow voters take them seriously as 63% of voters take account of the 'promise papers' while they enter the pooling booth. This is a significant difference as voters from Varanasi (20%) and Allahabad (18%) showed indifference to the party manifestos.It needs to be mentioned that similar to the first time voters (published on January 25), general voters of the urban cities are also not affected by the speeches of the candidates at rallies. Overall voters across age groups and gender are least affected by the speeches. The figure is as low as 3% in Kanpur with the highest surveyed at Lucknow (34%) followed by Allahabad (14%) and Varanasi (9%). Only 22% of the women voters take these rallies seriously.Dependence on media is also low in case of Kanpur voters (9%) and the figure moves up to 56% amongst Lucknow voters. Internet is the least used medium.With less than 10 days left for voting for the first phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly election, the voters in the state are quite excited and look forward to cast their vote. 95% of the voters are looking forward to cast their vote. The quantum of excitement touched 97% in the voters belonging to 18-29 years. Males edged ahead of females in this category. Ninety nine percent of people surveyed in Varanasi and Kanpur are looking forward to cast their vote, while in Allahabad it is 94% and state capital relatively lags behind at 90%. Only 3% of the voters surveyed said that they are not looking forward to vote. One percent of the voters in the politically crucial state are not sure about their own state of mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720545", "title": "2,756 forms for PCMC poll", "text": "PUNE: A total of 2,756 nomination forms have been received for the municipal elections in 128 civic wards in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Tuesday was the last day for submission of nominations by aspirants.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, PCMC on Wednesday said, \"The nomination forms were submitted to 12 returning officers in various areas of the city.\"The process of scrutiny of nomination forms began on Wednesday. Ashok Munde, chief election code of conduct cell, PCMC said, \"The State Election Commission has directed that scrutiny of the nomination forms of candidates belonging to reserved categories for the 10 municipal corporations, namely Brihanmumbai Thane, Ulhasnagar, Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad, Solapur, Nashik, Akola, Amravati and Nagpur be delayed by a day and start on February 2 at 11 am. The scrutiny of the nomination forms of candidates in the open category seats has been completed.\"Meanwhile, various political parties are expected to announce their second list of candidates by Thursday. Party leaders of NCP, Shiv Sena , BJP and RPI (Athavale group) said that the lists will be declared on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722356", "title": "Jammers to prevent bus hijacking", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to prevent a repeat of the Pune incident in which a mentally unstable driver mowed down eight people on January 25, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) plans to introduce jammers to lock buses parked at depots.An official said, \"Once a bus enters the depot, a supervisor will install jammers on its tyres so that it becomes immobile.\" The plan will be placed before a panel formed by the MSRTC, which also plans to have annual medical examinations, including drivers' psychological profiling, of its staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11721806", "title": "Fat doctors less likely to diagnose obesity", "text": "WASHINGTON: Is your doctor fatter than you? Then, you are less likely to get a proper diagnosis of your obesity, researchers say.A new study, published in the journal Obesity , found that overweight and obese physicians who have a Body Mass Index (BMI) of 25 or more were less effective at tackling obesity as they appear reluctant to discuss the topic with patients.However, doctors with normal body mass indexes (BMIs) talk to obese patients about weight more often, and are more likely to diagnose patients as obese, found the study.Researchers from Johns Hopkins University analysed 500 primary care physicians for their study and found that those with normal BMI talked to obese patients about losing weight 30% of the time, whereas overweight and obese physicians engaged in the discussion 18% of the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11721630", "title": "Poster issue polarizes Congress into two warring groups", "text": "KANNUR: The tussle between the Congress factions over the poster issue took a nasty turn when I-group leaders in the district came out openly in support of K Sudhakaran. They also criticized chief minister Oommen Chandy and the police department in the district for the treatment meted out to them.At a press meet KPCC executive members M Narayanan Kutty, K C Kadambooran, V A Narayanan, AICC member Suma Balakrishnan and INTUC state general secretary K Surendran flayed the UDF government for neglecting the party workers in the district. \"The situation was even better when the LDF was in power,\" said the I-group leaders. They said that the party workers had shared their concerns about the policies of police in the district at the KPCC meeting.The Congress leaders also termed the police move to remove the flex board of Sudhakaran as an 'act of vengeance'. \"The party workers in the district are facing attacks from the CPM and the BJP and even then we are not getting any justice from the police even though the UDF is in power,\" said Narayanan Kutty.Criticizing the A-group leaders, the I-group leaders said now some people are fighting against Sudhakaran because he has the maximum support in the district. They also openly criticized Union minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran for praising the Kannur SP Anup Kuruvilla John and said that the stance of certain people who support the acts of the police cannot be justified.However, they also disapproved the act of removing the chief Minister's poster from the collectorate compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720926", "title": "Quota reduction prompted LPG drive", "text": "BANGALORE: Why did the department of food and civil supplies undertake the massive drive to detect illegal gas connections in the state?Food and civil supplies minister Shobha Karandlaje told the legislative council on Wednesday that the Centre had reduced the state's kerosene quota by 5,000 kilo litres, citing that 55% of the population had LPG connections.She was replying to opposition chief whip RV Venkatesh on the difficulties faced by multiple consumers who had only one RR number but their connection was still cut.Shobha said the department knew that of 79 lakh connections in the state many were illegal, and after the drive, 21.5 lakh families hadn't produced RR numbers. \"In fact, we should have got more kerosene quota as per the population. That's why we decided to crack down on illegal connections,'' she added.Venkatesh said many consumers, especially in Bangalore, had multiple connections under a single RR number. Shobha replied: \"I understand the problem. Even I live in a rented house where I use my house owner's RR number for gas connection. But there is a provision for such consumers where they can specify it in a column provided in the pro-forma with gas dealers. There should be no problem for genuine consumers.''\"We'll take action against gas dealers who diverts domestic gas for commercial use,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720204", "title": "Labour welfare boss sacked for sexual harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has dismissed labour welfare commissioner Mohan Dhotre, a Class I officer, on charges of sexual harassment. In 2003, a female lower division clerk (whose identify cannot be revealed) had alleged that Dhotre was pestering her for sexual favours.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently gave his consent , and the state administration served the dismissal order on Dhotre on Tuesday. Dhotre is probably the first Class I officer to be dismissed from service on charges of sexual harassment, say senior bureaucrats. After an inquiry was initiated against him in 2003, Dhotre challenged the decision in the Bombay High Court. In 2004, the HC allowed the inquiry to proceed before the final order was issued . It said if the probe report was adverse to (Dhotre), it could be not implemented for four weeks . \"The four-week time begins from January 31,\" a senior labour department official told TOI on Wednesday.Reacting to his dismissal order, labour welfare commissioner Mohan Dhotre told TOI, \"The inquiry against me was initiated in 2003. The departmental probe was completed in 2006. Thereafter, a showcause notice was served in 2008. I had appealed against the order. While hearing my appeal, the labour minister had directed the government to stop two increments of mine, but the order was never implemented. I feel that injustice is being done to me as the labour department did not put all the facts pertaining to the case before the CM.\" Asked if he would challenge the notice in court, Dhotre said, \"I have not decided what to do.\"Sanjeevani Kutty, an IAS officer in charge of the state labour department in 2003, had conducted the probe into the sexual harassment case and found Dhotre guilty.Even as the inquiry report moved at a snail's pace from one desk to another in Mantralaya, the aggrieved woman wrote to the National Human Rights Commission seeking justice. The NHRC wrote to the state government seeking a status update.Describing the dismissal order as \"historic\", veteran leader and former MP Mrinal Gore who had earlier written to the CM on the issue, said, \"I am sure the decision to dismiss Dhotre from service will act as a deterrent to many other and help restore the dignity of women at the workplace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721796", "title": "Crab-like robot to remove cancer", "text": "Inspired by Singapore's famous chili crab dish, researchers have created a miniature robot with a pincer and a hook that can remove early-stage stomach cancers without leaving any scars. Mounted on an endoscope, it enters the patient's gut through the mouth. It has a pincer to hold cancerous tissues, and a hook that slices them off and coagulates blood to stop bleeding. With the help of a tiny camera attached to the endoscope, the surgeon sees what's inside the gut and controls the robotic arms remotely while sitting in front of a monitor screen.\"Our movements are very huge and if you want to make very fine movements, your hands will tremble ... But robots can execute very fine movements without trembling,\" said enterologist Lawrence Ho, who helped design the robot. Professor Ho, who works at Singapore's National University Hospital, said the robot helped remove early-stage stomach cancers in five patients in India and Hong Kong, using a fraction of the time normally taken in open and keyhole surgeries that put patients at higher risk of infection and leave behind scars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720697", "title": "Suspended cop Vanzara dances to Bollywood tunes in Sabarmati jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer D G Vanzara who has been arrested in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter cases was caught dancing behind bars on Thursday. Vanzara and other inmates of the Sabarmati Central Jail were dancing to the tunes of popular Bollywood film songs.Jail authorities took pains to explain that Vanzara with the others were dancing as part of their daily morning aerobic schedule. The aerobic session, said jail authorities, is followed by a session of yoga.The thumping tunes of Koi Kahe Kehta Rahe from Bollywood blockbuster Dil Chahta Hai filled the jail campus and Vanzara broke into dance with his fellow inmates. His dance movements not only enthused other jail inmates but also the jail superintendent who started egging him on by clapping.\"Since the last few months under jail reforms a number of activities have been initiated in the central jail. Yoga is one of the reform projects. Yoga session is preceded by aerobics.A private gym owner himself comes to the jail to train the inmates in aerobics,\" said jail officials.A few months back a controversy erupted over this dance within jail. Prime accused in Amit Jethwa murder case, Shiva Solanki, was caught on camera dancing to the tune of Munni Badnam Hui, another Hindi film song. Jail authorities explained that this is part of aerobic session and not a form of entertainmentAfter his arrest in 2007 Vanzara has delved into literature, and spirituality. He has also taken to poetry and has published his book on poems. His latest fad is Gandhian philosophy. He scored 70 per cent marks in a recent examination conducted by Gujarat Vidyapith on Gandhian philosophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11721242", "title": "Senior officers' election duty cripples Ponda police station", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police station is virtually crawling with only single sub-inspector and junior staff, as about 80% of the seniors there have been allotted election duty, adding to an already-existing shortage that afflicts the station.The Ponda police station had five police sub inspectors (PSIs) and four of them have been allotted to an election flying squad, a highly placed police officer revealed to TOI.The Ponda police station covers a jurisdiction of around 215 sq kms. The four officers have been allotted for election duty since January without having proper substitute arrangements, and the police station has registered several offences including murder, thefts, assaults, etc.The single PSI who's currently manning the station is constantly on the move switching from investigating one case to another. On Monday, afternoon,two bodies were found. Quoting this example, the officer asked, \"how can a PSI conduct the inquest and other investigation of more than one cases at the same time.\" The previous Friday, the police registered a murder case. The accused are still at large. Police have vital information that points out that the accused has fled to his native Karnataka and wish to send a team to nab the accused.However, they could not send it as they have no additional PSIs. \"The investigation of murder and other similarly grave offences cannot be allotted to junior officers,\" the officer stated.Since January, the police station has registered a murder, ten unnatural deaths, several thefts and many road accidents. The investigation in these cases is on, but can move ahead as most officers are on other duties.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11726431", "title": "Akshay Kumar too on wish list", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Meeting cine star Akshay Kumar is next on his wishlist. ''Akshay has seen much struggle in life... he even worked as a waiter. I would ask him how despite his success, he is so grounded,'' he adds.He also wishes to see government streamlining the tax system for kids' garment industry, as it has many ''flaws''. ''But, I think it will always be a dream,'' he says. A BMW is also included in his long wishlist, for it is ''very comfortable and looks great''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724666", "title": "Ruckus in hospital after patient's death", "text": "KANPUR: A brawl broke out between a patient's family and the staff of Tulsi Hospital here on Wednesday. It began when 22 years old Ricky, a resident of Cantt area, died in the hospital. The family members alleged that the patient died nearly two days ago, but the hospital authorities revealed about his death on Wednesday just to extract more money. The relatives of Ricky alleged that he died due to the negligence of doctors.Ricky was severely injured in an accident on December 31 in Jajmau. He received injuries in stomach, legs and small intestine. The youth was brought to Tulsi Hospital on January 2 and admitted under Dr Shahid Parvez and Dr Vinay, who performed an operation.According to the hospital authorities, a week after the operation, the stitches broke and another operation was conducted. The patient also developed severe infection in intestine and lungs.The doctors shifted Ricky to intensive care unit after which he died.His father Roop Lal said that Ricky was critical but the doctors gave them fake assurances and never revealed the exact condition of the patient.\"When we asked the doctors that why the stitches got broken, they said that in the cases of intestinal injuries it is normal. The doctors did not allowed us to see Ricky even once after he was shifted to ICU,\" Lal said.The kin of the deceased also alleged that their patient had died two days ago but the doctors had not informed them.The body was sent for post-mortem. Roop Lal lodged a complaint with Gwaltoli police.However, hospital authorities denied the allegations and stated that in the cases of intestinal injuries, the opening of stitches is normal.\"The condition of the patient was very critical and his seriousness was told to his parents,\" said Dr Shahid Parvez.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722248", "title": "Despite security boost, women still vulnerable", "text": "The Government Railway Police (GRP) may have beefed up security in ladies' coaches and at railway station following a Bombay High Court directive in connection with a PIL on women's security issues. However, the attack on a young woman in the midst of hundreds of commuters at Goregaon station on Tuesday proved that a lot more needs to be done. The incident has also brought to light the vulnerability of women on station platforms and near booking offices. In a survey conducted among women commuters on the Western Line last year, most demanded that female cops be posted inside compartments . Commuters also asked for closed-circuit cameras to be installed in coaches , and that priority be given to night patrolling. Other demands included banning hawkers, barring teenage boys from entering ladies' compartments and to stop the conversion of ladies' compartments to general post 11pm.Earlier this year, the GRP conducted a railway safety week, where officers put up posters in ladies' compartments , detailing helpline numbers and instructions for commuters to remain alert. \"We have increased night escorts in women's coaches from a single constable to two. Deployment of home guards has been stepped up along the platforms where the ladies' compartments of trains halt. We have also started posting more policemen at entry/exit points of nodal stations to look out for suspicious persons,\" a senior official said.Deepak Gandhi of the Mumbai Suburban Railway Passengers' Association said, \"Overcrowding is one issue that needs to be looked into, whether on platforms or in coaches. There has to be limited loading, especially for the suburban network, where commuting is most unsafe.\" Gandhi added that in situations where trains are nearly empty, anti-social elements creep in. \"So the loading has to be evenly spread out. Despite the railways making huge investments in infrastructure , commuters are still travelling like cattle,\" he said.The much talked-about Integrated Security System (ISS) plan, which is necessary for strengthening railway security, is yet to be implemented. The ISS, which was envisioned for stations across India , calls for an internet-based CCTV system for monitoring platforms, monitoring entry /exit points, person and baggage screening, bomb detection and disposal.\"Spending on expensive equipment is useless when there's nobody to monitor it,\" says activist Sameer Jhaveri. \"For instance, metal detectors at nodal stations beep every time a commuter wearing a metal accessory passes through. But no official halts or checks such a commuter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11723639", "title": "Nepal border officials to help UP have peaceful polls in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: To ensure a peaceful and fair polling, district magistrate Bahraich (DM) Pinki Jowel requested for the assistance from the Nepal officials. The first phase of the Uttar Pradesh elections will take place on February 8. During a meeting held between border officials of both the countries at district collectorate, the officials have agreed to seal the international border for 48 hours before the polling. They also decided to start the extensive search operation on the Indo-Nepal border.The officials of Bahraich, Shravasti of India and the officials of Bankey and Berdia districts of Nepal were present in this meeting. The DM Bhariach told that the Nepal officials have agreed to seal the border 48 hours before the polling, they would also cooperate in rigorous vigil and patrolling on the prominent roads, sideways and desolated places. It was also decided to take extensive search operation on either side and to make joint efforts to stop infiltration.The DM told that the officials of Bankey and Berdia districts have been requested to monitor telecommunication activities through surveillance. The district magistrate of Bankey district of Nepal Krishna Chandra Ghimre representing Nepali delegates assured his counterparts of Bahraich and Shravasti district that they would extend their full support for conducting the election peacefully. Kanchan Verma, DM of Shravasti, A K Raghav, superintendent of police (SP) of Bahraich, B B Singh, SP of Shravasti, Subramaniyam, the commandant of Shashatra Seema Bal(SSB), M S Negi, the administrative officer of Bankey and Basant Kumar Kannojiya, Chiranjivi Giri of Berdia and SP Govind Chhitre were present in the meeting.The Nepali officials would put a check on elephants during the election. The DM of Bahraich Pinki Jowel requested the Nepali officials to make special and effective arrangements to stop the movement of wild animals specially the elephant until the election is over. She has also demanded the details of the contesting candidates campaigning through FM radio.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724852", "title": "Another literary character by Mythili", "text": "The success of Salt 'N Pepper has paved way for Mythili becoming the sought-after actress in Mollywood to play the female lead in literary works-turned-movies.The pretty actress had made her debut in the State Award-winning Ranjith directorial Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha, which was based on the best-selling novel of the same name by TP Rajeevan.Now, she has been roped in to star along Kunchacko Boban in Sohanlal's next flick titled Veedu, which will see the merging of four stories from legendary Malayalam writers MT Vasudevan Nair, Vaikom Mohammed Basheer and Madhavikutty.Director Sohanlal says, \"Kunchacko's character of a young bachelor binds the movie which narrates the character's vision of marriage.Kunchacko as a stranger travels to three houses each with a husband and a wife and witnesses the happenings that lets him decide about his marriage.The happenings in each house are taken from stories penned by the three writers. Plus, Kunchacko's character is taken from another MT novel.The film will also have Lal and Manoj K Jayan in prominent roles. Apart from Veedu, the writer-director is also working on translating his Malayalam novel Limelight to Tamil.The film rights to the book has already been brought by National Award-winning director Vetrimaaran, who plans on starting the film after the ongoing Vaada Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "11722622", "title": "3 days after marriage, man dies in accident", "text": "CUDDALORE: A newly married engineer from Chennai died when a lorry hit his motorbike in Cuddalore district on Tuesday evening.TSaravanan, 27, a civil engineer working in a private company, married Sathya hailing from a village near Nellikuppam in Cuddalore district in Chennai on January 29.After dropping his wife at his in-laws' house, Saravanan visited Thiruvanthipuram temple and was returning home when a lorry hit his bike from behind and ran over him. The lorry driver escaped. Cuddalore New Town police booked the unidentified driver on charges of causing death by negligence and launched efforts to trace him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721127", "title": "Elderly man threatens to jump off 13-storey building", "text": "KOLKATA: Police and fire officials rescued a 62-year-old man who had threatened to jump off a 13-storey building at Thakurpur, in the south western fringes of the city, on Wednesday afternoon.After an hour long drama, police and fire officials rescued an elderly man who climbed up on the top of a 13 storey building and threatening to jump off at Thakurpukur in the south western fringes of the city on Wednesday afternoon.Police said at around 2.40pm on Wednesday, they received a an SOS call from a woman on 100, asking them to rescue her husband Abhijit. The woman, Chandrima Biswas told police that Abhijit suddenly climbed the top floor of their building (tower eight) at Diamond City complex and threatened to commit suicide by jumping off.Police rushed to the spot and with a public address system, tried to persuade the 62-year-old. But, he did not give up. While fire brigade officials reached the spot with a hydraulic ladder, the Disaster Management Group of Kolkata Police tried to convince Abhijit. None, however, could succeed. Cops said Abhijit went to the landing of the building's 13th floor and threatened to jump from the window of the landing he was threatening to jump off.Fire officials went up to the window with the hydraulic ladder.Meanwhile Biplab Sen, an interior decorator of the building, went up to where Abhijit was standing. Sen then grabbed him from behind and managed to overpower him.The building's residents were, however, unhappy with fire brigade officials. They claimed that the officials had failed to arrange for a net which was essential in such kinds of cases. Manasi Chowdhury, president of the housing complex, said, \"We repeatedly told fire officials about the net but they could not arrange it.\"Probe revealed that Abhijit is unemployed and was depressed over some family problem. Out of depression, the man turned violent and tried to kill himself, said an officer. His wife Chandrima confirmed that her husband is suffering from mental sickness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720696", "title": "OZ-India trade to double over 3 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Australia and India's Rs 1.1 lakh crore (AUD 22 billion) trade relationship is on track to double over the next three years, while the Rs 50,000 crore (AUD 10 billion) of investment by Indian businesses into Australia will also continue to grow rapidly over the same period.This information was shared at a seminar on 'Doing Business &amp; Investing with Australia' organized by The Australian Trade Commission. Patrick Kearins, trade commissioner - Western India, Australian Trade Commission and Craig Peden, director, Innovation Campus (iC), University of Wollongong talked about Australia as a source of innovation, Arun Jagatramka, chairman and managing director, Gujarat NRE Coke spoke on the company's business operations and new projects in Australia.The trade commission also talked about University of Wollongong's plans to set up campus in Ahmedabad.In Gujarat, Australian companies are exploring sectors like oil and gas, infrastructure, clean energy solutions for energy generation as well as water and waste management, food and beverage and agribusiness, sports , health and medical products, services and training as well as broader education and skills-based training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11727263", "title": "Love You To Death: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rafeeq Ellias Cast: Yuki Ellias, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Suhasini MulayLove you to Death is supposedly a comedy film. And it makes you laugh too. But most of the times for the wrong reasons (anglicized accents, ludicrous scenes, ham acts). And even they are far and few between. The story keeps beating around the bush and by the time the narrative actually comes to point, the film bores you to death.The good-for-nothing Atul (Chandan Roy Sanyal), his mom (Suhasini Mulay) and dad (Kallol Banerjee) are surviving on the assets of Atul's wife, Sonia (Yuki Ellias). Her late parents have left behind a fortune for her, which the in-laws want to exploit to their advantage. But when Sonia refuses to fund Atul's new security system project, he and his mother decide to terminate her. What follows is a series of misadventures in her murder attempt.While the burning-the-bride conflict might sound hoary and hackneyed, director Rafeeq Ellias' treatment to this crime-comedy is way away from conventional. But so hatke is his direction that in making things wild and wacky, the film ends up turning weird. There seems to be a deliberate attempt to devise crazy characters who have crazier conflicts. Like the father is wildlife enthusiast, the mother indulges in play-station sessions with the domestic help and Sonia is obsessed with astrology of any kind. None of these attributes contribute to the central plot and so the film tries too hard to be funny.Amongst the genuinely funny sequences are the one where Atul and his mother negotiate Sonia's murder with a theatre director (Chetan Shashital) and a condolence speech given at a dog's funeral attended by dogs of all castes and 'breeds'. Otherwise the film has a very unusual tone of humour where you see a sexologist (Sohrab Ardeshir) who doubles up as a rockstar - a preposterous 'turnoff'.Initially the viewer has no idea where the story is heading towards. And by the time one apprehends, they seem to be least interested. The climax set in the Priyadarshan-Anees Bazmee mould, getting all the characters together, thankfully doesn't get commotional and is smartly executed. While the approach to the humour is never full-blown, much of the wit is lost in the film's subtlety.The performances are kind of dramatic. One can't help but notice a strong Urmila Matondkar hangover in Yuki Ellias' looks. She comes up with a decent act. Chandan Roy Sanyal isn't bad but gets overtly expressive at times. Suhasini Mulay is good. Kallol Banerjee is funny in the restaurant and funeral sequence. Sheeba Chadha and Chetan Shashital are fine for their parts. Sohrab Ardeshir hams. Nicholas Brown (last seen as the villain in Kites ) doesn't get much scope.All said and done, Love you to Death had the potential to be a much funnier and entertaining film. Sadly it shows only sporadic sparks of life!Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721252", "title": "Narendra Modi, like Nazis, will be remembered for carnage: Cong", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday put Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi at par with the Nazis, saying both the regimes would be defined by their carnages. The party made the comparison to dismiss Modi's claims of ushering in development on a day he was reported to have \"blown his own trumpet\" in a speech.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said the claims of development were like saying even Nazis had constructed the famous autobahn motorway system. \"But Nazis are known for Austwitz camp,\" he said, adding the Gujarat regime would be defined by its inaction and culpability in the 2002 Godhra riots.While Tewari added the caveat that he was not drawing a parallel between the despised German regime and the present Gujarat CM, he added there were some lessons to be learnt from history.The bid to taint Modi's development claims came a day after Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit praised the BJP leader for development of Gujarat which she said was the reason for his reelection. The praise for bete-noire Modi did not go down well with Congress and she later claimed her comments had been torn out of context.What made Dikshit's remark provocative was the controversy over Gujarat Congress unit last week bringing out a pamphlet praising Modi's record as CM. AICC dismissed charges of the party unit backing Modi by saying it was a satire on the Hindutva leader and little could be done if sarcasm was lost on the BJP.However, Tewari's acerbic attack on Modi appeared to lay down the bottomline for partymen who are tempted to appreciate the CM for development. He made it clear that Godhra riots would continue to be the Congress measure for Modi's stature.\"The CM had in 2004 changed the terms of reference of Nanavati Commission to include the role of Gujarat CM and government in its ambit. If the CM or the state government are so innocent in riots, why did they not present themselves before the commission? There has been a wide gulf between the words and deeds of the state government over 10 years and we have been constantly highlighting that,\" Tewari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11720011", "title": "City\u2019s BRTS plan hits roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly two years after a feasibility study was done on a Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) for the Rethibowli-JNTU, Kukatpally route, a special purpose vehicle is yet to be created to take the project forward.It appears that the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department is not too keen on the project. The Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA), which is monitoring all traffic and transportation issues in the Hyderabad metropolitan region, is yet to give its nod to the formation of the special purpose vehicle. Interestingly, Vijayawada, which conceived its BRTS project in the same year as Hyderabad, has a special purpose vehicle in place.For BRTS, a dedicated bus lane needs to be created on which other traffic is prevented from plying. The BRTS, which has been built on certain routes in Delhi and Pune needs roads with a minimum width of 150 feet. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) had entrusted Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) with the job of carrying out a feasibility study on the 18-km Rethibowli-JNTU, Kukatpally stretch in 2009 after the organisation offered to do it for free. The CIDA report was submitted to GHMC and UMTA in 2009.\"The feasibility report includes environmental and social assessment study and preliminary designs. The state government has not taken up BRTS due to disturbances in the city, especially in the wake of hitches raised by the metro rail works for the last two years,\" a senior GHMC official said.Officials said unless UMTA and MA&UD; department give their approval for the Rethibowli-Kukatpally route, the GHMC cannot float the special purpose vehicle, which would include officials and representatives of the executing agency who will monitor the project.The Rethibowli-Kukatpally corridor via Tolichowki, Gachibowli and Hi-Tec City, one of the busiest routes in the city, was chosen from among several other routes that were also considered for the BRTS project. Commuters, it was felt, would need mass transportation on the stretch as it is not covered by the proposed metro.In 2006, the state government had proposed BRTS on five routes - Uppal-Mehdipatnam, Uppal-Aramghar, Aramghar-Mehdipatnam and Musi river north and south drives. However, the proposals were shelved as the routes were found to be unviable.There are 52 major obstacles, including religious structures, on the 21 km Uppal-Mehdipatnam route while the Uppal-Aramghar stretch is not viable as the metro rail project has been extended up to Nagole with work on another corridor starting at LB Nagar. The PVNR Expressway became a hurdle for work on the Aramghar-Mehdipatnam route.The other two routes - Musi river south and northern drives - were junked as traffic volume was low on these stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11714209", "title": "Lisa Ray: I've found my true love", "text": "An ecstatic Lisa broke the news of her engagement to boyfriend Jason Dehni on Wednesday morning.The actress revealed, \"Just returned from the glorious Napa Valley- the gourmand's and wine-lovers' paradise- with a delicious announcement. I got engaged to the love of my life. Jason Dehni proposed in Napa. It's my happiest day ever.\"Jason added, \"\"Went to Napa Valley, God's country, looking for my angel Lisa Ray . Found her and brought her back an engaged woman.\"Lisa credited her engagement to her friends. They were the ones who pointed her in the direction of true love said she.The actress was diagnosed with the rare cancer of plasma cells in 2009. After a year of treatment, she revealed she had beaten the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719890", "title": "Couple attack woman, rob her of jewellery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Posing as prospective tenants, a couple attacked an elderly woman with an iron rod and escaped with her 17 tolas gold jewellery in Vanasthalipuram on Wednesday.The incident happened at a house owned by a retired bank employee, L Somasekhara Sastry in Sharadanagar. According to police, Sastry along with his wife Savitri stay on the top floor of their two-storied house and their ground floor portion has been vacant for the last one month.Three days ago, a couple came enquiring about the vacant portion when Sastry and Savitri were both at home. After going around the vacant ground floor house, the couple told Sastry that they would come again with advance amount.On Wednesday morning, the couple went to the house when Savitri was alone. After talking to her for some time, the con woman requested her to show the house once again. The elderly lady agreed, but had a little suspicion about their behaviour.After entering the house, the couple threatened Savitri with an iron rod and demanded that she part with all the gold jewellery. \"When Savitri tried to raise an alarm, the couple slammed the rod on her head and escaped with the gold ornaments she was wearing,\" Vanasthalipuram inspector B Ravinder Reddy said.While the robbers were escaping on a two-wheeler, a neighbour, Rajesh, who noticed the blood-stained rod, tried to stop them. But the woman bit his hand and the couple managed to escape on the vehicle.Savitri was rushed to a nearby hospital and her condition was said to be stable. A case was booked under section 397 (Robbery) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and a man-hunt has been launched to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720202", "title": "New land conversion law to be transparent, IT savvy", "text": "The state cabinet on Wednesday repealed the disputed Section 90B of Land Revenue Act, 1956 and gave the nod for creating a new set of sections under 90A. This is likely to put to rest the controversy over 90B.\"The cabinet has authorized the enabling power authority to make the set of rules for Section 90A. Now the urban development authority department (UDH) can create provisions which will replace Section 90B and allow the swift land conversion laws,\" said PK Deb, additional chief secretary, UDH.\"With new rules, land conversion will become more transparent and fair. The town will also get better planning and we expect that people will follow the due process and help in systematic urban development,\" he added.The new drafted rules will be tabled in the state assembly for making into an Act. Since land revenue Act is part of ninth schedule of the Constitution, it will also need the approval of Union government.Sources revealed that the new provisions that are in drafting stage are based on sector-wise development to ensure organized growth of the city. \"Section 90B has many flaws and do not go in tandem with the master plan. So it has to be substituted with other bylaws,\" said sources.The department is keen to ensure that the new law is easy to understand and more IT enabled. \"Our aim is that a person need not to go door to door for land conversion and can apply from home itself. There will be one time application and processing fee can be paid online. All plots that are available will be put in public domain so that they can know beforehand which land is available for land conversion,\" said an official.However, the applicant will have to take other approvals like building permission, fire nod etc from the concerned departments.How Section 90A is different from section 90 BThe provision of section 90B says that anyone who wants to convert the land can apply to JDA. With some change or no changes, the JDA will approve the proposal and after paying a fee, a person can convert the land for the desired purpose. However, these provisions were promoting the scattered growths which were conflicting with the Master Plan 2025.Section 90 A will promote the systematic development of the city as per Master Plan 2025. One of the provisions of the draft is that any person who wishes to convert and develop the land will have to buy and surrender 10% to 15% of the land earmarked by the Jaipur Development Authority, as part of sector plan. This money will then be utilized by the JDA for development of parks, community facilities and roads.Similarly any property developer who wants to convert land for the projects will have to pay for the public facilities. With substantial amount getting augmented, a bigger project will be conceived and proper development of the sector can be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721321", "title": "Light winds cause drop in maximum temperature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Light intensity winds that blew for most of Wednesday, caused the maximum temperature in the city to drop. Weather experts expect similar conditions for the remainder of the week. On Wednesday, the maximum temperature dropped a shade under 20 degrees celsius and stood at 19.5 degrees celsius, while on Tuesday it was 20.1 degrees celsius.The weatherman predicts that the next few days would see a partly cloudy sky with light winds blowing in the Tricity and cautioned residents not to put away their heavy woollens just yet.Surender Paul, director of the Chandigarh meteorological department, while talking to TOI said, \"There is a possibility of thunder showers around the weekend and it is likely that the next few days are fairly overcast. We expect light wind as well as partly cloudy skies in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula for the next two to three days.\"Paul while elaborating on the forecast said, \"There is likelihood of clearer skies next week and we expect that there would be a rise in the minimum temperature during that period. There is also some possibility of light rain in some areas of the Tricity and that would bring the maximum temperature down somewhat during next week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721543", "title": "Feeding young minds with books of wisdom", "text": "NAGPUR: Wisdom does not necessarily have its root in education, they say. Young businessman Sharad Ashtekar perfectly exemplifies this axiom. Despite not being able to clear secondary school, this Nashik lad managed to start an enterprise that aims at spreading knowledge and information.From doing menial jobs, Ashtekar turned his passion into profitable business, providing previously deprived population the pleasure of reading good books in the deal.Like all backpacking journeys, the one that Sharad took to rural and tribal Maharashtra to visit Baba Amte and Dr Abhay Bang, changed the course of his life. An avid reader, Ashtekar felt sorry that there were not many books available in villages. He could, however, sense a desire among the people, especially youngsters, to know more about the world. This realization made him take up the responsibility of bridging this information gap.Almost two years into the business, Ashtekar is a well known name in all the villages in the area. His target audiences in these places are teachers and students. Today the villagers in Chandrapur, Gadchiroli and Yavatmal districts are spoilt for choice with Marathi translations of international and national best sellers as well as those written by some legendary Marathi writers.\"After I decided to set up a shop here, I invested my entire savings amounting to Rs 4,000 to buy 21 books. All geared to make a quick buck, it was a rude shock when I had no sale for the first three days,\" recounted Sharad. On the fourth day, he decided to visit some educational institutes instead of shops. His first customer was one of the teachers who bought an economics book. \"This taught me an important lesson in demand and supply. In the next three days, the first batch of books was sold out,\" he enthused.One of the odd jobs that he did to earn his living included selling newspapers in trains. \"Though the family's financial condition at the time did not allow me to go back to school , I started searching for ways to satiate my curiosity. One of the articles made me buy the first literary book I read, 'Baluta' by Daya Pawar,\" he said.Once the first lot of books was sold, Ashtekar decided to stay put at Chandrapur. After spending some of the proceeds from the sales on finding lodgings, there was a crunch of money for the subsequent purchase. Fortunately, though, one of the suppliers from Mumbai, where he went to purchase the booksgave him the books on credit. Later, he started adding books from his personal collection. along with those of others and reselling them.The best part about the huge , varied and enviable collection that Sharad has is it has all genres included, not affected by his biases or choices. He does not personally like the writings of Chetan Bhagat, but the sight of a youth from the village flip through 'Revolution 2020' brought a smile to his face.\"An animal only acquires a taste in sorting the quality of fodder with experience. It is the same with the habit of reading,\" he reasoned.He is now setting up a stall at the Chandrapur Marathi Sahitya Sammelan, beginning February 3, to encourage reading among children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11722839", "title": "Pay Rs 10L to riot victim kin: HC to state", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday has directed the state government to pay a compensation of 10 lakh within two months to the parents of a man, who was killed when cadres of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) threw petrol bombs on a state-run bus in which he was travelling. The VCK men were expressing their anger following the death of the LTTE leader V Prabhakaran in May 2009.Delivering an order on the petition filed by Ganesan and Nagammal of Manakudi in Ramanathapuram district, who lost their only son, Irulaiya, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The members of political parties are not expected to take arms, ammunition and bombs to show solidarity to their deceased leaders or express their deep anguish. The deceased was in no way responsible for the assassination of the LTTE supremo. Even then, he was mercilessly killed in an explosion. Political parties should condemn such acts openly.\"He further observed, \"Stringent action at the organization level should be taken against such people by political parties.\"The parents said their son Irulaiya discontinued his studies and was working as a mason in Paramakudi. He was the sole breadwinner of the family. On the fateful day, Irulaiya was proceeding to Madurai in a bus. When the bus reached Thirupuvanam, three individuals belonging to the VCK threw petrol bombs on the bus. He suffered multiple injuries in the incident and died on May 23, 2009.According to his parents, the death occurred due to the negligence of police, who were to preserve law and order. Therefore, the state was liable to pay compensation. Hence, they filed the present petition seeking compensation. However, the special government pleader said the state was not responsible for the incident and not liable to pay compensation.Rejecting the contention of the pleader, Justice K K Sasidharan pointed out that the victim was travelling in a government bus and had paid the charges for the journey.\"The bus in question was owned by the corporation, which was bound to ensure the safety of its passengers. The state, being the owner of the bus, also cannot avoid the responsibility. The injured passengers and the legal heirs of the deceased passengers are entitled to claim compensation, in case of accident. In this case, the death occurred due to the bomb blast and the members of a recognized party were the wrongdoers. They were chargesheeted and the case is pending. The state cannot wash its hands by pleading that the death occurred on account of barbaric acts of certain individuals belonging to a political party,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720789", "title": "90 Bharwad, Rabari leaders from Congress join BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP has something to cheer for. Days before chief minister Narendra Modi's Sadbhavana mission in Bavla, 90 former councilors and leaders from the Congress in the region joined the saffron brigade on Wednesday in the presence of state revenue minister Anandiben Patel.The Sadbhavana mission will be held in Bavla on February 9. Most of the new entrants belonged to the Bharwad and Rabari communities. Of the 90, two former sarpanchs, Adam Suleman and Mustafa Mohammed, are Muslims. The two said they were attracted by the development of the state by BJP and wanted to move ahead, leaving the past behind.Earlier in a meeting, Anandiben said she wants to see the mission become a huge success in Ahmedabad. She asked all party workers to give an account of how much grain was collected in each village, which was to be distributed among the poor and the needy on February 7.\"Instead of spending huge amounts of money on garlands and gifts for the chief minister, get 'sukhadi' and dry fruits as gifts, for this would be distributed among schoolchildren in the district who are mal nourished,\" said Patel.She further said the list of those who would meet the chief minister on the stage has to be sent to the collectorate and the police department, so that they can prepare passes and it would be the administration who would ensure that they were delivered to the respective persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11721480", "title": "Pernem truckers block Maha's mining trucks", "text": "MAPUSA: To mark their protest, members of the Pernem Truck Owners' Association lined up 120 of their trucks along the NH 17 at Naibag on Wednesday, blocking trucks transporting ore from Maharashtra's Kalne mines to Redi.The mine owners and transport contractors at these mines have employed some Goa-owned trucks which is not acceptable to the association members. They have demanded that all their 120 trucks be employed at these mines for ore transportation. The ore is transported from Kalne mines via Patradevi Naibag and is dumped at Redi. Using the Kalne-Naibag-Patradevi route shortens the distance and facilitates the trucks to use the petrol pump along the way.According to the Pernem Truck Owners' Association, if all of their trucks are not engaged then the Maharashtra-owned trucks should not enter Goa. Sources said that the Maharashtra RTO has asked the mining transport contractors not to engage any more trucks because of road and traffic problems.Pernem Truck Owners' Association convenor Sharad Kudav demanded that the issue be resolved at the earliest and their demands be met with. In order to avoid a law-and-order problem, the Pernem police has sought the Pernem SDM's help in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "soraon (allahabad)", "code": "11723538", "title": "Triangular contest shaping up in Soraon", "text": "SORAON (ALLAHABAD): Around 3.10 lakh voters will seal the fate of as many as 20 candidates, including those from major political parties like the Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party, Bharatiya Janata Party , Congress and Apna Dal, in fray for 255 Soraon (reserved) assembly seat in Allahabad district where polling will take place on February 15.With many parties having fielded new faces, candidates, including Independents, are leaving no stone unturned to woo the voters. In a triangular fight - between BJP, BSP and SP-- that is emerging, candidates have adopted all sorts of strategies to attract voters and are promising overall development in field of education, agriculture, irrigation and electricity supply.While the BJP has fielded Nirmala Paswan, a class XI passout, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party have fielded Satyaveer Munna (post-graduate) and Babu Lal Bhawra (graduate) respectively. Congress has made Ajay Kumar its candidate, while Geeta Devi is also trying her luck for the first time on Apna Dal ticket.As per records, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) had emerged as winner in 2002 and 2007 on Soraon assembly seat. Sitting Soraon MLA Mohd Mujtaba Siddiqui had registered his win in two consecutive terms (2002 with 27.26 % and 2007 with 29.41 %) and defeated his nearest rival candidates of Samajwadi Party.In 1996 assembly election, BJP candidate Rang Bahadur Patel, after securing 34.6% votes, had emerged as winner and defeated his nearest rival Hiramani Patel of BSP. BSP candidate had got only 30.45 % votes.During 2002 and 2007 assembly elections, Soraon was not reserved but the seat has now been placed under the reserved category. Though there is no major change in topographical status of the Soraon assembly seat after delimitation, few localities of Jhunsi and Nawabganj area have been added in the assembly segment.In fact, Soran assembly seat is the only seat of Phulpur parliamentary constituency which has been placed under reserved category and following that, hardly 5,000 new voters have been added in the assembly electoral list. The seat currently has a strength of 3,10,501 voters, including 1,68,287 males and 1,42,214 females.Pointedly, Soraon assembly seat (reserved) comprises of KCs 2-Soraon, 4-Mauaima, Mau Aima NP of 1-Soraon Tehsil; KC 1-Kernaeepur, PCs 22-Buwapur, 23-Sarai Dattey, 24-Kusungur, 25-Sarai Liladhar Urf Baranpur, 26-Juganideeh, 27-Balkaranpur, 30-Sisai Sipah, 31-Vakseda, 33-Tikri, 34-Hasanpur Korari, 35- Varji, 37-Bajahi, 38-Raghunathpur, 39-Sikandra &amp; 41-Mathura Urf Parandeeh of 2-Sikandra KC of 2-Phulpur Tehsil.In the 2007 assembly elections, Mohd Mujtaba Siddiqui of BSP had defeated his nearest rival Mohd Ayub of Samajwadi Party. In fact, Apna Dal chief, Sone Lal Patel, who also contested on same seat, had to face defeat and remained at third position.Residents of Mauaima claim that \"Mohd Mujtaba Siddiqui is well known face for every one in the area and once the seat was placed under reserved category, Siddiqui has been contesting on BSP ticket from Pratappur assembly seat\".They claim that Siddiqui is known for his politeness and direct connection with people and they now hope that their MLA or leader should be their well-wisher and sharing joy and grief with them.Garapur village resident, Ramwati, said: \"Yeh sab log vikas ki baat karte hai lekin bahut jayda kuch nahin badla hai (leaders generally talk about development but no major changes have not been witnessed)\". She added: \"Till today, our boys (youths) are going other states to earn two square of meals.\"However, Kunti of Yadavpur does not agree with Ramwati. She said: \"Local MLA has tried his level best and he has good reputation among the masses.As far as report card of sitting MLA is concerned, area people claim that degree college and ITI college are being set up in the area as well as hospitals have also been constructed in Kalandarpur, Mailhan and Mauaima localities. A mini-stadium has also been constructed.Housewife, Lilawati, however, pointed out that there is shortage of adequate irrigation resources and roads are not properly laid. More or less, locals claim that they would be casting their vote only after their judgement.Here, caste equation too matters and BSP candidate, Babulal Bhawra, is quite hopeful of regaining the previous glory as BSP had won the seat in two consecutive terms (2002 and 2007). The seat has highest number of backward voters and candidates of SP, BJP, Congress and Apna Dal are making all efforts to woo voters.SP candidate, Satyaveer Munna, who belongs to a political family, is contesting election for the first time. While Soraon is also termed a stronghold of Apna Dal, Congress candidate is running from pillar to post to grab the attention of voters.Surprisingly, there is good strength of women voters (1,42,214) and they all are well aware about their voting rights. While BJP and Apna Dal have fielded women candidates, the female voters think that the representation of the seat should be given to a woman candidate this time. However, the only time would tell the status as candidates are making sincere efforts to woo voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11721193", "title": "Will Naik beat Shirodkar again?", "text": "PONDA: Shiroda is one constituency where the battle line-up is clear.While both the BJP and Congress have not officially declared their candidates, both camps have confirmed that their candidate in Shiroda will be sitting BJP MLA Mahadev Naik and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee chief Subhash Shirodkar respectively.The question then is only: will there be a repeat of 2007, when Naik, at one time Shirodkar's personal assistant, proved to be a giant killer when he defeated the five-term sitting MLA by just 249 votes.Shirodkar, who was a teacher for 16 years before joining politics via regional outfit MGP, said his defeat in 2007 was triggered by some anti-incumbency voting.\"The electors have realized their mistake. They are now with me and I will win with a thumping majority of 5,000 votes,\" the former Shiroda sarpanch from 1978 to 1984 told TOI.The former legislator who was instrumental in setting up the Shree Kamaxidevi Homeopathic College and the Shree Rayeshwar Institute of Engineering and Technology in Shiroda has started his door-to-door campaigning.\"The electors in the constituency are wiser and can differentiate the quantum of development during mine and Naik's reigns,\" said Shirodkar.Naik, on the other hand, is confident of retaining the seat.\"Goans are now aware that a BJP government in the state is the need of the hour and I will be re-elected as Shiroda MLA,\" said Naik. He added that he has started canvassing in the constituency \"and more and more people are joining me everyday\".Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721091", "title": "Old city road to become one-way", "text": "GURGAON: Come Monday, the road in front of Bhuteshwar Mandir in old Gurgaon will become one-way. The traffic police are planning to implement new diversions after receiving many requests from local residents, besides decongesting the area.According to the new plan, vehicles coming from old jail side will have to take a compulsory left turn and move from behind the temple and then take a right turn to go towards the market or Pataudi road. Vehicles coming from Pataudi will have to take right turn and move from front side of the temple to go towards Sadar bazaar.Similarly, vehicles coming from Khandsa road will not go straight; instead, they have to take left turn and moving from behind of the temple, they will go toward Pataudi or move right to go towards Sadar bazaar.A trial run is being planned on the coming weekend so that once the rule is implemented, the traffic movement remains unhindered, said Hansraj, traffic inspector. Hansraj added a two-hour train run was conducted a week back and fetched good results. The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has been sent a written request to repair the road in front of the temple for smooth vehicular traffic movement.Signage and barricades are being put for the purpose, while one challaning officer and four constables will be posted on the stretch to supervise the new plan. Meanwhile, vehicles coming from IFFCO Chowk or Udyog vihar and going towards DLF phase III will not have to go all the way to 32-lane plaza and take a U-turn to reach their destinations in evening hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "renigunta (chittoor)", "code": "11719373", "title": "Police quash rumours over Bhanu\u2019s body", "text": "RENIGUNTA (CHITTOOR): If only rumours were to be believed, Bhanu Kiran, the prime accused in the murder of factionist Gangula Suryanarayana Reddy alias Maddelacheruvu Suri, had either committed suicide or was killed by his rivals. But it wasn't to be.Police and CID sleuths ruled out that the body of an unidentified person found floating in a pond close to Tirupati airport at Renigunta on Wednesday afternoon was that of the elusive Bhanu, who has been on the run ever since Suri's murder on January 3 last year.Television channels went into an overdrive by declaring that the body was that of Bhanu and that cops had netted a 'prized catch' within three days after home minister Sabita Indra Reddy's assertions in Tirupati that Bhanu would be nabbed soon.Tirupati urban district SP J Prabhakar said that there was no resemblance between the body and that of Bhanu except for the latter's bald pate which matched with the unidentified man's body.The police are trying to establish the identity of the person, who may have committed suicide or been killed by somebody, who dumped the body in the Govindammakunta lake near Gattuvaipalli village in Renigunta mandal. After preliminary enquiry, the cops said the man was aged around 29-30 years.Bhanu is 36 years old. There were no injuries on the body, which was in a highly decomposed state. \"Bhanu has a bulging stomach whereas the man's body did not have the tummy bulge,\" a police official said. After a shepherd alerted them in the late hours of Tuesday, cops fished out the body on Wednesday morning.TV Channels went to town after a local stringer said that the body was that of Bhanu. Soon, top police and local CID officials rushed to the spot. So much so, a team from CID Hyderabad also rushed to the area.Dismissing the reports, Renigunta DSP Venkateshwar Naik said the body was sent to SV Medical College in Tirupati for post-mortem. He said they would preserve some body parts of the man if demand for a DNA test is made by the family members of Bhanu. Local CID DSP Venkateshwar Rao also dismissed the rumours that the body was that of Bhanu.Late in the evening, police identified the body as that of Ram Reddy of Pileru. He reportedly committed suicide due to family problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721243", "title": "PM nod for setting up council for senior citizens", "text": "NEW DELHI: A National Council for Senior Citizens would advise the Central and state governments on policies for improving the quality of lives of the elderly, like promotion of physical and financial security and health.The PM approved the constitution of the Council that would be headed by the Union minister of social justice and empowerment.The members of the Council include the junior minister in social justice ministry, the oldest members of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, representatives of five state governments from five regions and one UT by rotation, five representatives from senior citizens' associations, pensioners' association, NGOs and five Senior Citizens who have distinguished themselves in various fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720310", "title": "2 city schools part of national project", "text": "PUNE: Two schools from the city are part of a nationwide initiative, wherein students from std VIII and IX of 1,300 schools are being taught how to test the fluoride contamination level of groundwater in their schools and locality.The programme, called the Schools Water Portal, is an open, web-based platform for sharing learning resources on water among educators, students, school managements and parents.Schools that register for the project are provided with a water quality testing kit that can test 30 samples of water for the presence of fluoride and also includes learning material for students and teachers. The idea is to spread awareness on fluoride contamination in groundwater.So far, 1,300 schools - including the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and the Delhi Public School network - have registered for the programme. This includes Kendriya Vidyalaya near Lullanager and Kendriya Vidyalaya, College of Military Engineering, Phugewadi.Priya Desai, coordinator, communication and outreach, Schools Water Portal, told TOI that the programme aims to sensitise children to the wide-spread problem of fluoride contamination that affects 6.6 crore people in 19 states in the country. Long-term ingestion of excess fluoride in water can lead to dental or skeletal fluorosis.\"The entire project is online. The learning material guides teachers and gives information to students about how to conduct the test. It also gives information about the kit, on fluoride and its health impact, among others.The kit is easy to use. Each sample of water can be tested in less than two minutes. The result has to be submitted online and pictures and videos of students doing the testing should be uploaded on the portal by February 29,\" Desai said.The testing must be done by students of std VIII and IX and the school should have a basic chemistry lab. Schools must upload test results of at least 20 samples.Rikta Das, a teacher at Kendriya Vidyalaya, near Lullanagar, said, \"Students have tested the fluoride level in water at school and found that it was within the permissible limit. One can find the quality of water through the colour charts. If students are aware of water quality, they can spread awareness on the subject.''The Schools Water Portal is a voluntary initiative coordinated by Arghyam, a non-profit organisation, started by Rohini Nilekani in Bangalore in 2005. The organisation works in the field of water and sanitation in India.Further details available on 080-4169 8941/42. Schools interested in participating can register on: http://www.schools.indiawaterportal.org/water-quality-kit-registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11721642", "title": "Fishing goes hi-tech on Kozhikode coast", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Seventy kilometres off the Kozhikode coast in the deep seas, Shaji Puthenveedu sprang up in action on seeing a series of continuous blips in the monitor fixed on the boat's front panel. It was 1am and his night watch duty so far has been uneventful. Shaji pressed a button to zoom in on the wavy image onscreen which became more visible and revealed the shape of an underwater formation moving stealthily right under the boat. The transducer fixed on the boat's bottom was relaying something fishy in the middle of the night.Shaji quickly bought the boat to a halt and pressed the alarm button setting off the 12-member crew scramble into action. The VHS radio unit on the deck crackled and the information was relayed to alert other vessels in their vicinity. The current geographical coordinates of the boat was also confirmed using an on-board GPS unit.Sounds like a naval warfare scene from a recent thriller? Don't be mistaken. It was routine daily action in one of the fishing boats from Beypore, when Shaji, the boat's helmsman, sensed a huge pool of fish underwater using the latest fish-finder equipment. The fish-finder gadget, increasingly used in fishing boats across Malabar, uses underwater acoustics, a naval technology spinoff, to spot schools of fish underwater and scan the seabed to know its depth and texture.The traditional fishermen across Malabar have made a swift makeover from semi-literate school dropouts to tech savvy entrepreneurs by adopting cutting-edge technology on a mass scale. \"Almost all of the 300 fishing boats in Beypore are now equipped with echo sounders of fish-finders along with GPS instruments and latest communication gadgets. These instruments have changed the way we fish forever,\" said 62- year old P Aboobakkar from Beypore who has been fishing for the last 40 years.\"When I started going to the sea in the late 1960's our trips were just one-day long. For us sea was a great mystery and its depths were unfathomable. We had to look out for the stars in the sky to make our way back home and there were so many causalities due to boat wrecks and other accidents. Today with the fish-finder equipment you can see the bottom of the sea and even spot the fish swimming underwater. I didn't ever think that such a transformation would happen in my lifetime,\" said Aboobakkar, who owns two boats fitted out with latest gadgets.M Vasu, another fisherman from Beypore, said though the new technologies had their own advantages, some boatmen were misusing the gadget to exploit fish resources. \"In the past, traditional boats mostly fished in the surface waters. But now with fish-finders they can spot schools of fish deep in the sea. The fish finder gadget even allows them to chase and hunt moving pools of fish,\" he said.Vasu said that even small traditional fishing communities across Malabar, including those at Azhikkal, Puthiyappa and Ponnani, have installed fish-finder equipment in their boats, with some even sporting latest models equipped to show ocean temperature and send off automatic alarms on fish sighting.\"With GPS technology there is no question of boats losing their way in the sea and VHS radio equipment allows fishing boats to communicate with each other and share information on the location of a good catch,\" he said adding that the gadgets and latest freezer technologies onboard have increased the duration of a normal fishing trip to 10- 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11722402", "title": "HC advocates urge CJ to increase judges\u2019 strength", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench High Court Advocates Association (MBHAA) passed a resolution urging the chief justice of the Madras High Court to increase the existing strength of sitting judges by five more judges, in order to dispose of pending cases and also to increase the registry staff in proportion to the pending cases and work load.The resolution was passed during the general body meeting of the MBHAA on Wednesday.The meeting also passed a resolution to give adequate representation to advocates practicing in the Madurai High Court bench in the appointment of judges to the high court.The lawyers also asked the chief justice to allocate a judge exclusively for final disposal of second appeals and writ petitions.Dwelling on another important aspect of their grievances, they sought to issue interim order copies on the same day or on the next day, without insisting specific directions from the court and the final orders can also be issued within five days.The lawyers also urged to allow mentioning by advocate before the judge or judges for listing urgent matters and lunch motions and to arrange for bench-bar council meeting frequently.They requested the chief justice to install electronic display boards in the first floor of the chambers, canteens and inside court halls and to expedite the construction of additional law chambers meant for lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722371", "title": "Counselling session for CBSE students", "text": "MUMBAI: In an attempt to address exam-related anxieties of students and parents, the Central Board of Secondary Education announced the first phase of pre-exam counselling . Sessions will be held between February 1 and April 16.Students and parents can call toll free number 1800-180-3456 between 8am and midnight for any exam related query. Questions can also be sent to jsctet.cbse@gmail .com or mcsharma2007@rediffmail .com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724430", "title": "Katrina Kaif for Kamal Hassan?", "text": "The actress is likely to be part of the project that well mark the return of the hit Shankar-ARR-Kamal trio.Even as she's supposedly getting ready to shoot with the Superstar in Kochadaiyaan, it looks like the Chikni Chameli actress may also land a role opposite the Ulaganayagan. The latest buzz is that Bollywood hottie Katrina Kaif is being roped in for Aascar Ravichandran's magnum opus. His forthcoming venture with Kamal Haasan is said to be a film with the highest-budget ever in Kollywood. So will Katrina choose both projects or pick one over the other is the big question.A source reveals, \"After finishing work on his dream project Viswaroopam, Kamal is all set to do a film for Ravichandran. The flick has been titled Thalaivan Irukkindran, and it will reportedly be made on a large scale in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam simultaneously. While Kamal, Prabhas and Mohanlal will star in the three versions, Hollywood superstar Jackie Chan will also be seen in an important role in this flick. Talks are on with a big Bollywood actress, supposedly Katrina, and if things work out, the film may be made in Hindi simultaneously as well.\" Interestingly, Thalaivan Irukkindran was the title Kamal had thought of for his earlier flick, Unnaipol Oruvan, in which he had shared screenspace with Mollywood star Mohanlal. The source further adds, \"The makers are keen on getting director Shankar to direct this magnum opus. It looks like talks are on with A R Rahman as well to score the music for this largerthan-life movie.\" Shankar has directed the Ulaganayagan earlier in his Indian, which set the BO on fire. The two were supposed to work again in Endhiran, but due to some unavoidable reasons, the combination didn't work out. Shankar finally made the film with Rajini and the rest is history. But now, looks like the hit combo of Shankar-Kamal-ARR is all set to rock the screen again! And if Katrina joins this team, we are sure to see some fireworks on-screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720758", "title": "GTU to conduct surprise checks at technical colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has issued notification to all technical colleges that surprise checks would be carried out by teams specifically designated for the task of carrying out local inquiries. The varsity has directed all colleges to co-operate with the squads.The notification comes on the heels of the report submitted by the Local Inquiry Committee (LIC) which revealed that nearly 40 per cent positions of teachers in diploma, degree engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA, Master of Engineering, MPharm, architecture and hotel management courses are lying vacant. What's more, 50 per cent of these self-financed colleges are currently headless and are being managed by in-charge principals.GTU recently formed teams headed by nine deans to carry out surprise inquiries at different colleges. The college managements, however, opposed these checks saying that the inspection should be carried out only through prior information.GTU issued a notification on the heels of this opposition. \"We are very serious about the issue of ascertaining the true infrastructure and human resource picture at the colleges so that the students are not short-changed. We have directed all college managements to co-operate with the investigating teams,\" said A K Aggarwal, GTU vice chancellor.The GTU had recently asked colleges to furnish details about the staff, number of students and infrastructure at college campuses, including laboratory equipment. The university has also designed a web page and posted all the information on online.GTU teams will now check whether the information furnished to the university is correct or whether the staff and facilities exist only on paper. The GTU is especially careful about the laboratory facility at colleges. Recently, numerous instances have come to light where colleges had furnished the practical marks to the GTU while it was disclosed later that they had not conducted the exam as they did not have labs in the college!\"Colleges have been told that practical marks will not be considered if it is found that the colleges do not have adequate labs and lab equipment,\" said Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11721610", "title": "Reserve police camp wears a deserted look", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Armed Reserve Police Camp (ARPC) here, from where local police seek support in an emergency, is now a depleted force.In an hour of crisis therefore, the police here will have to depend on the Armed Police Battalion in Adoor, 60 km away, according to district police superintendent Rajagopal.G Ashok Kumar , assistant commandant, Armed Reserve Police Camp, says that despite the increase in the volume of duty, the strength of the force has not increased over the last few years.The camp here has, on paper, a strength of 445 policemen. But in effect, it has a little over 50 cops with the others having been deputed on various duties.Though the ARPC cops were initially trained to deal with law and order, fire, blasts and crowd control, \"some of them are being assigned for civil duties,\" said Kumar, who won the chief minister's police medal this year.\"We even have to provide cops to escort prisoners. On a day, over 35 of our policemen are assigned to carry out such jobs,\" he added.And how quickly will the cops from the Armed Police Battalion in Adoor land here in an emergency? \"Not just the distance involved, there are a lot of formalities to be followed to get the service of that force. Any request has to be cleared at various levels,\" said Rajagopal.\"For enforcing law, we need young cops. Once the officials from the Armed Reserve Police Camp are deputed for local duties, they lose their enthusiasm to act effectively in critical junctures,\" said Rajagopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720784", "title": "Writing wedding invites to Badshah", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wedding season has the Badshah no Hajiro on Gandhi Road abuzz as devi-pujak community members are thronging the place with wedding invitation cards. Badshah no Hajiro, which is opposite Rani no Hajiro, holds a special place among devi-pujaks as only after performing the age-old ritual of exchanging marriage invitations and sending a special invite to Ahmad Shah Badshah, they start their wedding shopping.History has it that members of dalit community used to live outside the walled city and were allowed entry through the four darwajas only for carrying out sanitation work. However, this changed when Ahmad Shah Badshah allowed the dalit community members to enter the walled city.In fact, his unusual approach towards the community won him the respect of the devi-pujaks who started writing their wedding invites in the vicinity of the Badshah no Hajiro. Members of both families of the bride and the bridegroom would exchange the wedding invites, making it a point to leave one for the Badshah before start shopping for wedding.\"This tradition of writing wedding invitations at the Badshah no Hajiro has been in existence since the time immemorial. I feel blessed to come and seek blessings of the great ruler for my son's wedding,\" said Ambalal Chunara, father of Santosh Chunara, whose wedding invite was written on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720761", "title": "MoU between army, builder signed after my tenure in Pune, says Thamburaj", "text": "PUNE: A day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) conducted searches at his residence in connection with the lease of a prime defence land in the Pune cantonment area to a construction firm, former army vice chief of staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj on Wednesday claimed that the memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the army and the builder was signed a month after he left for Delhi on his new assignment.Thamburaj said in an email statement to TOI on Wednesday, \"In the instant case, no defence land has been transferred to any builder during my tenure in Southern Command. The sanction for the construction of this building was given well before my tenure.\"On Tuesday, the CBI had raided Thamburaj's residence following a complaint by Army Headquarters, New Delhi, that Thamburaj, who was then chief of the Southern Command in Pune, and former defence officer S R Nayyar unduly favoured the firm, Kalpataru Builders, in the lease of a bungalow on defence land to the builder. The complaint has been registered for offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct.A CBI release had said, \"Lt Gen Thamburaj and Nayyar, by ignoring existing rules and policies and violating the terms of lease entered into by the ministry of defence , caused pecuniary advantage to Kalpataru Builders to the tune of Rs 46 crores without any public interest.\"In his statement, Thambudefence land adjacent to MG Road in Pune cantonment and was reserved for married officers' accommodation,\" the release stated.\"The original lessee had transferred the property to Kalpataru Builders, who wanted to develop it for commercial use, violating the terms of lease, leading to series of litigation. The Bombay High Court and the Supreme Court had passed judgments favourable to the Army,\" the release added.\"However, instead of implementing court orders, an 'out of court' settlement grossly disadvantageous to the Army was arrived at. The army, pursuant to its policy of zero tolerance to corruption, carried out an inquiry and handed over these cases to the CBI for investigation and prosecution of the guilty,\" the release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "11721150", "title": "Unhappy Cong workers protest outside AICC", "text": "New Delhi/Noida: Dissent amongst Congress workers in Gautam Budh Nagar district has reached a new high. Party members assembled in protest outside the All India Congress Comittee ( AICC) office in Delhi on Wednesday to protest over the delay in choosing a candidate for the Dadri constituency and for fielding Dr VS Chauhan for the Noida assembly seat.Congress workers said that they were being sidelined by the party and the decision to field Dr VS Chauhan was the primary cause for the dissent. The fact that the party has not declared a candidate for the significant Dadri assembly seat has only added to this feeling of discontent within the party, explained workers. \"With no Dadri candidate being declared, we are here to discuss with the party the reasons behind it. We are staging a protest out of utter desperation. We don't wish to be sidelined in spite of working for a number of years for the party,\" said Virender Singh Guddu, a party worker.The situation still continues to be tense in Noida after the choice of Dr VS Chauhan as a candidate for Noida. \"He is a complete outsider and doesn't have an idea about the city. He's not very well known and knows nothing about state politics. We feel that he's not the right candidate for the post,\" said another party worker.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720518", "title": "Same issues, but clash of vision", "text": "PUNE: Public transport, slums, biodiversity parks, garbage and water supply are issues that both the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress have raised, each with a different perspective making it a fight between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy and NCP leader Ajit Pawar's vision for the city.Concern for an efficient public transport is at the core of electoral meetings of both parties. But the similarity ends here. Both parties have opposing stands on the metro and BRTS projects and have locked horns over the proposed BDP.The Congress has promised to approve the BDP plan and allow some construction-a plan the NCP has strongly opposed. Both also trade charges over garbage and water supply problems in the city.\"These are issues voters should think about while voting,\" said Chavan. His deputy said, \"We were not able to implement any major project because we did not have the majority. This time, give us full power and we will change the face of the city.\"(A) MetroNCP: \"We are firm on the underground metro after the experience of the elevated metro in Mumbai and Pune should not repeat the mistake. Besides other considerations, an elevated metro would create immense noise pollution. We should look for a sustainable option and implement an underground metro,\" Ajit Pawar said at the NCP's election campaign last week. \"You don't have to worry about the cost factor. I am state finance minister and we can seek funds from the Centre. We will seek a loan from the World Bank , if necessary,\" Pawar added. NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan who played a crucial role in changing Pawar's mind said the party is committed to a 'sustainable transport system' in Pune.Congress: \"We will go by experts' suggestions and implement the metro as per the DMRC report,\" chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Tuesday. \"The city faces a major traffic problem and the metro is must for the city,\" he added. Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed said the Congress is committed to executing the metro as per the DMRC report. \"We are not in the race to take credit. We are concerned about the city's transport issues. One of the first works that Congress will do if it comes to power is to execute the metro projects as per the DMRC. We are for the underground metro where DMRC has suggested it. However, we cannot ask for an overhaul of the entire project,\" he added.(B) BRTSNCP: \"BRTS was a failure because of the adamant stand by some people. The project was not implemented properly. Our MP Supriya Sule and city chief Vandana Chavan visited Ahmedabad to study that transport system. We will have to overhaul the entire project,\" Pawar said. NCP MP Supriya Sule said, \"There are many issues in the BRTS project which are not resolved and hence we need to talk to people who are affected by the project\".Congress: \"Our party has released funds for the transport projects and we will ensure that all ongoing projects are completed,\" Chavan said. City Congress chief Abhay Chhajed said they would not go against the BRTS as government funds had been used for it. \"Those playing politics have deliberately defamed the project and created a misunderstanding in citizens. Once in power, we will go ahead with the BRTS,\" he added.( C) RoadsNCP: \"In the last five years we have changed the road situation in the city. Five years ago, people coming to Pune criticized the poor road conditions and Pune became famous as a city of potholes. Today, the city has good roads. We want to have new roads,\" Pawar said.Congress: \"The bad road campaign in 2007 was part of a political agenda to defame the Congress. It is fact that Congress has laid all new road networks in the city. The NCP should show work done on this issue,\" countered Chhajed.( D) City slumsNCP: Pawar breathed fire at the Congress for its 'use and throw' policy towards slum dwellers. \"All their slum projects have failed. They use slums as vote banks,\" said Pawar. He added that the ongoing Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) schemes should be implemented.Congress: \"There can't be a single approach to get rid off slums. The Union government has introduced Rajiv Awas Yojana and other schemes. We want to make Pune slum free,\" Chavan fielded.(E) BDPNCP: \"Successive chief ministers kept the Development Plan for merged villages pending for more than seven years. The present chief minister approved the plan half-heartedly. The city's lungs (biodiversity parks) must be protected and farmers whose land will be acquired should get a good compensation,\" said Pawar.Congress: \"The Congress-led government has approved the DP and we are looking into practical solutions for BDP,\" said Chavan.(F) Garbage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11721025", "title": "Big plans for forgotten road", "text": "HOWRAH: A major change in traffic flow is being planned in Howrah to ease its notorious chaos. This is one of the priorities for the new commissionerate that came into place in September last year. A lot of attention is being paid to Grand Foreshore Road and Foreshore Road.Foreshore Road could be opened to two-way traffic and might also get a large number of new local bus routes.Diverting all Kona Expressway-bound buses, goods vehicles and cars to Grand Foreshore Road is on top of the police list. Once this is done, vehicles can move to Grand Foreshore Road immediately after coming down from Howrah bridge. Similarly, taxis and other private vehicles headed to the centre or the south of Kolkata will be diverted to Grand Foreshore Road.\"We need clearances from the railways, which should not be a problem,\" said Ajey Ranade, Howrah commissioner. He reasoned that lack of proper signages has kept Grand Foreshore Road \"hidden\" from public view. Lack of proper traffic planning has kept this important road unutilised though the PWD has kept it in perfect condition.\"This diversion would mean that more than 60% vehicles will no longer take Bankim Setu and the congestion prone Howrah Sadar junction that has at least five of the city's most important administrative buildings. Bankim Setu is also a weak structure. If we are able to ease off the load, its life will increase,\" said DC, traffic, Akhilesh Chaturvedi.Plans are on to build a long distance bus terminus near Tikiapara so that these over sized vehicles do not move into Howrah Maidan at all. This will also ease traffic movement at Maidan at a time when construction of East West Metro Railway is in progress.The police and regional transport authority agree that it is not enough to just open up a road and increase utilisation of another. New local bus routes are required and this is being worked out. \"The area is gradually developing into a residential locality. Naturally the demand for public transport is increasing. Routes will have to be sanctioned according to necessity,\" said RTO Kalyan Mukherjee.The KMDA has started a beautification project along Grand Foreshore Road. Promenades, manicured greenery and food courts will dot the road. \"It will be easy finishing the project along this road because of the relatively less traffic. It will indeed be a showpiece. If the district administration opens it up to public transport, it will be a dream ride along the Hooghly,\" said Vivek Bhardwaj, CEO of KMDA.The railways are also looking forward to putting Grand Foreshore Road to use. \"We are collaborating with the new commissionerate on several traffic issues and this will be one more,\" said DRM, Howrah, Parthasarathi Mondal.Long distance bus drivers also seem keen on this changeover. Ganesh Mondal, who drives on the Ghatal route, said: \"We lose more than an hour trying to cross over to Foreshore Road and then Kona Expressway. We don't need to crawl to Foreshore Road via Howrah Sadar,\" he said.The issue of law and order is already being addressed. Patrol squads have been deployed to reassure residents. \"A lot of people, especially women, kids and old people visit the Telkal and Ramkrishnapur Ghat to watch aarti in the evenings. They should be able to move freely till late in the evening and we will ensure that,\" Ranade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725288", "title": "Senior cop to probe Puri teen's 'rape &amp; murder'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Following a complaint of police inaction on the alleged rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl at Chandanpur in Puri district, the Orissa Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Wednesday directed the Puri SP to assign a senior police officer to inquire into the matter.The direction followed a petition filed by the girl's father at the commission's office here on Tuesday. \"The SP was asked to submit a report within three weeks,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra said.Niranjan Patra, a resident of Seulitota in Puri district, had complained to the commission that his daughter was raped and murdered but police under \"political pressure\" had not yet arrested the culprits. Patra said he had met several key people such as minister and an MLA from the district, home secretary and a former Puri SP, but in vain. In his petition (a copy of which is with TOI), he even accused the minister of influencing police to hush up the case.The alleged incident took place on March 29, 2011, when the girl's body was found in a pond after she had been missing for three days. \"Though police registered a case, but they did not arrest any one. The medical report was manipulated showing she died by drowning in the pond,\" the girl's father alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726669", "title": "Sharman\u2019s historic innings at Lords!", "text": "Vidhu Vinod Chopra's forthcoming film has created history of sorts for it has been shot at Lords Cricket ground, known to be the Mecca of Cricket.Chopra's 'Ferrari Ki Sawaari' was shot there after the team managed to take permission for the same. The film is apparently the first film to have been shot there!Our source revealed, \"Ferrari Ki Sawaari, is the first Indian move that has ever been shot on the famed Ground. The Lords Cricket Ground in London is probably the most prestigious and the most reputed of all cricket venues in the world, so it is of little wonder that getting permission to shoot there was a task!The 'home of cricket' was obtained for shoots with great difficulty and the crew had permission for just two days. A lot had to be packed into these two days. Everything had been planned and well scheduled. However, the crew had just one primary concern - that it would start raining. This would cost the team two very precious days and another long process of getting permission for Lords. However, the Rain Gods showered their blessings on the crew - not quite literally! On both days, it started raining right after pack-up and the skies would clear right before the shot had to be taken. Thus the shoot was completed peacefully.\"Ferrari Ki Sawaari is directed by Rajesh Mapuskar, starring Sharman Joshi and Boman Irani. The film was in news for Sachin Tendulkar's alleged cameo which the mestro has denied. The film will also have Vidya Balan's item song!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722617", "title": "HC orders police cover for hospital", "text": "KOCHI: Police should afford protection at Lakeshore Hospital, where nursing staff are on strike to facilitate normal functioning, the Kerala high court ordered on Wednesday.Nurses and nursing students across the country are conducting flash strikes for minimum wages and better working conditions as well as against the common practice among hospital managements to detain professional degree certificates as a way to ensure conformity to employment conditions.The division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice PR Ramachandran Menon didn't agree with Lakeshore Hospital's plea for an order to prevent the nurses from engaging in strikes.Noticing that the director of the hospital who filed the petition for police protection was a doctor, the bench asked why Indian Medical Association is not supporting the strike while they extended support to a similar strike by doctors before. Meanwhile, managements of National Hospital at Kozhikode and Kolenchery Medical College Hospital have also approached the high court with petitions requesting police protection against nursing strikes. These petitions will be heard by the court on Thursday.Nursing strike, which is going on at different private hospitals in the State, is continuing as managements have refused to accept the demands put forward by the agitators. Lakeshore Hospital has also recruited around 50 nurses more to counter the shortage of staff due to the ongoing strike.Though United Nurses Association (UNA) and the Trained Nurses Association of India asked the Labour Department to step in to settle the issues, their demands were refused by Labour Minister Shibu Baby John.In a ruling that set a precedent in the legal scenario in India, the Kerala high court had ordered for payment of minimum wages for nurses on January 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720769", "title": "Indian, Chinese navies unite to tackle piracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and China have quietly taken a major step in their military ties, with both sides agreeing to carry out coordinated military activity in international waters.According to Navy sources, India, China and Japan, the three independent patrollers against piracy, have started coordinated patrolling in the piracy infested waters off Horn of Africa to improve efficacy of their operations.All other nations patrolling the waters in the region operate under one of the three international task forces - Combined Task Force 150, Combined Task Force 151 and EU Naval Task Force operating under Operation Atalanta.According to Navy sources, the three countries are carrying out coordinated patrolling with the assistance of Shared Awareness and Deconfliction (SHADE), a coordination mechanism for all counter-piracy operations which meets every three months. SHADE operates out of Bahrain .This is the first time that India and China are coordinating in a military operation, other than their agreements for peace along the Line of Actual Control and bilateral exercises. According to Navy sources, China and Japan have two ships each deployed for patrolling while India has one.SHADE has already worked out the full quarter's deployment for the three countries and their five ships. This will help in plugging huge gaps that exist in anti-piracy patrolling, sources said. The three countries agreed to the arrangement after realizing that there were big gaps in patrolling of the area, and many merchant vessels were moving about unescorted. The gaps were also responsible for continuing piracy, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722161", "title": "Lax cops fail to avert 3rd attack on girl in 3 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The 22-year-old woman who had acid thrown on her at Goregaon railway station on Tuesday evening had been attacked for the third time in three months. Shockingly, the police did little after the first attack in November, letting Aarti Thakur leave the Malwani police station with just a certificate for a lost cellphone.The Malwani police said they had categorically asked Aarti if she wanted to file a case after the first attack , but the girl didn't want to after she was coaxed by her then landlady Manju Shaikh to drop the idea. Aarti's mother, Seema Thakur , told TOI that the November attack was brutal, leaving Aarti needing 16 stitches to her cheeks and upper lips.Aarti received the stitches before going to the police station, Seema said, adding that the cops told Aarti it was probably just a matter of a chain snatching bid.On Nov 9, 2011, Aarti Thakur , a 22-year-old receptionist with an IT firm in Goregaon (W), was slashed with a razor blade on her face. She suffered injuries that required 16 stitches Mid-Jan 2012: Aarti was slashed on her neck and left ear from behind with a barber's razor January 31: Acid flung on Aarti while she was speaking to her fiance on phone at Goregaon station. She sustained injuries on her face, chest and arms In all the three attacks, Aarti says she did not see the face of the attacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11722450", "title": "ZP, PS poll scene hots up in Wardha", "text": "Wardha: The final scene for civic polls emerged on Monday with 389 candidates in zilla parishad and 694 in pachayat samiti remaining in the fray.Strange situations have emerged mainly due to confusion over finalizing tickets. Sawangi is a stronghold of Congress MP Datta Meghe but the Congress withdrew its candidate in support of ally Bharip-Bahujan Mahasangh (BBM).Sources said that the state leaders from Mumbai informed the election officer at Wardha through a fax that Sawangi had been allotted to its ally. But the fax did not reach the office by 3pm deadline. Following this, the BBM candidate also withdrew his application form, leaving no candidate of Congress-ally in the fray. Bharip has now decided to support independent candidate Anil Waghmare.A similar situation emerged in Sawangi Vagh in Hinganghat where no NCP candidate can fight election after the final list was out. NCP had given AB form to RPI candidate who filed his nomination as an independent. Due to the alleged differences among ticket distributors of NCP, the seat of Kora in Samudrapur is in news.Two candidates filed nominations after getting NCP's AB forms separately. Nominations of some candidates from different parties at Kelzar, Pohana, Anji, Pardi and Mhasala ZP were rejected.Shyam Gaikwad, who had unsuccessfully contested MLA election from Wardha three times, has filed nomination for ZP as a BJP candidate. Now he is trying luck in ZP election. BJP president Nitin Gadkari campaigned in the region on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719999", "title": "Rs 200cr? SoBo has Rs 63cr cure for Pedder Road woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens have begun submitting alternate plans for large infrastructure projects. After residents of western suburbs prepared a different design for the proposed underground metro, resident architects and planners from SoBo are coming up with cheaper solutions for the haunting Pedder Road crisis.Led by senior architect and Pedder Road resident Shirish Patel, the transport planners-Ashok Datar, Trupti Amritwar and Sudhir Patil- proposed to the state government two underpasses at the Haji Ali Square and Cadbury Junction, besides a flexible divider on the Prem Puri Square-Chowpatty stretch. The \"cheaper, environment-friendly and long-term solutions\" have been submitted to the state's Mumbai transformation support unit (MTSU).At Haji Ali, where the city gets the heaviest traffic of about 1.4 lakh vehicles a day, the planners have suggested 4-lane underpasses for traffic from Worli (near Lala Lajpatrai College), bifurcating at the square with two lanes towards Tardeo and another two towards Cadbury Junction for south-bound traffic. At Cadbury Junction, the underpass will take care of north-bound traffic from Chowpatty, towards Haji Ali. It will be a two-lane underpass crossing the Bhulabhai Desai Road-Pedder Road junction at Cadbury. Both locations will have shallow pedestrian underpasses across roads without intersecting the main vehicular underpass.An inital study suggested that cars form a major part (86%) of traffic on Pedder Road and take over 61% space. Around 65% traffic on Pedder Road came from Marine Drive, the rest from Warden Road and Opera House.\"Passage for cars would require only 2.5 metres height, against 5.5 metres for flyovers and thus a shorter ramp length. Shorter, cheaper, narrower underpasses can help improve traffic speed by 25%. The 40-minute signal time will come down to 14 minutes,\" the team claimed.The government is taking up a proposal for two small flyovers on either side of Pedder Road (Haji Ali-Cadbury and Prem Puri Square-Chowpatty), expected to cost Rs 100-120 crore. While the earlier 4.7-km Pedder Road flyover will cost over Rs 200 crore, the underpass and lane-fixing will cost only Rs 63 crore.For Prem Puri Square, where the road bifurcates for Chowpatty and Opera House, the SoBo planners suggest flexible dividers for the over 1-km stretch. Since Pedder Road is five-lane, the road to Chowpatty in the morning can be three-lane and north-bound can remain two-lane. In the evening, it will be vice versa. This can also be done between Jaslok Hospital and the Kemps Corner flyover. The entire plan will cost not more than Rs 2 crore.\"Our traffic count at Prem Puri Junction the ratio of peak to off-peak direction traffic is 2:1, meaning, we can use the 'three lanes-two lanes' and 'two lanes-three lanes' combination between morning and evening from Jaslok to Kemps Corner flyover and from the flyover till Marine Drive,\" the planners said. \"We can remove the concrete centre line on the road and put a movable, light-weight fence locked in bolsters, and shift it so that we can use all five lanes fully and most efficiently,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720224", "title": "Govt seeks interim report on Adarsh", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress-NCP government on Wednesday urged the Adarsh commission of inquiry to submit an interim report, preferably before the beginning of the legislature's budget session.\"We will like to bring to the notice of the commission that the budget session of the legislature is going to begin on March 15, 2012, when the issue regarding the progress of the inquiry is likely to be raised. Since the honorable commission has held intensive inquiry sessions with several witnesses, it is requested to submit its interim report to the state government on the issues included in the terms of references of inquiry,\" K P Bakshi, principal secretary, general administration department, said in a brief letter to the commission.Bakshi, in his letter addressed to Justice J A Patil, the commission's chairman, and P Subramanian, former chief secretary and commission member, brought to their notice that during the winter session of the state legislature held in December 2011, there was a debate on the probe and the general concern expressed by the members was to expedite the inquiry.In the wake of a series of reports in TOI, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had asked the then chief minister Ashok Chavan (his successor Prithviraj Chavan on January 8, 2011 set up a two-member commission to probe into all aspects of allotment of land to the housing society) if the land belonged to the state government and if there was reservation for Kargil war heroes. It was expected that the commission would submit its report in three months. But the term of the commission was first extended by three months, then six months and now till May 31, 2012.\"It is understood that the (question on the) evidence of ownership of land and if there was reservation for Kargil war heroes is over. As per the terms of reference, the honorable commission has the powers to submit an interim report concerning such matter or matters referred in the terms of reference as it may deem fit... it is requested to submit the interim report,\" Bakshi said.Though there was no response from commission secretary N H Kumbhar, apparently the commission had taken the view that it might not be possible for it to submit such a report to the government. At that time, Kumbhar had declined to comment on the interim report proposal on the grounds that in the absence of official communication from the government, it was not appropriate for him to comment.So far, the commission has questioned former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak and former bureaucrats Subhash Lala and Ramanand Tiwari. It will soon record statements of former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan.Since the CBI has registered a criminal case against 14 persons against Phatak and Ashok Chavan, Prithviraj Chavan has knocked at the doors of for an interim report.\"The commission was noncommittal on submitting an interim report. Under the circumstances, the CM had no option but to approach defence minister A K Antony for a report. The CM has urged Antony to step in and seek a report from the CBI on the probe,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "deoria", "code": "11724695", "title": "UP needs change: Sonia", "text": "DEORIA: Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday kicked off her UP poll campaign on a belligerent note. \"The state needs a change,\" she said taking to task the BJP, BSP and SP for their 'misrule' in state that has stymied its growth.In a symbolic gesture, the Congress president chose to begin her UP campaign from Deoria, the district which was once a part of the 'Koshal rajya', a prime centre of ancient Arya culture. The importance of the place is such that even Mahatma Gandhi addressed public meetings in Deoria and Padrauna in 1920 and exhorted the people to overthrow the oppressive British Raj.\"Kisi bhi baat ki jab had ho jati hai, to stithi badalti hai. Pradesh parivartan chahata hai, naya savera, naya sapna aur naya bhavishya, vartman vyavastha badalni hi chahiye (The situation changes when the limits are crossed. The state needs a change, a new dawn, new dreams and new future. The present situation needs to be changed),\" said Sonia while addressing an impressive gathering at the Government Inter College ground on Wednesday afternoon.In her 10-minute speech, Sonia not only highlighted the Centrally-sponsored programmes and schemes for the state, but also targeted the Bahujan Samaj Party , the Samajwadi Party and the Bharatiya Janata Party holding them responsible for the miseries of the state's people and the prevailing situation.\"For the past many years, it is being felt that responsible and accountable politics has been overlooked in UP,\" she said adding that the glory of UP has continued to fade in the past 20-22 years. \"It is unfortunate to hear that UP, which was once among the pioneering states of the country, is today lagging behind in all aspects,\" she said.She added that in the last two decades, many states of the country prospered and gained new heights, but UP has been destroyed by those who formed governments during this period.\"SP, BSP and BJP, sabhi ke naam alag-alag hain, lekin sabka kam ek jaisa hai aur unke kamon ka natija ek jaisa hai, (SP, BJP and BSP, all have different names, but their roles are similar and the result of their work is the same),\" she charged.\"What did they give to the state? she asked. \"The citizens have been deprived of their rights, youths have become unemployed, farmers have not got fertilizers, women and poor were not safe, farming land has been acquired for building malls,\" Sonia said adding that law and order and civic amenities like road, power and water were in a pathetic condition. Those who raised voice against corruption and crime, had to face grave consequences,\" she added.\"Hum UP ka gaurav wapas lana chahate hain, humara sapna vikas aur nirman hai, (We want to restore UP's lost glory),\" she said adding, \"While other parties are eyeing power, the Congress is looking forward to solving them. They are thinking only about themselves, the Congress is worried for all.\"She said the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre treated all the states alike and provided financial assistance without any partiality. She raised some questions. \"For development and public welfare, we have given more than Rs One lakh crore to UP, but what happened? How many factories have been established? How many canals have been constructed and what measures have been taken for flood control and other natural calamities? \"While the terror of mafia elements has flourished, the people of Poorvanchal have continued to migrate to other paces in search of livelihood,\" she said.Highlighting the Centrally-sponsored schemes like the MGNREGA and the NRHM, she said that the funds of these schemes \"went to the pockets of the corrupt.\" \"When the Poorvanchal was reeling under dreaded encephalitis, the state health system was maintaining its own health only,\" she said and concluded her speech with an appeal tot eh people - \"vote for Congress for change\".Sonia arrived over two hours late at the meeting venue. The meeting was also addressed by UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi and other Congress leaders and candidates contesting from different assembly constituencies of the district.The Congress candidates contesting from Rudrapur, Deora, Pathardeva, Rampur Karkhana, Bhatpur Rani, Salempur (SC) and Barhaj are Akhilesh Pratap Singh, J P Jaiswal, Suyash Mani, Anand Yadav, Brinda Kushwaha, Ramadhar Prasad and Virendra Chaudhary respectively.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720650", "title": "NRG to set up country's 1st solar desalination plant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Perry Mehta, only Gujarati awarded in the White House for entrepreneur skills last year, is setting up the country's first solar plant to desalinate sea water in Surat.Mehta, founder of FutureNet - IT service provider and environment technology firm, is the only Gujarati-origin business person recognized as the 50 most outstanding Asian-American businessmen by US Asian American Chamber.\"This honour came to me as being a Gujarati and having stayed in Ahmedabad - a business capital of the state for 22 years has bestowed me with the rarest of entrepreneur spirits which always backed me for achieving higher business goals,\" said Detroit-based businessman Mehta, who was recently honoured by the US Small Business Administration (SBA) as Small Minority Business Person of the Year.He was honoured with the title at the awards ceremony that took place in August last year at the White House, during Minority Economic Development Week (MED Week).Mehta's firm, which he set up in 2003, was honoured by SBA as a recession-proof company and is recognized as the fastest growing top 10 companies in the US by Harvard Business School , Boston.It is listed among the top 50 companies to watch for in Michigan. Mehta, who holds two US patents for environment technology of desalination, earned a bachelor of science in civil engineering from Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology (SVNIT) in Surat.\"As I respect the institute that gave me basic technological skills, today, I have come back to them with an offer of partnership in a business model.In a joint venture, my firm, along with SVNIT's research and technological aid, is setting up country's first salt water desalination plant in Surat which would be operational by June this year. It will be set up at an investment of Rs 3.5 crore.This small-size plant would desalinate one lakh litres of sea water daily and turn it into drinking water using solar energy.\"Futurenet group was listed in 2008 among 5,000 fastest growing private companies in America. \"After I set up the business in 2003, the firm was listed as best small business in Michigan in 2006,\" said Mehta.\"Consistent growth of more than 100% in revenue and employment generation for last five years earned us the best small minority business by SBA,\" said Mehta.\"My firm has been able to achieve this business target because as a Gujarati doing good business is in my genes.\"Keen business sense that I have inherited from my city and state has helped me diversify towards futuristic environmental technology business,\" Mehta added.Mehta is actively involved in the American Society of Engineers of Indian Origin (ASEI) whose objectives are career and business guidance, and he is the founding director of the Michigan Emerging Business Association, which provides opportunities for minority contractors. Mehta's community involvements and donations in Detroit are many. But he is especially proud of his contributions to a new Hindu temple in Canton, Michigan, and the fact that in 1994 he helped introduce IT educational programs in 20 schools in Ahmedabad which run even today and provide computer education to more than 20,000 students each year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11725390", "title": "Award for bank chief", "text": "MYSORE: C Basavegowda, president, Mysore and Chamarajanagar District Co-operative Central Bank Ltd have been selected for the Bharath Vikas Rathna award by the All India Business Development Association, New Delhi.The award is given to those who have rendered outstanding services in public life. Besides working as the director of the bank for the past 17 years and as president for six years, he is in the Board of Directors of Karnataka Apex Bank and Karnataka State Finance Corporation. He is also the recipient of Sahakara Rathna award in 2010. Basavegowda will receive the Bharath Vikas Rathna award at Speaker Hall, Constitution Club of India, Vithal Bhai Patel House, near Sanchar Bhavan, New Delhi, on February 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11721166", "title": "Cast ballot without voter ID", "text": "Noida: There is good news for those who have not received their electoral photo ID cards from the administration. The voter ID card is no more a prerequisite for casting your ballot, at least in the three constituencies of Gautam Budh Nagar of Noida, Dadri and Jewar during the upcoming UP assembly polls.The Election Commission has allowed the use of alternate documents like driving licenses and PAN cards as long as one possesses the voter slip that will be handed to residents five days prior to the polls.District electoral officer Hirdesh Kumar, who is also the district magistrate, said that the EC has allowed 14 other valid documents that voters can use to exercise their franchise. \"Mere possession of a voter ID card is not enough to cast one's ballot as even their names have to be mentioned in the electoral rolls supplied to the polling booths. If a voter's name is on the list, then, as per the directions of the EC, documents like driving license, PAN card, student's college ID card, SC/ST card, widow's certificate, ration card, copy of current bank account, bank pass book, passport, arm's license, etc can be used to prove one's identity,\" Kumar said. \"However, only the originals of the permitted documents would be accepted and not photocopies,\" he added.The move comes as a relief to several residents who have not yet obtained their photo identity cards to vote in the assembly elections and are still running from pillar to post in order to obtain them from the administration. \"I have still not received my voter ID card, but after the EC order at least now I will be able to vote as my name is mentioned in the voters' list,\" said Surendra Singh from sector 50.Meanwhile, as per the directions of the EC, the voter's slip would be issued just five days before the polls. \"Booth Level Officers will be going house-to-house to distribute the same,\" said Kumar. \"This time the voter slips will not be available to the electorate outside the polling booths,\" he added.The DM also informed that on the day of the nomination on February 8, only five people including the candidate will be allowed in the returning officer's office to witness the nomination process for the elections. \"The candidates can only bring three vehicles within the radius of 100 metres of the office of the RO and ARO, and not more than five people will be allowed to enter the office including the candidate,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721348", "title": "Locals to visit Anjediva today sans Navy nod", "text": "MARGAO: Despite not being allowed to celebrate the historic feast of Nossa Senhora de Brotas (Our Lady of Springs) at Anjediva Island off Karwar on grounds of security consideration, the faithful from Galgiabaga, Canacona, are preparing to visit the island on Thursday.\"We are going to try and visit the island on February 2 to exercise our right to celebrate the feasts-Nossa Senhora das Brotas on Thursday and St Francis of Assisi on October 4-and lodge a formal protest with the Navy for refusing to allow celebrations,\" said social activist Godfrey Gonsalves.The Navy authorities have denied locals access to the island \"due to the heightened security scenario in the country and the coastal region in particular\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720031", "title": "'Tree-top thieves' leave cops in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: For the past two weeks the Bhandup police have been going on a wild goose chase after locals made hoax calls to the police control room claiming they saw thieves hiding atop a (90-ft high) coconut tree or running on the roof of houses in Bhandup and breaking the roof.The latest drama of hoax calls received by the police control room lasted over an hour and a half when a caller made 10 calls between 7.55am and 8.45am on Tuesday, complaining that the Bhandup police are not taking action despite being informed that a thief was hiding atop of a coconut tree.Taking the matter seriously, control room officials asked Bhandup police to call the fire brigade to check the locality at Shivaji Talao in Bhandup (West) where more than 20 coconut trees are found. \"Snorkel (18-storey) ladders reached the spot and the trees were thoroughly searched for an hour, but nothing was found. The locals seemed happy seeing all the activity,\" the police said. But when nobody was found, the locals grumbled and alleged that the police were too lazy and did not want to do their duty.\"Despite the hue and cry about having seen thieves, none of the locals has come forward to lodge a complaint. These are all rumours. They want to harass the police, who have been continuously raiding and combing the locality, blocking all escape routesmaking the criminals unable to escape,\" Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda told TOI on Wednesday.The calls are mostly made from PCOs, occasionally from mobile phones. \"When the callers are identified and summoned to the police station to explain the hoax calls, they give lame excuses to avoid turning up,\" Nadguada said. \"The prank calls, going on for the last 14 days, are the handiwork of locals. The motive is unclear but seeing the series of raids on criminals, the mischief is now spreading to neighbouring Mulund and Parksite in Vikhroli (West). When locals are questioned they point fingers at others, claiming they made the call after someone shouted on seeing a suspicious person,\" he said. The increasing number of calls is keeping cops on their toes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11723204", "title": "On Day 1, 8 banks sealed as part of Noida drive", "text": "NOIDA: Two days after it had issued a \"final notice\" asking commercial units to stop operating from residential plots in the city, the Noida Authority cracked the whip on Wednesday and sealed 11 properties in sector 19, including eight branches of public and private banks.Around 10.30am, a team headed by Noida's administrative officer Deep Chandra swooped down on a branch of a private bank. Finding it already closed to public, it obtained an affidavit from the manager stating that the bank was closed and in the process of shifting operations.Next on the list was a PSU bank, which was found to be conducting its business and was sealed immediately after getting all employees and customers to vacate the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720760", "title": "Nursery: Draw of lots edges out EWS quota", "text": "New Delhi: While most schools announced the names of children selected for nursery class in the general category on Wednesday, candidates from the economically weaker section may have to wait longer. A day after the Delhi high court fixed distance as a compulsory criterion for admission under the EWS quota, many schools went ahead and conducted a draw of lots for admitting children.However, the HC order on Tuesday that children residing within a radius of one kilometer should be admitted first, has put many schools in a fix. So while some have postponed their admission process for EWS candidates to factor in the change, other schools have decided to go ahead without it.\"We have already done our lottery in a very transparent way and parents of EWS candidates knew if their child got through or not. But we had to postpone the declaration of the final list after the court order came in. I have written to the state education minister and the chief minister to ask what we should do now. Imagine the plight of the parents,\" said Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales School, Pusa Road.All private schools have to reserve 25% seats for EWS candidates at the entry level. The HC made it clear that if seats in the EWS quota remain vacant, schools can increase the distance limit to 3 km and 6 km subsequently. So far schools had been following guidelines issued by the directorate of education which allowed them to follow the same distance criteria for EWS admissions as had been fixed for the general category. State education minister, Arvinder Singh, remained unavailable for comment.Several schools have also decided to go ahead with the admissions till further orders. \"There is confusion on this matter but we are going ahead with EWS admissions as per DoE guidelines for now,\" said Ashutosh Batta, principal, Bloom Public School, Vasant Kunj. \"The judgment has come too late. We have already carried out the admission process for this year,\" R C Shekhar, director, Gyan Bharati School, Saket said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11723996", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor's loss, Prateik Babbar's gain", "text": "Everyone is talking about the sizzling chemistry between Liverpool lass Amy Jackson and Mumbai ka chokra Prateik Babbar.Unlike other fake 'encounter specialists' which emerge everytime a new pair is introduced in a love story, the Amy-Prateik chemistry in 'Ek Deewana Tha' is for real.The entire unit vouches for the twosome being absolutely smitten with one another. Do we see Smita Patil smiling down from heaven?Says director Gautham Menon, \"Our film is getting a positive vibe. People are saying the lead pair is looking good together.\"And to think it could have been Ranbir Kapoor romancing Amy in 'Ek Deewana Tha'. Gautham Menon is one of Tamil cinema's leading lights of filmmaking. But in Mumbai Ranbir Kapoor doesn't know him, nor wish to work with him.Apparently when Menon wished to approach Ranbir for his new Hindi film, the star refused to meet him.Embarrassed to talk about his failure to connect with the Kapoor star the hurt and angry Menon, who has worked with the likes of Kamal Haasan, Madhavan and Suriya in the South, finally admits, \"Ranbir was my first choice for 'Ek Deewana Tha'. I tried to get in touch in with. Forget about meeting Ranbir. I couldn't even meet his secretary. Yes, even the secretary refused to meet me.\"This is when Gautham turned away, his pride and dignity seriously challenged, to sign Prateik for the film.Says Menon, \"One reason why I've taken 11 years to make my second Hindi film is because I am comfortable working with the stars in the South, as they are with me. In Mumbai, I feel like a stranger. In fact I've had a number of offers to direct Hindi films. Vipul Shah wanted me to do the Hindi adaptation of my film 'Kaakha Kaakha'. I declined the offer. Nishikant Kamat directed the remake 'Force'.\"Now after his bitter experience with Ranbir Menon has become even more wary of Mumbai and its stars.Menon can take solace in company. Increasingly a wide spectrum of director are complaining about how inaccessible Ranbir has become.Sudhir Mishra wanted to cast Ranbir in 'Driver' . He's been waiting for months for a meeting. Raj Kumar Santoshi wanted to do a sequel to 'Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani' with Ranbir. Katrina Kaif was willing. Ranbir was not.Incidentally, Ranbir loves romancing half-foreigners on screen: Katrina Kaif in 'Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani', Sarah Thompson in 'Raajneet' and Nargis Fakhri in 'Rockstar'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11726700", "title": "2G scam: SC judgement no indictment of UPA, BJP must apologise to nation for causing huge loss, says Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing the view that the Supreme Court's judgement cancelling 122 2G licences was an indictment, telecom minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday said the government will move forward in the issue after regulator TRAI make its recommendations.\"There is no indictment of the Prime Minister or the then finance minister ( P Chidambaram) in the Supreme Court's judgement. If there is any indictment it is the 2003 policy (first-come, first-serve) of the NDA government and we only followed it,\" he told a press conference shortly after the Supreme Court judgement on the issue.The government will abide by the judgement that spectrum should be auctioned which, he said, the ministry has done by delinking spectrum from the licence in 2011 after he took over.He said the UPA only followed the policy of the NDA government of FCFS, which has been declared discriminatory by the apex court. The BJP , therefore, must apologise to the nation for causing huge loss to the government.Asked about the implications of the judgement on the companies like Telenor of Norway and Sistema of Russion who have pumped huge money to roll out services, the minister said any aggrieved corporate can approach the court for relief.The confusion has been removed and clarity has been brought in the sector and this help in getting investments in the important sector.While blaming the NDA for the 2003 policy which the UPA implemented, he sought to shift blame on irregularities in the manner in which it was implemented on the then telecom minister A Raja.\"The Supreme Court has clearly said that the then minister (Raja) did not heed to the good advise of both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the finance ministry,\" Sibal said.Sibal said that there was problem in implementation of the policy and \"that is why Raja is where he is\".At the same time in reply to questions he denied he was blaming Raja or UPA ally DMK. \"DMK is our valued ally and they will continue to be our valued ally,\" he said.Asked whether Chidambaram was guilty of omission by not preventing the scam, he said how can he be blamed if there was no time for him to know that some wrong was being committed.Asked whether the FCFS policy, which is also applicable in other sector like mining, could be impacted by the judgement, the minister said \"it could be.\"He, however, said that the government will not pre-empt a revision of the policy in other sectors.\"Why should we pre-empt, there are statutes in other sector, let the Supreme Court strike it down,\" he said.From now it is a new begining and the nation will attract more investments in a sector which is crying for the investments since last more than a year ever since the uncertainties engulfed this sector.About losses to the government, he said \"there is no question of loss if the policy (FCFS) is right and if the policy is faulty then you will have to calculate losses from October 2003 onward when the policy was implemented.\"Asked what lesson the government has learnt from today's judgement, Sibal said \"whichever minister is functioning, must consult everybody... and not commit any irregularity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720293", "title": "Rs 15 crore cash, jewellery seized in I-T raid", "text": "JAIPUR: The Income Tax department seized unaccounted cash amounting to Rs 15 crore and jewellery worth Rs 65 lakh from the premises of two prominent business families of Jaipur on Wednesday.More than 100 personnel of the I-T department launched a massive search on Tuesday at three residences and 12 business premises following information on undisclosed income.One of the firms where the raid took place is engaged in manufacturing electrical cables/transformers while the other is into the trading of electronic items/mobiles and running of a radio cab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723530", "title": "HC dismisses Bhushan's plea", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Wednesday dismissed a writ petition filed by senior Supreme Court lawyer and Team Anna member Shanti Bhushan.Bhushan had challenged the order of assistant stamp commissioner, dated January 6, 2012, directing him to deposit more than Rs One crore under the Stamp Act as deficiency of stamp with regard to purchase of land in Civil Lines area of Allahabad.Justice Arun Tandon dismissed the writ petition on the ground of alternative remedy available to the petitioner against the impugned order under the Indian Stamp Act.Mobile Court Van shown to Chief JusticeAllahabad: The specially manufactured Mobile Court Van was shown to the Chief Justice SR Alam and other judges of the Allahabad High Court on Wednseday. The mobile van is meant to educate the people about their legal rights and remedies.The Mobile Court Van was brought for the display of judges on the direction of the senior judge and executive chairman state legal services authority, Justice Amitava Lala.Later, the van was put on display for the litigants and the lawyers outside the court premises. The yellow color van has three compartments -- Lok Adalat court, retiring room, and a library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722620", "title": "Rs 12.50 crore plan for Vyttila Skywalk project", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration has submitted a Rs 12.50 crore plan before the road safety authority for the Vyttila Skywalk project.The project was announced by the district administration last year to contain traffic congestion at Vyttila Junction.The project that was delayed following Kochi Metro's rail alignment works and it will start again after authorities take a final call soon.Once initiated, the authorities plan to complete the 300-metre-long skywalk connecting the four roads at Vyttila Junction within a three month timeframe.The six-metre tall skywalk will bisect the flyovers that will be erected in Edappally, Pipeline, Vyttila and Kundannoor junctions. Since the skywalk will bisect the flyovers, the district administration will consult Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) and National Highway Authority of India NHAI to implement the project. District Collector PI Sheik Pareeth said that a meeting has been convened to discuss about the flyovers that will come up in the city and the project proposal is expected to be approved soon after this.\"Considering the fact that the skywalk will bisect flyovers, we have revised the plan,\" said the district collector.Earlier in September, the road safety authority chaired by chief secretary P Prabhakaran had given an in-principle approval for the project. The project will feature shopping malls, ATM counters, public toilets and security box.Vyttila Mobility Hub MD M Beena said that once the project is implemented it will benefit pedestrians. \"At present there are no facilities for pedestrians to cross the highways in the state. Once this project materializes, they can safely cross the roads at the busy junction,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722261", "title": "\u2018Acid attack gave me nightmares for years\u2019", "text": "Sewri homemaker R Mahanavar (39) can never forget the afternoon when she had acid thrown at her face. The incident happened in Pune nine years ago, but the memories of that day still haunt her.Mahanavar recounted how she had nightmares for years after the attack. \"I would wake up shivering and screaming. The injury, pain and disfigurement of my face did not let me to sleep in peace for months,\" she said.Her face was completely burnt in the attack and she developed contractures on her neck and elbow. She still cannot move her hands normally. \"Since the opening of my mouth is too narrow and I cannot eat normally, I usually avoid eating out,\" she said. Mahanavar used to feel a piercing and burning sensation under her skin till last year. \"I also have difficulty closing my eye as the skin gets pulled,\" she added.Mahanavar has been a single mother to her children after she walked out of her second marriage. This decision of her, she says, cost her everything. \"I was stepping out to buy some groceries that afternoon when my second husband came from nowhere and hurled acid at me,\" recalled Mahanavar. \"He was extremely upset that I was planning to call off the marriage after seven years. I reasoned with him several times earlier that it was not working for either of us but he refused to accept it,\" said the mother of two.Mahanavar had moved out of her second husband's house and started staying separately when the attack took place. \"He had called me several times to meet him but I always turned him down. Later, he told police that he was planning to throw acid at me in a public place,\" she said.Rekha sought treatment from Pune's Sassoon General Hospital, but the scars remain. She said she did not have the money to get the deformities corrected. Two years after the incident, she and her children moved to Mumbai to stay with her mother and brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11725123", "title": "Wipro offers jobs to 6 deaf students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is celebration time for the staff and students of the National Institute of Speech &amp; Hearing (Nish) here. Its decision to affiliate their graduate degree programmes with the Kerala University has paid off in spades.Six students from the first graduating batch of the course have been offered jobs with Wipro's Global Services Management Centre, Mysore, and also an all-paid Masters degree from BITS Pilani.\"Wipro has employed over 300 people with disability but this is the first time that it has enrolled disabled students into the Wipro Academy for Software Excellence (WASEWASE offers BSc, BCA and BCM employees the opportunity to take up an MS course in Computer Science at BITS Pilani. The students from Nish will join our other employees with a similar degree for a stipend and also pursue a career, no concessions are being offered to them,\" said Annice Joseph, senior manager, Diversity Initiative, Wipro.Nish, a venture of the Kerala State Social Welfare Department, has been offering higher educational courses since 1998 and is also running a successful three-year diploma in software system programme till 2008, which was approved by the government of Kerala.\"In 2008, Kerala University agreed to certify the degree programmes. Nish conducts two practical-oriented programmes in BSc Computer Science (Hearing Impaired) and a four-year BA Fine Arts (HI), in the sixth and eighth semesters respectively at Rs 5,000 per semester with concessions for SC/ST and scholarship students,\" said Shirly G, HoD, Degree (HI).It was during an art exhibition by the fine art students at Wipro's office in Infopark Kochi that Samuel Mathew, executive director, Nish, took the opportunity to sensitize the corporate world regarding the job options for this graduating batch of 25 students.Executives from Wipro caught on to the idea and began mentoring the batch. \"They conducted technical and English language interviews and offered jobs to six of them. They will be joining in two weeks. Companies from Technopark have also shown interest in hiring our students,\" said Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724938", "title": "With Vidya Balan, BO success guaranteed: Ayaan Ali", "text": "Ayaan Ali gets candid aboout his acting dreams, culinary skills and moreAyaan Ali, like his illustrious father, sarod maestro Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, is carrying forward the legacy of Bangash gharana with finesse. Said to be the future Grammy hope of India, Ayaan, along with his brother Amaan, has the acumen to enthral the music lovers with his eclectic brand of music, which has a divine aura and catapults the listeners to realms unimaginable. The illustrious musician gets chatty on various things under the sun...Most of your concerts are with your father Ustad Amjad Ali Khan or brother Amaan. Do you miss them when you go solo?I feel very fortunate that we as a family present various permutations and combinations of performances. Playing with Abba is a bliss and a blessing for me. Both Amaan bhai and I do numerous concerts together, but we also maintain our solo careers. Indian classical music is a very individualistic medium. So, while creating a collective bouquet has its own charm, a flower by itself also has its own beauty.You are very close to Pt Ravi Shankar's family too. Did you get to meet Anushka and her baby on her first trip to India post-motherhood?Not as yet. I wish her happiness, peace and bliss for the priceless journey of motherhood. I am 100 per cent sure that she makes a marvellous mother.Your brother recently said that he wanted to become a pilot. Did you also harbour some secret desire?I was very clear that music is where I belong. I have been into painting and do one-offs just for charity after my first exhibition in 2000. I have authored two books in 2002 and in 2010. I did have a desire to act, but it clashed with my musical journey, so I put my idiosyncrasy on a back burner.If you were to act in a film today, which actress you would want opposite you?Right now, seeing the scenario and keeping ticket sales in mind at the box office, getting to act opposite Vidya Balan (who I always have thought to be a fabulous artiste) will mean guaranteed success in films. Both Katrina and Deepika will also be a great choice. Never mind me, but the audience will surely come to see them.One film, whose music you wish you had given?Ashoka and Sardari Begum.One album that you have solely dedicated to your wife Neema?I am yet to record an album for Neema, but yes, when I hear my track Misty Lanes from my album Passion, I do think of her.Like all those ubercool husbands, do you also cook sometimes with your wife?I am very supportive. Alas! I can only make a scrambled egg using my creativity. But, I do see myself cooking at a later stage in my life.All the three men in your family are very well-dressed and extremely good-looking, but your abba still manages to get the maximum compliments from ladies.How do you react to that?Along with the ladies, I am my father's fan too, so I just join the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720249", "title": "When classrooms defy geographical boundaries", "text": "Instead of simply using social networking sites as a tool to interact with friends and post photographs, students have taken such websites to the school campus. Defying the four walls of the traditional classroom and even geographical boundaries, children and teachers are using sites like Facebook as an online tool to promote learning. Social networking websites are slowly emerging as the new classrooms.Last year, the Class X batch of R N Podar School in Santa Cruz launched their own homepage to share notes with the rest of the class. \"We started it as a game and even teachers were involved on the page. Soon, teachers started uploading sample question papers and answer keys on the page, which encouraged a new discussion,\" said Avnita Bir, principal of R N Podar High School, Santa Cruz.Students started 'R N Podar 2010-2011' page on FB and were sharing information on all their subjects, and hosting live discussion sessions. Some also went to the extent of sharing class notes, making them accessible to those who had missed a lecture. Inspired by the success of the Standard X students, other classes in the school also started their own group on FB. \"It encourages peer learning. While some schools are worried about social networking sites being used negatively by students, we were happy that our batches were making the best of it,\" added Bir.But the sharing of information, and 'new literacy'-as the movement is now called in academic circles-is not only limited to classrooms. Schools have for long taken tips or incorporated teaching styles from neighbourhood institutes, be they something simple as coloured chalks to highlight information on a cluttered blackboard, or moving to white boards. Others picked up on the importance of designing charts, power point presentations and using teaching aids like flash cards. Now, technology has accentuated and expanded that.At Pragya Bodhini High School in Goregaon, students exchanged essays with selected schools in the United Kingdom . Recently, the two groups exchanged notes on the privileges and the disadvantages of their respective cultures. \"Most British students spoke about how they craved for parental attention; how tough it was for so many of them to grow up in a broken home. We also exchanged worksheets and teaching techniques. Everything is same at one level, but so different at another,\" said Seema Shaikh, who is the student coordinator for this exercise in international relations.An important lesson the Goregaon school learnt from Pendeen Primary School at Cornwall in the UK was to stop spoonfeeding students with an explanation after every new chapter ended. \"So, our students started thinking for themselves, and we stopped imposing our thoughts on to them,\" added Sheikh, who went to the UK through part the Global Schools Partnership Programme, which is funded by UKaid and managed by the British Council.Recently, a three-day-long seminar organized by R N Podar brought Simon Breakspear, an educationist from London closer to students sitting in Mumbai with the help of a webcast. \"Participants were having live discussions with the speaker and everybody was sharing their views on various current issues. We have always tried to use technology for development,\" added Bir.Students at St Columba High School, Gamdevi, are studying an epic on Gandhiji and the British Empire with their counterparts in the UK. \"We are looking at Gandhiji's leadership as well as the manner in which the British Empire worked. We also looked at how it affected the common man in Britain,\" said Carol Monthero, a faculty of the school.A learning experience from multiple perspectives that encourages debate and different opinions will go a long way in promoting free speech. Clearly, some schools are not restricting themselves to the matter that lies between the covers of a textbook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur/bharatpur", "code": "11720265", "title": "3 B Tech students held for vehicle-lifting in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR/BHARATPUR: Three youths pursuing engineering in a private college in Jaipur were arrested by Bharatpur police for vehicle-lifting. They have also recovered four bikes from them.According to the police, the youths -- Prashant Tyagi (21), Priyank Sharma (20) and Balwant Singh(19) - are engineering students at Jagannath Gupta National Institute of Technology, Jaipur. The accused Balwant Singh hails from Bharatpur.\"Acting on a tip-off, we raided the house of Balwant Singh and found four stolen bikes,\" said superintendent of police, Bharatpur, Vikas Kumar.All the arrested are from well-to-do families. Prashant's father is renowned builder. \"Prashant is pursuing B Tech 4th year, Priyank is a student of B Tech 2nd year while Balwant Singh is also a B Tech 2nd year student,\" he added.According to the police, the urge for a lavish lifestyle prompted the youth to take to crime.\"During preliminary interrogation, the youths confessed that they were not satisfied with the pocket money given to them by their parents. Thus, they started indulging in some crimes a few months back. They used to sell these stolen bikes to gangs in Alwar and Bharatpur,\" said an investigating officer.There was another youth who was also involved with the gang, said an officer. \"When the police raid took place, the accused were selling off stolen bikes at Mathura Gate locality. Another youth, Kartar Singh, managed to flee from the spot,\" the officer added.The police have not ruled out their involvement in other vehicle-lifting cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722318", "title": "Adnan\u2019s father to meet Nikam on plan of action", "text": "MUMBAI: Stunned by the acquittal of four men accused of killing his 16-year-old son Adnan in 2007, businessman Aslam Patrawala has decided to get in touch with special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam to decide on the course of action.Aslam minced no words when he called the prosecution's case a \"mockery of justice\" . \"This has added insult to injury. First, we lose our son and now we have to face this,\" he told TOI.The Patrawalas have received a lot of support ever since news of the verdict spread. \"Family members, friends and business associates have contacted us to express solidarity. People have also taken a stand on public forums like Twitter,\" said Aslam. He added that associates of his sister, who is also a lawyer, have offered legal help. \"They have told us that once the judgment copy is available , they will study it and help us in whatever way they can.\" Aslam has been in touch with the investigating officer in the case. \"The officer has informed us that special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam will arrive in Mumbai on Thursday. I will contact him and we will discuss what needs to be done next,\" he said.A vigil was organized after Adnan was killed in 2007. Asked if the acquittal of the accused will prompt another show of support, Aslam said: \"We will see what can be done. Some people have proposed to hold a rally. As certain permissions are required to organize such a thing, we will discuss the matter.\"On Monday, judge S A Deshmukh had acquitted the four accused-Sujit Nair (33), Ayush Bhat (23), Rajiv Dhariya (28) and Amit Kaushal (29)-in the case. After completing all legal formalities , the four walked out of the Arthur Road prison on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11722141", "title": "Senior IAS officer held in Rs 125-cr scam", "text": "KOLKATA: The CID arrested additional secretary Debaditya Chakraborty on Wednesday for his alleged involvement in a 125-crore scam, the first time such a senior IAS officer has been arrested in the state. R M Jamir, a retired IAS officer who was the director of a PSU at the centre of the scam, has also been held.The arrests were confirmed by DIG, CID (operations) K Jayaraman. The two will be produced in court on Thursday, he said. Several agencies, including the detective department of Kolkata Police, were probing the scam for quite some time but had not received permission to arrest the IAS officer , sources said.Jamir was director general of the West Bengal Essential Commodities Services Corporation (WBECSC) and Chakraborty its managing director. The PSU was entrusted with the export of iron ore to a Chinese firm in a joint venture with Bharat Inmate, a private exporter. In the subsequent fiasco , the PSU suffered a loss of 125 crore.It lodged a complaint against Bharat Inmate and, after a probe, two employees of the private company - Pratap Biswal and Aman Bansal - were arrested. The detective department submitted a preliminary report to the home department , pointing out that several officials of WBECSC were also involved. The government granted permission to arrest Sambhunath Samanta, a lowerranked official of the PSU, but not Jamir or Chakraborty.In May 2011, Kolkata Police submitted a chargesheet against Biswal, Bansal, Samanta and Jamir. Jamir, a 1977-batch IAS officer, had retired just before the chargesheet was filed. Chakraborty, a 1976-batch officer, was not named in the chargesheet as he was still in service and the government had not granted permission to prosecute him.After a change of guard in the state, the case gathered steam. Food and essential services minister Jyotipriya Mullick accused Kolkata Police of hushing up the case to protect some influential officers. After chief minister Mamata Banerjee intervened, the CID took over and, in July 2011, initiated a fresh probe against the Singapore-based owners of the ship that carried the iron ore - Sea Quest Shipping Pvt Limited.On Wednesday, CID officers called both Jamir and Chakraborty to their headquarters and arrested them. CID officers hinted that they found the involvement of more officials and they could be arrested, too. Chief secretary Samar Ghosh refused to comment .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11720884", "title": "Residents awake every night for drinking water", "text": "NASHIK: Prabhag 52, which includes Pathardi Phata, Pathardi village, Pandav Leni and Sales Tax Office, is one of the fastest newly-latest developing areas of Nashik. But the major issue here is that the citizens have to maintain a mid-night vigil to collect and store drinking water.The ward boasting of farmlands and buzzing with construction activity, is home to a number of large residential complexes, educational institutes, the sales tax office, the Phalke Smarak, Buddha Smarak and Tri-Rashmi or Pandav Leni. The prabhag covers a large area as population is scattered.The Prabhag is developing and one can see layouts being drawn on acres of land and at the same time the green fields being nurtured by farmers.\"Yes the temperature is relatively cool here as compared to the city as there is agricultural land around. But the area is developing. However, despite all these positive aspects of the area, drinking water is the biggest problem here,\" said Rakesh Sharma, a local resident.The concern over water is also shared claim is also supported by the women of Sai Shraddha Row House, one of whom said, \"In the past, we have to stay awake even until midnight to see that we have enough water collected for our daily needs, the only change now is that the time has shifted from midnight to 10pm now\". they said.Water supply also lacks adequate pressure for which residents have to stay awake at night waiting for water to fill up.The prabhag also includes Pathardi village where people live in clusters. Lack of public toilets is a major problem here. It is a typical village surrounded by farms, where residents defecate in the open. \"Since the village is growing, and the farm land is giving way for residential plotsand other things, and many of the residents here have constructed the lavatories within the premises of their own houses. in their premises.\"Some are still to be connected to the NMC's sewage channels, nevertheless the things are changing here\" said Rajesh Patil, a local villager. Naresh Jadhav, another resident, said, \"The slum on the outskirts of the village also needs proper attention. The earlier corporator here constructed concrete roads here but nothing more,\" Jadhav said, adding that there was enough scope for development here. \"Roads are badly needed here even today you have the roads with water-bound macadam. Two years have passed but the road has not been asphalted,\" Jadhav said.Sitting corporator, Sanjay Navale, for ward 100 (which is part of Prabhag 52), however, said that his area was a developing one. this was largely because of the earlier ward was a developing one. \"In my ward no 100, you can see a lot of infrastructural development in ward 100. There is a mix of rural and urban areas here. The ward has mix of rural and urban areas and since the plots are being sold, the construction of roads is the major thing that has happened here and it takes at least two rainy seasons before asphalting of roads is done,\" It is very much happening,\" he claimed.Commenting on the water problem in the area, sitting corporator said that two overhead water tanks are being constructed in the area, but work on the national highway (No. 3), (i.e the road-widening of National Highway no 3) that had taken more than one-and-a-half years, because of which water supply in the area could not be improved sooner.\"New pipelines, storm water drainage and sewage lines have been laid output up. But because of the problem of the highway construction, the water supply was delayed. There were times when the residents were forced to stay awake at night for water, but as of now that time has been pulled up as the water supply is released at 9pm,\" he said. He added that it would take another 10 months for everything to be fully functional. By the time all these will be functional it is bound to take another 10 months, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721247", "title": "Parekh gets Panaji Congress ticket, Babush to back him", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress has cleared the name of Yatin Parekh, Mayor Panaji, as its candidate in Panaji constituency for the upcoming assembly elections. He will take on four-time Panaji BJP MLA and leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar.Speaking to TOI, Education minister Antanasio 'Babush' Monseratte said thatthe \"Congress high command has almost finalized the name of Yatin\". Further speaking, he added, \"Yatin is my man and I will support him in assembly election.\"Sources said that Parekh wanted to meet Babush-backed CCP councilors before announcing his candidature.AICC president Sonia Gandhi and political secretary Ahmed Patel had called Parekh and Monserrate to New Delhi on Tuesday to discuss the former's candidacy for Panaji constituency.The meeting, which was held late night in New Delhi, was also attended by chief minister Digambar Kamat, Goa desk in-charge J S Grar, AICC secretary Sudhakar Reddy. In the course of it, Patel directed Parekh to contest from Panaji.However, sources told TOI that Parekh was initially reluctant to accept Patel's proposal, and he told the Congress high command that he would contest only if Monserrate supported his candidature. \"After Patel told Monserrate to support Parekh in Panaji, Yatin accepted.\"Party sources also confirmed to TOI that the Congress high command had told Monserrate that former minister Somnath Zuwarkar and CCP councilor Surendra Furtado were weak candidates and he should support Parekh.Meanwhile, Furtado maintained that he is front-runner for the Congress ticket and said that \"Congress has assured me the ticket to contest from Panaji and I am confident of getting it.\"It may be recalled that Zuwarkar and Furtado who recent;y joined the Congress were frontrunners for the ticket. Initially, Monserrate had announced his support to Zuwarkar and stated that if the Congress denied the ticket to him, he would not support any other.It may be also recalled that during the CCP elections, Monserrate had announced to contest from Panaji. Now Babush want to contest from St Cruz and Babush strong man in Panaji Yatin will challenged the Parrikar in Panaji.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11721582", "title": "Heavy snowfall rejuvenates Himachal glaciers", "text": "MANALI: Heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh this winter has rejuvenated about 1,000 small and large glaciers, ensuring pleasant summer with abundance of drinking water, irrigation water, water for hydel projects and balancing the temperature.Bara Shigri, Beas Kund, Gangstang, Chandra, Bhaga, Sonapani, Gora, Bhadal, Mukkila, Tha lady of Keylong, Nahan, Miyar, Dudhon, Parbati, Perad, Miyad, Rohtang, Parcha, Ding Karmo and Gyephang are the main glaciers of Himachal Pradesh which are sources of hundreds of brooks and rivers.Around 25 km long, the Bara Shigri is the largest glacier of the state, which lies in Chandra valley of Lahaul. Heavy snowfall for the second consecutive year has recharged these glaciers.\"Our glaciers play an important role in balancing the life cycle of flora and fauna and it is a good sign that the region is receiving good snowfall,\" said JC Kuniyal, senior scientist with GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development.\"This snowfall is beneficial for underground water sources that would provide drinking water round the year. Good snowfall means the region's glaciers would have enough capacity to feed water to rivers that not only provide irrigational water to Himachal Pradesh, but many other states and countries too,\" he added.Economy of Himachal Pradesh largely depends on apple farming, tourism and hydropower projects which are further dependant on amount of snowfall.Kuniyal said that snow has added enough moisture to the soil and glaciers will maintain it round the year for better vegetation. \"Heavy snowfall is not only beneficial for good apple crop but is necessary for all Himalayan trees, crops and other flora. Our hydel projects would get enough water to generate electricity to their full capacity during summer. Heavy snowfall might upset some people during winters but the same snow help life cycle move smoothly in summer,\" he said.Himalayas have about 15,000 glaciers, including more than 1,000 glaciers in Himachal Pradesh, and stores around 12,000 cubic km of fresh water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720248", "title": "Mild tremor in city", "text": "JAIPUR: A mild tremor measuring 2.1 on Richter scale was felt in some parts of the city at 10.11am on Wednesday, the met department said. It caused panic in areas including Sodala, Ramnagar, Mansarovar, New Sanganer Road and MI Road but no damage or casualty was reported.\"I was sitting in my cubicle and suddenly saw ripples on the water inside a glass which lasted for 10 seconds. Later I came to know that mild tremor was felt in the city,\" said Nishant Gaur, a computer professional.According to met department, the tremor was felt in the western parts of Jaipur. A 2.1 intensity quake is considered to be very mild which rarely causes any damage to property and life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "11725896", "title": "Google fined by court for unfair competition", "text": "PARIS: A French commercial court has found Google guilty of abusing the dominant position of its Google Maps application and ordered it to pay a fine and damages to a French mapping company.In a ruling yesterday, the Paris court upheld an unfair competition complaint lodged by Bottin Cartographes against Google France and its parent company Google Inc for providing free web mapping services to some businesses.The court ordered Google to pay 500,000 euros in damages and interest to the plaintiff and a 15,000 euro fine.The French company provides the same services for a fee and claimed the Google strategy was aimed at undercutting competitors by temporarily swallowing the full cost until it gains control of the market.\"This is the end of a two-year battle, a decision without precedent,\" said the lawyer for Bottin Cartographes, Jean-David Scemmama.\"We proved the illegality of (Google's) strategy to remove its competitors... the court recognised the unfair and abusive character of the methods used and allocated Bottin Cartographes all it claimed. This is the first time Google has been convicted for its Google Maps application,\" he said.A Google France spokesman said the company would appeal. \"We will appeal this decision. We remain convinced that a free high-quality mapping tool is beneficial for both internet users and websites. There remains competition in this sector for us, both in France and internationally,\" he said.Google has previously faced other difficulties in France and last March the country's data privacy regulator imposed a record fine of 100,000 euros on the company for collecting private information while compiling its Street View service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11724432", "title": "2G scam: SC quashes 122 licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major setback for the government, the Supreme Court on Thursday quashed all 122 spectrum licences granted after January 2008.The apex court left it open for the trial court to decide whether home minister P Chidambaram needs to probed in the 2G scam.The SC said that there was no need for SIT to monitor the 2G scam probe.The SC verdicts came on Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's petition seeking a CBI probe into the alleged role of home minister P Chidambaram in the spectrum scam, and on two pleas by lawyer Prashant Bhushan seeking cancellation of 2G licences and setting up of an SIT to monitor probe into the scam.Swamy has demanded a CBI probe into the role of Chidambaram with regard to the 2G scam. The Janata Party chief, who is the petitioner in the 2G case, has alleged that Chidambaram, then the finance minister, could have prevented jailed former telecom minister A Raja from giving away spectrum at throwaway prices to select companies, but chose not to do so.Swamy had won a success in the court on Tuesday when Justices Singhvi and Ganguly upheld his right to seek the prosecution of Raja for the 2G scam and indicted the PMO for delaying prosecution of the sacked telecom minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719930", "title": "I-T notice to diesel don over tax evasion notice to Ali for over 8cr I-T dues", "text": "MUMBAI: Alleged diesel don Mohammed Ali Shaikh, arrested last year for murder under the stringent MCOCA Act, is in trouble again. The income tax department has issued a notice to him for evading tax to the tune of Rs 8.36 crore.The I-T investigating cell has issued a notice to Mohammed Ali's firm, Aqdas Maritime Agency, has been slapped with a notice by the I-T investigating cell under Section 156 of the I-T Act for defaulting on tax of Rs 8.36 crore for the year 2009- 2010. The notice has been issued to Aqdas Maritime Agency by assistant commissioner of IT Shabana Parveen dated December 30 last year.According to sources, Mohammed Ali's firm will noa have to pay the I-T department a penalty of Rs 4 crore and Rs 8.36 crore to avoid further action. Else, the department will attach Ali's company.\"This is just the tip of the iceberg as the notice has been issued only in the context of the assessment of 2009 to 2010.Some more companies belonging to Ali are under the income tax department's scanner. The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has also started the process of attaching some of his properties,\" a senior official added. TOI was the first to report about ED action in its October edition lasta year.The ED has issued notices to Ali and his companies for attachment of his properties under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.Some of Ali's properties under the ED's scanner include Al Hayat Hotel in Dongri, Hotel Blue Bird in Colaba, Sarkar Tower in Mazgaon, a bungalow in Panchgani, Mayur Cold Storage in Turbhe, agriculture land in Uran and Aqdas Maritime Agency.Investigating agencies believe Ali's other properties-plots in Thane, Mahabaleshwar, Karjat and Uttar Pradesh-have been allegedly purchased with the income earned from diesel smuggling.Ali's other properties like a flat in Bandstand (recently sold to MLA Nawab Malik's son) and Agripada in Mumbai, -plots in Thane, Mahabaleshwar, Karjat and Allahabad, agencies believes has been bought with the money he earned from diesel smuggling.Eight persons, including Ali and his associate Samad Ismail Deshmukh, were arrested in October 2010 for killing a rival shipping company owner Sayyed Chand Madar.During the probe, it transpired that Ali had paid Rs 3 lakh to Samad for the contract killing. Samad in turn, contacted the other accused, including the two shooters.Samad has told the police that the Customs had seized 2 lakh litres of diesel, worth Rs 40 lakh, that belonged to Madar, which was transported in Samad's vessel.Promising to pay a \"huge cut\", Madar had asked Samad to take the responsibility of the seized goods. However, when Samad was released, Madar failed to keep the promise and paid a meagre amount, which irked Samad who than contacted Ali for the killing. Ali also had an axe to grind against Chand as he had started gaining supremacy in the oil smuggling racket. Ali then took the help of fugitive gangster Chhota Shakeel to eliminate Madar, who was shot dead outside his office near GPO on September 15, 2010.BOX-Mohammed Ali is a presently lodged in Arthur road jail but he enjoys most of the time in various hospital citing some or the other health reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720189", "title": "Free facilities to former governor questioned", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has received a representation from two Jaipur residents questioning the free facilities being provided to former Rajasthan and Gujarat governor Anshuman Singh.The representation made by journalist Milap Chand Dandia and advocate Vimal Chaudhary states that even though there existed no legal provision for it, the government was allowing Singh to avail free facilities and that too at a par with an incumbent governor.\"Since 2004, the government has spent around Rs 4 crore on providing a free house, electricity, water, vehicle, driver and armed security to the former governor,\" Dandia said, quoting information obtained by him under the Right to Information (RTI) Act.Dandia had earlier filed a public interest litigation (PIL) on the issue before the high court, which last month directed him to first approach the state government for a remedy. A division bench headed by chief justice Arun Kumar Mishra had then ordered that the petitioner could file a fresh petition if the government failed to address the issue.The representation submitted to chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed states that neither the Governors (Emoluments) Allowances and Privilege Act, 1982, nor the Rules of 1987 framed in accordance with this Act allow any pension benefits to former governors. \"Still the government is granting free facilities to Singh. This is arbitrary and illegal,\" said advocate Chaudhary.It was mentioned that the state general administration department had estimated a cost of Rs 1.20 lakh per month on the facilities proposed to be provided to Singh in 2004. \"The truth is that just the salaries of the static security guards provided to Singh come to Rs 1.07 lakh per month,\" Dandia said.As per information gathered by the duo under the RTI Act, the government made an estimated annual expenditure of Rs 12.84 lakh on the static security guards, Rs 8.64 lakh on the escort vehicle and personal security guard, Rs 13.44 lakh on chauffeur-driven car and its fuel, Rs 6 lakh as house rent, Rs 3 lakh on electricity and water, Rs 80,000 on furniture, Rs 85,842 on the house's repairs and Rs 7.20 lakh on maintenance of the house provided to Singh in the past over seven years.\"This is probably the only case in the country wherein free facilities are being given to a former governor,\" Dandia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11697040", "title": "Amy Jackson, Prateik opt to live-in", "text": "Actor Prateik Babbar and British model-turned-actress Amy Jackson are the new lovebirds gossip mongers are chirping about. Quite candid about their liking for each other, news has it that this handsome couple has taken their relationship to a new level altogether.If talks are to be believed, Prateik has moved in with Amy Jackson and lives with her in her Bandra home. Eversince the duo started dating, Prateik has been often spotted in Amy's building.Prateik has been seen escorting Amy arm-in-arm at various social dos, introducing her to the who's who of the film world. The two are now shooting for Ek Tha Tiger together. With Prateik living in with Amy now, we guess the two are extremely serious about their relationship, and only too happy to have taken it to the next level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11722679", "title": "Raids on former minister\u2019s premises over \u2018illegal\u2019 assets", "text": "ERODE: Vigilance officials on Wednesday conducted raids at the premises of former handloom development minister and senior DMK leader N K K P Raja in Erode and Chennai, based on complaints pertaining to possession of disproportionate assets.According to the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC), the raids were conducted following 'specific and credible' information that Raja had acquired movable and immovable properties disproportionate to his known sources of income between May 2006 and March 2010, while the DMK was in power.The raids were conducted in eight places in Erode, Karur and Chennai. Officials have seized a number of documents for scrutiny. A case under sections 13(2) and 13(1)( e) of Prevention of Corruption Act-1988 was also registered. The sleuths raided Raja's house at Selvan Nagar at around 7am on Wednesday while another team raided another residence of the former minister at Kavundampady. The residence of Raja's father N K K Palanisamy, also a former minister and DMK leader, was raided. A team raided Bharathidasan Arts and Science College in Erode, owned by Raja, and and questioned college secretary V Murugan at his home in Sanjay Nagar. Raids were also conducted at the residences of Raja's close associates V Saravanan, a bus transport operator in Chidambaram Colony, M Moorthy from Kalingarayan Palayam, and farmers' leader KDurai at Kuttiplayam. Sleuths have also raided the house of Seguntharayan, the brother of Raja's second wife at Karur.Raja is the latest among several DMK leaders to face police and DVAC action. DVAC had earlier conducted raids at the houses of eight former DMK ministers.Talking to TOI, Raja termed the raids as a politically motivated one. \"It is part of a conspiracy to defame me and my party. The college is owned by a charitable trust of which I am a trustee,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724233", "title": "Rahman and Prateik to celebrate Hosanna", "text": "Makers of Ek Deewana Tha to throw a party for the controversial but popular song composed by the maestroThe censor board of film certification (CBFC) aside, the Hindi cinema industry has been faced with several other bodies that have raised objections to the content of various films over the years.The latest addition to the list is surprisingly, an AR Rahman composed song, the southern version of which is already a hit. Certain groups have have raised an objection to Rahman's Hosanna number in Prateik - Amy Jackson starrer Ek Deewana Tha. While in most cases, such objections make the makers quite unhappy, this time around, director Gautham Menon, lead actor Prateik and composer Rahman have decided to throw a bash to celebrate the controversial song.\"Gautham and everyone are celebrating the success of Hossana. I am trying to juggle my schedule and be there,\" confirmed Rahman.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the party that has been planned for Friday and for which Rahman will have to fly down from Chennai, was the brainchild of lead actor Prateik.Kicked about the party, Prateik told Mumbai Mirror, \"Yes, we are planning to celebrate the success of the song in a big way. I have had a word with Rahman sir and Gautham sir. I did not want them to be apologetic for such a popular song.\"Earlier Rahman had expressed his concern over the controversy and said, \"The song was a sensation when it was released in the south a couple of years ago. It went on to win all possible music awards and was well received by all communities. However, I am concerned about the sentiments of all those whose sentiments have been hurt by it.\"The General secretary of a community forum had counter attacked Rahman's statement by saying that people may have not noticed it earlier, but now the song should be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11720811", "title": "Industrial bodies to form core panel to tackle power issues", "text": "NASHIK: Badly hit by tariff hike, overcharging and load-shedding, industrial associations in Nashik have decided to form a core committee to chalk out common minimum programme and take up the issues with state power utilities.\"A joint meeting of members of industrial associations and power consumers associations across the state was held here to discuss power issues related to MERC, MSEDCL and the government. We have decided to set up a core committee to sort out the power-related issues,\" Madhukar Bramhankar, member of the energy cell of the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), said.\"This committee will meet the government and the authorities concerned to sort out the grievances of the industrial consumers. Thereafter, the committee will move the court if the authority concerned does not take initiatives to sort out the issues,\" he said.\"We have also decided to educate power consumers from both urban and rural areas about their rights,\" said Bramhankar.The meet was attended by the members of industry and power consumers associations from Nashik, Pune, Jalgaon, Akola, Thane, Aurangabad and Malegaon. The members of NIMA, Maharashtra Vij Grahak Sanghatna, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Pune-based energy group Prayas were also present at the meeting.The Maharashtra Electricity Regulation Commission (MERC) was established on August 5, 1999 under the Electricity Regulatory Commission Act, 1998--a Central Act--which was superseded by Electricity Act, 2003. The objectives behind introducing electricity acts were to promote competition, efficiency and economy in the power sector and to regulate tariffs of power generation, transmission and distribution and to protect the interests of the consumers and other stakeholders.\"But, this did not happen in the last 10 years. Besides, MERC also failed to implement the rules, power policy and tariff policy under the electricity act. The MERC is seen as inefficient in performing its role as a regulator,\" said Pratap Hogade, president, Maharashtra Vij Grahak Sanghatana (MVGS) that represents power consumers in the state.\"There is no focus on power tariff and quality. Power tariff was increased around 10 times in the state during the past two-and-a-half years but the state has still not become free from load-shedding,\" he said.Hogade said the power charges for industries have already reached around Rs 6.5-7 per unit, which is really not affordable for the industry. He claimed that power could be made available at moderate rates through open access from the captive power plants (CPPs).\"But the Maharashtra government has decided to levy electricity duty of Rs 1.5 per unit on CPP. As a result, power rates from CPP, which can be made available at Rs 5 to Rs 5.5, will also go at around Rs 6.50 per unit,\" he said.Pune-based Prayas president Shantanu Dixit said though the energy regulator is supposed to have three members, currently only two members are there, while the third member has not been appointed for the past two years.\"Besides, the electricity bills are sent to some consumers without the metre readings. The members of all associations must collect such bills across the state for evidence,\" he said.\"The Shunglu committee, which had been set up by the planning commission, has recommended common power leakage cess to consumers across the state at par with the leakage, which is really wrong. Why should consumers of Nashik pay for the 60 per cent power leakage in Nanded,\" Hogade asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724190", "title": "Union raid Zilla Ghaziabad sets", "text": "The sets of Anand Kumar's Zilla Ghaziabad had an unexpected guest, much to the dismay of the producer Vinod Bachchan.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the Allied Mazdoor Union raided the film's sets at Film City on Tuesday afternoon, demanding that the producer remunerate the crew members their dues of the past three months. Reportedly, Bachchan owed the crew of the Sanjay Dutt starrer an outstanding amount of Rs 3,63,000. One of the light men (on request of anonymity) informed, \"We have been working without pay for the past three months. This is just not done. And so, finally the Allied Mazdoor Union had to intervene and decided to pay Vinod Bachchan a visit at the sets.\"And according to the source, the pressure levied by the union raid forced Bachchan to pay an estimated 80 percent of the dues owed to the film's crew. \"The crewmembers were kind enough to return to the shoot, after the raid. Vinod Bachchan needs to understand that most of the crew members survive on daily wages,\" added the source.When contacted, Vice Chairman of Allied Mazdoor Union, Prem Singh Thakur said, \"Yes, Vinod Bachchan signed a cheque of Rs 3 lakh, when we stopped the shoot of Zilla Ghaziabad on Tuesday. He is yet to pay Rs 63,000 though. Sanjay Dutt's manager Dharam Oberoi intervened to resolve the issue.\"Bachchan, however, passed off the raid as a routine check-up. He told us, \"Well, they did visit my set on Tuesday, but that was for a routine check-up. There was no outstanding amount whatsoever. I have been paying my crew members regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11726805", "title": "Tiger strays into NJA campus", "text": "BHOPAL: A tiger strayed into the National Judicial Academy (NJA) campus on Wednesday afternoon and went missing thereafter. The animal was spotted by several people including two truck drivers and the watchman of the academy.The tiger was spotted, exactly 25 days after a tigress forayed into the campus. The news led to panic among the residents in the locality.The striped animal was first spotted by two truck drivers near the road. After this, a security man of NJA Ramkumar noticed it around 2.30 am. The big cat entered and left the NJA campus around 3 am.After the information was passed on to the forest department officials, they reached the spot but couldn't find the animal. The forest department's ground duty staff and officials found the pugmarks of the tiger in NJA. The pugmarks are faint but it can be confirmed that it is a tiger, an officer of Samardha forest range told TOI. He said that it has returned to the jungle and there was no need for the people in and around the academy to panic.Possibly, this was the tiger, the one which along with a feline is on the move in the jungles of Kerwa and Kaliyasot area. There is a possibility that the tiger has lost contact with the tigress and is searching for it. The feline in search of its partner had entered NJA on January 6. Now, the tiger forayed into the Academy. The pair was reported to be roaming in the jungles on the outskirts of the city. It has possibly come from Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary in Raisen. It is believed that the wild cat has run short of space in Ratapani given that the tiger population has shot up to 16 in and around this sanctuary according to the latest last year census, from 9 as per the big cat counts of 2006.The pair on the prowl has killed more than 30 cattle in the jungles, so far. The owners of the cattle had demanded compensation from the forest department, after their domestic animals entering the forested area were killed by the tiger pair.Meanwhile, the people living around the NJA are frightened. Forest department ground duty staffers are manning the area and keeping a tight vigil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720117", "title": "Candidates will have to file affidavits", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday rejected a state government plea to suspend part of its order directing returning officers (ROs) to verify if caste certificates accompanying nomination forms of candidates, contesting civic elections all over Maharashtra, are cleared by a vigilance cell.State election commission (SEC) advocate Sachin Shetye said it would tell candidates to file personal affidavits that their certificates were proper. \"We have no difficulty if the Election Commission issues such instructions to ROs. The fact that the affidavit of a candidate is true or otherwise can be gone into in appropriate proceedings,'' said a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and Nitin Jamdar.The judges heard an application filed by the state for keeping part of its order regarding ROs in abeyance, saying it would result in insurmountable problems as scrutiny of nominations, which commenced on Wednesday, has to be completed on Thursday, and may result in the rejection of most nominations. The court on January 31 had said it was mandatory to follow the procedure laid down by the Supreme Court in the Madhuri Patil case, where before issuing a certificate, the scrutiny committee had obtained a vigilance report on the caste claim. Advocate-general Ravi Kadam said the ROs cannot examine the question of nullifying the certificates in a short span of two days. \"At this rate, you will have no candidates,'' said Kadam, urging court to recall its order.The judges noted \"disturbing facts'' in over 96% cases (6,338 out of 7,334 applications) of validity certificates being issued without following procedure for obtaining a vigilance report and in most cases \"in a short span of a day''. Only in 3.39% cases (249), certificates were proper. \"This is a tatkal validity certificate,\" said Justice Khanwilkar.When informed that out of 7,334 some 5,000 may be contesting, the judges said undeserving persons benefit as they may not be contesting. \"Wrong persons will walk away with benefits,'' said Justice Khanwilkar.The judges rejected Kadam's request to stay the January 31 and February 1 orders to move the Supreme Court, saying it was the constitutional obligation of the state to ensure that reservation of seats are not unrepresented in the ensuing elections. The matter will be heard on February 28.The scheduled programme for civic elections may get delayed as the state election commission (SEC) called off the verification of caste certificates for reserved seats until Friday. It is not clear now if this will delay the polling date. But SEC advocate Sachin Shetye told the Bombay High Court (HC) on Wednesday that it would tell candidates to file personal affidavits that their certificates were proper. The HC earlier rejected a state government plea to suspend part of its order directing returning officers to verify if caste certificates accompanying nomination forms of candidates are cleared by a vigilance cell. The judges noted \"disturbing facts'' in over 96% cases of validity certificates being issued without following procedure and in most cases \"in a short span of a day''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721345", "title": "Women constituencies see high polling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Constituencies from where women candidates staked their political fortunes witnessed high polling in the %January 30 Punjab assembly election. A total of 93 women out of 1078 contestants entered the race for the state assembly %this time.A turnout of 87.21% was recorded in Malerkotla constituency where wives of two top cops -- one retired and another serving -- crossed swords.The ruling Shiromani Akali Dal had fielded first-timer Farzana Alam, wife of retired DGP Mohammed Izhar Alam, against opposition Congress' two-time MLA, Razia Sultana, wife of state additional director general of police Mohammed Mustafa.The story was similar at Lehra from where former chief minister Rajinder Kaur Bhattal sought re-election. The seat from hinterland Malwa registered 85.74% polling.In Bholath seat from where former SGPC chief Bibi Jagir Kaur (SAD) tried her luck, the turnout was 81%.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721699", "title": "DM to confiscate former DGP's assets in disproportionate assets case", "text": "PATNA: Decks have been cleared for the confiscation of the movable and immovable assets of ex-Bihar DGP Narayan Mishra and his family members with a vigilance court, presided by Ramesh Chandra Mishra, on Wednesday ordering the same in a Rs 1.40-crore disproportionate assets (DA) case against the retired IPS officer.The court authorized the Patna DM to take possession of the assets, including a four-storied building at Rukanapura in Patna, a plot of land each at Digha in Patna and Singham village in Hazaribagh district, a flat in Pawan Villa Apartment at Digha in Patna registered in the name of Mishra's wife Kanchan and a plot at Rukanpura in Patna registered in the name of Mishra's daughter-in-law Rita Pandey Mishra.The court also ordered the freezing of a portion of the money in the ex-cop's salary account in Central Bank of India and another bank account in Mumbai. A sum of Rs 7.20 lakh was deposited within 90 days after the Mumbai account was opened in 2000. Besides, Rs 36 lakh was invested in share market in the name of Kanchan.The confiscation order came after an eight-month trial during which Mishra personally defended himself as an enrolled advocate. His family members were put on notice by the vigilance court. The court was not satisfied with their replies regarding the assets in their names.It was in 2007 that a vigilance team raided the former police chief's premises and registered a DA case against him. After the enactment of Bihar Special Court Act in 2009, Special PP (vigilance) Rajesh Kumar on July 9, 2010 moved the vigilance court, seeking confiscation of the assets.Mishra would be the fourth officer whose assets would be confiscated under the anti-graft Act. The other three whose properties have been confiscated are IAS official S S Verma, Patna treasury assistant Girish Kumar and Gaya civic body's former official Yogendra Prasad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720138", "title": "Court orders case against DCP, others for detaining doctor", "text": "JAIPUR: A city court has asked the local police to register a case against DCP (traffic) Rohit Mahajan, ACP Raghuveer Saini, ACP Narender Singh and five other police officers for illegally detaining an office-bearer of Jaipur Medical Association during the recent doctors' strike in the state.The order came on a criminal complaint filed against the police officers by one Dr Sanjeev Gupta. It was alleged by Gupta that during the strike, he was picked up on December 23, 2011 by SHO Moti Doongri Deepak Khandelwal from his clinic.It was also alleged that the complainant was tortured in custody for 27 hours illegally and was not even allowed to take medicines. The city-based trial court has asked the local police to register a FIR against the named accused and investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719465", "title": "'Framed' jewellers train guns on cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-four jewellers, including the president of a jewellers' association in Mulund, were produced before the Mulund metropolitan court on Wednesday after the police arrested them for unlawful assembly, rioting and deterring the police from performing their duty.The court released them on bail surety of Rs 15,000 each. \"The court ordered the association's president, Bhagwati Jain (45), Narottam Sanghvi (75), Devlal Jain (74) and two others to visit the police station everyday till February 5. The accused manhandled constables at the police station and made abusive statements,\" DCP (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre said.TOI's attempts to speak with the association's president Bhagwati Jain (45), who owns Ritul Jewellers in Mulund (W), failed.Also several other jewellers in Mulund (West) didn't respond to repeated calls made.The arrest was made on Tuesday after Jain and the other jewellers staged a protest outside the police station and allegedly abused the police for arresting a jeweller named Pyarchand Sanghvi (65).Sanghvi was arrested for his alleged role in buying stolen gold chains worth approximately Rs 1.2 lakh from a thief, Rajesh Chavan (22).\"Chavan's arrest helped us discover that most of the stolen property had been sold and purchased by jewellers in Mulund. It is difficult to recover the property despite catching the thieves,\" said senior PI Jivajirao Jadhav.Jadhav said the matter worsened on Tuesday when Jain along with 23 others stormed at the police station and protested to free Sanghvi who was arrested on theft charges. \"The arrest was made on the Sessions Court order that has rejected Sanghvi's anticipatory bail application on January 27,\" he said.Jain and the others claimed during the protest on Tuesday that the police are framing Sanghvi for no reason despite him being innocent.\"Sanghvi was arrested only on the basis of Chavan's statement. Chavan said he has been selling the stolen valuables at Sanghvi's Natraj jewellery shop,\" he said.On January 22 Sanghvi was called to the police station for questioning after Chavan was arrested. \"Minutes after Sanghvi made his presence in the police station; Jain followed him and managed to take him away. Later he helped Sanghvi to go hiding,\" said the police.narayan.namboodiri@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722643", "title": "Reopen nursing colleges shut due to strike, govt told", "text": "CHENNAI: Rapping the state health department for issuing an order permitting private nursing students to be considered for vacancies in government medical institutions, the Madras HC onWednesday has asked the TN government to immediately reopen nursing colleges closed due to the ongoing agitation.Justice K Chandru, staying the operation of the January 18 government order, said: \"It is not clear as to why the government should rush ahead with this order without applying any legal norms and without considering the various judgments rendered by this court.\"He said: \"In the light of the fact that this court is seized of the matter, it is unnecessary for the nursing students to continue their non-cooperation. They should return to the colleges immediately.\"Pointing out that the comprehensive scheme of admitting students in government nursing colleges on the basis of merit and reservation, to be trained for appointment in government medical institutions, has been in practice for more than a century, Justice Chandru said: \"Passing the order smacks of arbitrariness and also ignores the agreement between the nursing students who have studied in government colleges are appointed in government medical institutions and the government.\"In a related but separate development, a division bench of the court comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice D Hariparanthaman dismissed a plea by private nursing colleges to restrain the Indira Gandhi National Open University from conducting post-basic BSc nursing courses at centres in TN.Describing the PIL filed by the Association of Recognised Private Nursing Schools and Colleges as a 'private and business interest' litigation, the bench said the PIL had been filed due to 'business rivalry'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722956", "title": "Scientists aim to treat eye degeneration with stem cells", "text": "CHENNAI: Rapid loss of vision due to advancing age may soon be a thing of the past. A team of scientists in Japan is now trying to correct denegeration of the retina or AMD by transplanting artificially generated stem cells.\"We shall begin human trials for AMD next year,\" said Dr Shinya Yamanako, director for Centre for iPS Cell Research and Application (CiRA)in Kyoto,Japan, here on Wednesday. He was in Chennaifor a daytodeliver a lecture on stem cells. \"By transplanting the eye of the patient with iPS cells (artificially created stem cells), we hope to find a means of arresting this problem.\"Age Related Macular Dengeration or AMD is an irreversibledegeneration of the retina in the eye and a primary cause today for severe loss of vision among people above the age of 45 and also interferes with their ability to see fine details.In India,itisestimated that atleast 65 million peoplesuffer from AMD.Dr Yamanako has won several awards for his research in the field of stem cells and for the creation of artificially-developed stem cells or induced pluripotent cells (iPS cells) as they are called. iPS cells are embryonic-like stem cells that are artificially derived using adult cells. Embryonic stem cells are considered the key to many degenerative diseases that have been difficulttotreat.Embryonic stem cells are undeveloped cells extracted from an undeveloped embryo that can later be matured into cells for any part of the body like cardiac cells, neural cells and bone marrow cells for leukemia patients.\"The invention of iPS cells that are derived from adultcellsusing a simpleextraction procedure bypasses all the ethical controversies,\" saidD r Yamanako.\"This is the first time we shall be checking if an iPS cell transplant is successful in humans,\" he said. \"We chose AMD because transplant in the eye is easier as the retina iscloser tothesurface and requires a transplant of only about 10,000 cells whereas transplant of cells for spinal cord injuries requires atleast 10 million.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720237", "title": "'Cops could have filed case on their own in November'", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts are appalled that the police didn't take action after the first attack on Aarti Thakur back in November 2011. Lawyers said that Tuesday's incident, in which acid was flung at Aarti at Goregaon railway station, could have been avoided if the police had filed a case and hunted the culprit, or culprits, last year itself.On November 9, Aarti was slashed with a blade at Malwani, where she was residing. She did not see the attacker's face as he had approached her from behind. She sustained facial injuries and received 16 stitches on her cheek and upper lip. After receiving medical treatment, she approached the Malwani police along with her landlady Manju Shaikh. What followed next is disputed.Senior Malwani police officials said they asked Aarti if she wanted to lodge a complaint, but she decided not to. Aarti's mother Seema Thakur told TOI that the police told Aarti the case was probably a minor matter involving an attempted chain snatching. Seema said the landlady, too, coaxed Aarti not to file the case after the police took it lightly. Finally, Aarti left the police station with only a certificate for a lost phone, which she lost during the incident. The landlady is the mother of Pintoo Shaikh, who is arrested for Tuesday's offence.Lawyers said that because of the slashing, even if Aarti didn't want to file a case, the police should have acted. \"The slashing incident clearly makes for a cognizable case under Section 324 of the Indian Penal Code,\" said former IPS officer and lawyer YP Singh. The section deals with voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means. \"A case under Section 324 is non-bailable.\"Singh added, \"Unlike in civil offences, where there are two parties involved, a criminal offence is a crime against the state. So the police are legally bound to take suo motu action once the fact disclosing the offence is known to them. Here, the identity of the complainant is immaterial.\"Criminal lawyer Kshitij Mehta said the police often don't file a case or apply a lesser charge so the crime rate falls and detection rate improves. \"The nature of injury and intention of the offender constitutes a cognizable offence. An attack with a blade would merit an FIR,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11721627", "title": "Nilambur all set to leverage its eco-tourism potential", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The tourism plans of Nilambur is all set to take off on February 11 when chief minister Oommen Chandy inaugurates the work on Eastern Corridor, a multi-crore eco-tourism initiative. The project, which will be implemented in association with the forest department, aims to link forest areas from to Perinthalmanna with the adjacent tourist spots. This is expected to leverage the tourism potential of the district by adding a tinge of greenery to the tourist itineraries.The project was announced last year during the joint visit made by tourism minister A P Anilkumar and forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar in Nilambur. It envisions building up Vadapuram town square at a cost of Rs 1 crore at Vadapuram from where the project will start. Viewpoints for tourists, eco-friendly toilets and paths will be built at the Canoli plot as part of the project, said officials after a meeting on Tuesday.Apart from building a theatre, musical fountain and cafeteria, the project will also renovate 11 rooms of the Woodline Industries situated against the Canoli plot for the use of the tourists. DFO bungalow situated here will also be renovated.The core committee has also decided to put up an information centre near Adyanpara waterfall and will build safe bathing facilities for tourists who visit the waterfall. The bio-park situated in the Teak museum will also be renovated. The project also plans to start elephant safari. Documentaries on elephants will be organized as part of a familiarization initiative. The core committee has also decided to deploy a tourist consultant to study the project plan and to prepare a detailed blueprint for the project. It is now looking out for an efficient architect for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11721079", "title": "Buddha, Mishra hit out at govt on law and order", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Anti-socials are having a free run in Kolkata and suburbs for the past few months. \"They believe that their government is now in power, so nothing will happen to them,\" former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee said on Wednesday, while addressing a party rally at Midnapore College grounds on the concluding day of the CPM's West Midnapore district party conference.The veteran CPM leader came down on the government for its \"failure on all fronts\".Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Wednesday launched a scathing attack on Mamata Banerjee government that found a more shaper resonance in Assembly Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra. Bhattacharjee chided the government on its \"failure on all fronts\" but singled out the free run of anti-socials in Kolkata and its suburbs for his sharpest attack. \"The anti-socials now believe their government is now in power, so nothing will happen to them,\" he said.Apart from Bhattacharjee, Surjya Kanta Mishra and Left Front chairman Biman Bose addressed the rally. Dipak Sarkar was re-elected as its secretary, and found a place for all senior leaders absconding either in the Garbeta skeleton case and Netai carnage.\"The clubs have benefited from a government largesse, where is this money coming from? The government claims it's cash-strapped only when it comes to buying rice and paddy from farmers and paying salary and pension to transport employees. It has enough to increase the salaries of ministers from Rs 7,000 to Rs 27,000,\" the former chief minister said.Bhattacharjee said the spate of murders and violence unleashed against CPM leaders and supporters can't wipe out the party. \"People wanted change, and there was change. People will again decide which path they want the political parties to tread. They are also noticing where we left eight months ago, and it has come to what,\" he said.Mishra said, \"The Calcutta high court had granted bail to Sushanta Ghosh. The government still arrested him in a different case. They are repeatedly opposing the bail in Supreme Court. I have told the chief minister the behavior meted out to Ghosh's elderly mother is unacceptable. In the 34 years, we've been in power not a single Trinamool MLA has been arrested.\"Without naming Mamata, Mishra said: \"There were enough incidents where she had provoked unrest. We remained patient. All these are recorded. The police director-general now sends a missive claiming CPM is attacking Trinamool. Did he bother to find out? There is a provision for a security commission, which, according to Supreme Court guidelines, has to accommodate opposition MLAs too. Nothing has happened. We will not indefinitely, we will seek answers in the February 19 rally at Brigade.\"Harping on Trinamool's alleged Maoist links, Bose said: \"The apple of their eye has now become an eyesore. If they believe violence is the only way to end CPM, they are living in fool's paradise.\"Regarding the Nandigram incident, Bhattacharjee, too said Trinamool was hand in gloves with Maoists, had burnt people alive, cut roads and refused to let police in. \"We were trying to create a second Haldia there,\" he said.State urban development minister Firhad Hakim said, \"The manner in which they are attacking the government is misleading. People are not with them; they are with us and chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Why are they speaking on law and order now? Where was their voice in Nandigram and Netai's aftermath? Government will not spare any murderer. If speaks of tremendous restraint by our party workers that nothing was done to the likes of Tapan, Sukur and Sushanta. The government will follow the legal route.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722473", "title": "Truck driver flees with grain sacks", "text": "NAGPUR: In the building collapse at Kalamna, where the merchants are still asking for the food grains stored at the warehouse, one of the traders, Kamlesh Shah complained that a truck driver fled with his grain sacks, that were brought out from the debris.Shah, a resident of Lakadganj, stated that he had kept 107 sacks of grains in the storage building. After the collapse, 100 sacks were recovered with the help of machines. The sacks were then loaded in the truck and the driver was asked to transport it to Shah's godown. Instead, the driver fled with the material.Kalamna police have registered a case against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721399", "title": "Mismanagement by the museum management", "text": "The unsigned press note by the committee of the Museum of Christian Art, Santa Monica Convent, Old Goa, evoked shock and disbelief from Goans across the country and overseas.The renowned artist, Dom Martin, wrote to me saying: \"Works of religious art and artifacts are manifestations of divine intervention. The theft or plunder of such works is an act of abominable sacrilege, and, violates the fundamental ethics to which we are universally bound and codified as conscionable human beings. To the damning detriment of religious heritage, such perpetrators and their co-conspirators callously characterize the progressive calibration of diabolic greed and gain.\"The belated and weak 'explanation' from the committee on the course of unfortunate events that took place at the museum was in fact a brilliant exercise in hogwash meant to deceive the people of Goa about the real reason why on the night of January 25 their heritage was stolen.This and earlier press comments by committee members suggest that the committee would not have provided any explanation/statement had it not been for the in-depth media reports and strong condemnation from heritage lovers.For instance, a couple of days after the heist, committee chairman, Fr Avinash Rebello told a local newspaper: \"There is very little that I know. I haven't been keeping track of what has happened.\" This was followed by curator Natasha Fernandes: \"Whatever information you want, you can get from the police.\" Apropos the priceless inventory, committee member Jose Lourenco said on record: \"We are in the process of putting things in place in terms of inventory.\" So, what exactly does the press note statement mean: 'The committee went through its detailed inventory (which includes photographs of all objects)'? Which inventory is this committee referring to? It appears it is merely indulging in damage control and improve on previous insensitive statements.Goans will not be fooled by the meaningless verbiage of the press note. The real reason for our immeasurable loss can be encapsulated in: negligence, apathy and inefficiency of the committee.Does the committee expect Goans to laud them for having \"rushed to the site and stayed till the early hours with the police\"? Nice job of shutting the stable after the horses have bolted. Perhaps the public should know that just one or two members spent just a couple of hours at the site. And the condolences to the family of the killed security guard, Luis Bogato? A fine display of crocodile tears after having put the poor man in harm's way.It is imperative that we address the contradictory facts in the vapid statements of the press note so that Goans are aware of the crimes committed against their heritage:1. If committee members were present soon after the incident which occurred around 6pm, why was the press in the dark until past midnight? Why and what was the committee trying to hide from the public?2. At what time was the site sealed by the police? If the museum premises were sealed then how did one of the newspapers publish a photo of the dead security guard lying in the compound?3. If the premises were sealed then how were strangers and museum delegates/overseas donors allowed inside the museum on January 27 without any security checks? Was the committee so confident that all evidence had been secured?4. The committee lists the stolen items as follows: 1) Gold filigree rosary 2) Gold rosary 3) Gold waistband 4) Gold bracelet 5) Gold cross with chain. This generic description is deliberately deceiving because it gives the appearance that the stolen items are simple pieces of handicrafts made of gold and not priceless museum exhibits of timeless heritage.Also, were they just ornaments made of gold or were they also studded with precious stones? What was the size and weight of the exhibits? Were they at least valued by a goldsmith before going on display? Was it not necessary to publish pictures and technical details of the stolen exhibits so the public could identify and value them?5. Ironically, the inventory that was made public reflected the inadequacy and unprofessionalism in archiving and documentation of the museum's artifacts.6. The press note clearly concedes that funds for providing adequate security for the museum since 2002 have never been a problem, thanks to government and foreign funding. Why then was there only one unarmed guard, a non-functioning surveillance camera, fluctuating lights and a non-functioning burglar alarm system on that fateful day? What are the funds being used for? What wisdom or folly motivated the committee to give the keys of the museum to the guard even after the museum was closed? It borders on criminality that in spite of ample funds, the committee in their apathy, inefficiency and negligence failed to provide a foolproof security system and related checks and balances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722988", "title": "Woman wrongly diagnosed as HIV+ awarded compensation of Rs 1 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: For four months from June 2003,VDhanalakshmi of Eral in Tuticorin district lived in fear, after she tested positive for HIV-AIDS. Then a second and third opinion reversed her fears and Dhanalakshmi complained to the consumer court. Now, she has been awarded. 1 lakh compensation by the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SCDRC ).It started when Dhanalakshmi approached Dr (Mrs ) Agnes of J A Laboratory in Palayamkottai for infertility treatment as she had not been able to conceive after many years of marriage. As part of the routine procedure, she gaveher bloodsamplesfor testing but received a report on June 25, 2003 that she was HIVpositive. The results caused a lot of turbulence in her family. Dhanalakshmi said she was \"insulted, humiliated, harassed by all and subjected to untold mentalcruelty.\"Assuming that the first test results might have been wrong, she underwent tests at Lakshmi Hospital and Arathy Diagnostic Centre in Tirunelveli on October 1 and November 13 respectively. Both institutions gave clear reports saying she was not infected withHIV-AIDS.She approachedthedistrict consumer forum which ruled in her favour and directed that she be paid a compensation of. 5 lakh and. 5,000 towards costs. Aggrieved by the order, Dr Agnes appealed to SCDRC contending thatthetest results couldbedeemedconclusiveonly after confirmatory tests were conducted. She said she had told Dhanalakshmi to comebackin 15daysbutthelatter did not show up. Dr Agnes added that the test result was the product of a modern automated system in which samples were fed and results delivered after analysis through a computerized process.Passing orders on the matter, a bench of A K Annamalai, presiding judicial member, and S Sambandam, member, observedtherewere no records to show Dhanalakshmi had been asked to come back 15 days after the first test result. Ruling that there was negligence and deficiency of serviceon partof Dr Agnesby disclosing the test results without any confirmation or affirmative tests of a serious infectious disease, the bench ordered that Dhanalakshmi was liable to be paid compensation of Rs 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721762", "title": "UP polls: Aspiring MLA scripts own \u2018kidnapping\u2019 to fund campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: The world of crime is said to be an easy short-cut to politics in UP. But for an aspiring MLA in Jaunpur this route cut short his political career and landed him behind bars.Jaunpur police on Tuesday arrested Vivek Yadav alias Vicky for staging his own kidnapping to fund the election campaign. Son of lawyer Indrajeet Yadav, Vicky was a student of Saket Mahavidyalaya in Jaunpur in 2009 when he decided to pursue a career in politics. On October 2, 2009, he founded the Samta Moolak Dal and became its founder-cum-national president. He announced his candidature from Shahganj constituency in Jaunpur.Vicky led several candlelight marches during the Hazare's antigraft movement. He started his campaign the day elections were notified. But his campaign hit a roadblock as he ran out of money . Vicky then suddenly disappeared on January 21. His father lodged a police case the next day.Vicky's disappearance sent the Jaunpur police into a tailspin who were reminded of the kidnapping-cum-murder of an Indian Justice Party (IJP) candidate a few days before the 2009 LS polls.The Jaunpur police formed over half a dozen teams to trace Vicky. On January 22, the police recovered Vicky's Zen near his house. However, on January 29, Vicky was found in an unconscious state near his village. Vicky was still trying to \"recollect\" what had happened to him when the police got a breakthrough. It didn't take long for the police to get Vicky singing. \"The idea was to seek ransom so he could meet the election expenses. But a few days after he left his house, Vicky began to feel homesick and gave up the plan of seeking ransom from his parents,\" said SP Jagdish Sharma.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722339", "title": "Woman brands stepdaughter with hot spoon, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi police on Wednesday arrested a 24-year-old homemaker for allegedly branding her five-year-old stepdaughter with a hot spoon at their home in Shatabdi Nagar, Dharavi.The accused, Aarti Thakur, reportedly told the investigators that she branded the girl as she had disobeyed her orders to finish household work on Tuesday.The victim's carpenter father , Sujit Thakur, had gone out for work and her two stepsisters were present in the home. \"Aarti got angry when she saw the victim playing with her stepsisters. She took a hot spoon and branded the girl with it all over her body,\" deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said.The matter came to light when a neighbour, social worker Vibhishan Katke, heard the girl's screams and went over to their house. In the complaint, Katke said, \"The child was crying and had blisters all over her body.\" Based on Katke's complaint, Dharavi senior inspector A S Survegandh and inspector Milind Kurde rushed to the victim's residence and arrested her stepmother.Kurde said Sujit married the accused after his wife died a few years ago. \"The victim was so scared of her stepmother that she never complained to her father,\" Kurde said.The girl is admitted in Sion Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11721007", "title": "'Poor sanitation, unsafe garden for children'in Shriram Nagar taking last breath'", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) garden in Shriram Nagar area in ward no. 8, Panchavati division, is in shambles. Apart from this, the residents in the ward have complained of lack of public lavatories and of garbage disposal problems in some areas.The ward No. 8 is a major one in the Panchavati division and includes the Indrakunda area, Rajpal colony, Kailas Math, Jajuwadi, Ramalaya hospital, Navnath Nagar, Shriram Nagar, Harshvardhan society, Deepali society and the market yard areas. The population of the predominantly middle-class ward is 17,186.A local resident Arun Dhotre, who resides in Shriram Nagar, says, \"The condition of the garden in our areas has deteriorated with broken equipment (play slides, swings etc) The toys in the garden have broken UP and are in a worse condition.There is no lawn in the garden. Sanitary work is not carried out. It has become unsafe for the children to play here. We have raised complaints several times regarding this but no action has been taken by the NMC administration so far.\"\"We have a lavatory in our colony, adjacent to the Shriram Nagar garden but it is in bad condition. It is The lavatory is not cleaned regularly and causes a foul smell in the area. by NMC sweepers and that causes foul smell in the area. Except for this, we have no problem in the area. The roads are good and we get regular water here,\" said Waghale.Another resident B P Deshmukh, who resides in Rohini Nagar, says, \"Sanitation is not ry works are not carried out properly. in our area. The garbage vehicles do not come regularly. It causes inconvenient to us.Earlier, half of the streetlights in our areas were not functioning. But they were recently repaired and started functioning ahead of NMC elections.\" Deshmukh said.When contacted, sitting corporator Vimal Patil said, \"We had set up toys in the Shriram Nagar garden three times, but people in the area do not use it properly.\" and they break it.\"The lawn too has been developed earlier. Besides, lawns had been developed twice in the garden.There are a lack of lavatories in some areas, but there is no space in those areas to construct lavatories,\" Patil added.\"In last five years, I have carried out developmental work worth Rs 47 crore in the area including approval for the construction of the Panchavati divisional office, a road from Dindori Naka to Ramwadi bridge, three public halls and two gymnasiums. 300 electric poles were also put up in the area. Nearly all internal roads within the ward, with the exception of a couple, except one or two, have been concretized,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720745", "title": "2008 graft sting: HC blasts city police, to monitor case", "text": "New Delhi: Cracking its whip on Delhi Police for shielding 33 corrupt cops caught on camera while accepting bribes over four years ago, the Delhi high court on Wednesday stepped in to take charge of the probe.The sting operation - conducted by a vigilant citizen - showed cops, MCD officials, SDM staff accepting money to allow various irregularities including bootlegging, illegal permits for Bluelines and foisting false cases on people.\"This shows lack of good governance. For one and a half years you haven't done anything. It depicts a dismal picture, we are left with no option but to monitor progress in the investigations,\" an anguished bench comprising acting chief justice A K Sikri and justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw observed, as it slammed police and summoned the investigating officer with all the original records.The problem is complaint against policemen is being probed by police officers who will naturally shield them, HC added, expressing its displeasure with the status report submitted by standing counsel, Najmi Waziri.\"When we give directions they are not implemented, we can't monitor continuously. Nothing happens and courts are therefore forced to monitor,\" HC remarked after the Central Vigilance Commission also expressed its helplessness, saying it failed to elicit any cooperation from the Delhi Police in this regard, despite repeated reminders.The police, in its report submitted, that out of all the accused named, 33 policemen and 7 MCD officials were identified but others were untraceable and said disciplinary action is being initiated against those identified, prompting the bench to wonder, \"how can a case of such nature take so long to be investigated is anybody's guess.\"In 2008 and 2010, HC had ordered a probe on a plea by one Chetan Shrama, who had filmed several policeman and MCD officials taking bribes from bootleggers, Blueline owners etc. On Wednesday, Sharma's counsel Manish Khanna told the court that police have failed to register even a single case against the officials despite clear orders by the court to take action. Despite several representations from his client, nothing has been done and his client was threatened by the cops with implication in false cases, Khanna informed HC.The bench was pained to note from the status report, filed by the police, that \"attempts were made to persecute the petitioner and witnesses\" even as those identified accepting bribes remained untouched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721491", "title": "Chargesheet filed against Porvorim parlour owners", "text": "PANAJI: The women and child protection unit of the Goa police has filed a chargesheet against owners of Lotus beauty parlour, Porvorim, for allegedly bringing girls from Nagaland and Mizoram with a promise of providing them with jobs in a beauty parlour and then pushing them into commercial sex work.The chargesheet has been filed in the Children's court as well as JMFC court, Mapusa, as of the 11 victims rescued, one was a minor.Police had received information that the girls were forced into flesh trade while they were working at Lotus parlour and that the three victim girls from Mizoram had escaped from the parlour and taken shelter in Betalbatim. Police rescued the three girls, of which one was a minor, who informed that more girls are in flesh trade at the parlour.Police then raided the parlour and rescued 8 girls from Nagaland, Mizoram and Belgaum. They arrested the parlour owner, Shanta alias Laxmi Mishra, 46, and her employees Rashid Khan, 22, Mohammad Khan, 25, Mohammad Khalid, 25, Mohammad Arif, 21, Nawab I, 27. Later on December 15, 2011, the police arrested Laxmi's husband Harikant alias Harish Mishra, 31. Another accused Alex Hayub from Nagaland is absconding. A case has been booked against the accused under various sections of Indian Penal Code, Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act (ITPA) and Goa Children's Act.The chargesheet reveals that the girls have in their statement said that an advertisement had appeared in a newspaper in Nagaland for work in a spa in Goa and they had appeared for interview before Harish in Nagaland. However, they were brought to Goa and entrusted with the work of giving massage and as beauticians for both male and female customers. They also revealed that 3 girls from Mizoram were beaten up by the accused Laxmi as they refused to have sex with the customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725702", "title": "2G scam: SC asks CBI to submit probe status reports to CVC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the CBI to file status reports on its ongoing probe into the 2G spectrum allocation case to the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).The court's decision came on a plea for setting up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the 2G case, the bench asked CBI to submit status reports on further investigation into the matter to the CVC which will assist the court.The bench asked CBI to submit status reports on further investigation into the case to the CVC which will assist the court.Hailing the order, Swamy said the court's direction is a \"de facto SIT\".A bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly also canceled 122 licences for 2G spectrum saying they were granted in a \"totally arbitrary and unconstitutional manner\".The bench left it to the trial court to decide on the demand for investigation of the alleged role of Home Minister P Chidambaram in the case and ordered auctioning for the grant of licenses afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723439", "title": "PM gives award to BPCL", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Prime minister Manmohan Singh gave away the prestigious SCOPE award for excellence and outstanding contribution for public sector management special institutional to Bharat Pumps &amp; Compressors Limited, Naini. The award given at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on January 31. BPCL CMD AK Jain received the awardThe SCOPE excellence awards are given to recognize the contribution of public enterprises to encourage outstanding persons for their hard work and leadership qualities. Selection of the award has been made by a panel of eminent persons as jury chaired by Justice PN Bhagwati, former Chief Justice of India and Abid Hussain, former ambassador of India to US, Nitish Sengupta, chairman BRPSE and Moosa Raza, former secretary to government of India as members.The company has been sick since its inception in 1970 and was referred to BIFR having suffered losses. The turnaround of Bharat Pumps &amp; Compressors Limited was achieved in 2005-06. Thereafter, the company has never looked back and has been maintaining steady growth since the last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724019", "title": "I have my own rapport with SRK, Salman: Farhan", "text": "Farhan Akhtar explains why he had to let go of his buddy Abhishek Kapoor's next and tackles other controversiesWith great power, comes great responsibilities. Spider-Man's granddad taught him. But in Bollywood , with great fame, comes greater controversies. And nobody needed to teach us this one. Farhan Akhtar, who has established himself not only as a reputed filmmaker but also as an excellent dialogue writer and actor (his recent Filmfare awards certify the fact) has thus been mired by various controversies. Speaking exclusively to Mumbai Mirror, Farhan tries to clear the air...Abhishek Kapoor, who directed Rock On! with Farhan's company Excel Entertainment has chosen UTV over Excel for his next venture. Speaking about the reported 'fallout' with Abhishek, Farhan explained, \"UTV is producing Ahmedabad. I am not sure whether Abhishek's next venture is still called that. See, there was a possibility of us doing either Ahmedabad or Rock On 2 with Abhishek. Ritesh and I both wanted to make Rock On 2. Also, in all fairness, Abhishek is a director who wants to get on with his projects. And I can't start anything before Bhaag Milkha Bhaag is completed.\"And it's not just Abhishek. Recent rumours have suggested that Farhan Akhtar has had a fallout with his partner Ritesh Sidhwani as well. Denying a rift between him and his decade old partner of Excel Entertainment, Farhan said, \"When we start announcing films, people will realise that we are still together. I don't know where these rumours originate. But I also know that they will eventually stop.\"The partners Ritesh and Farhan, however, have no other film to 'announce' apart from the Aamir Khan - Kareena Kapoor - Rani Mukerji starrer Talaash, which is already in post production. \"In the last year we had four films back to back - Game, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Don 2 and Taalash. Now is the time to regroup and start thinking about the future projects. So, Ritesh and I are reading scripts and talking to directors like Vijay Lalwani (Karthik Calling Karthik), Abhishek and Zoya. As far as I am concerned, I hope to direct again next year. I have a couple of ideas that I need to develop. But it will not be Don 3,\" revealed Farhan.While his directorial skills are taking the back seat, Farhan's acting prowess has earned him awards this year. \"It is always a special feeling when you are sppreciated by the audience as well as your fraternity. However, the award for the best dialogues is by far the most special one for me,\" said Farhan.Farhan's presence at Salman Khan's birthday bash at the latter's Panvel farmhouse in December last year had raised a lot of eyebrows in the industry. While people are busy speculating Salman's presence in Farhan's next directorial, the filmmaker and actor explained, \"Everyone knows that Salim uncle (Salman's father Salim Khan) and my father ( Javed Akhtar ) have done a lot of films together. Salman, Zoya and I have been childhood buddies. If he calls me and invites me to a party, I will go. Because it is the right thing to do. Not every relationship is related to us being a part of the film industry.\"Farhan, who is believed to be a Shah Rukh Khan loyalist, also maintained that he doesn't want to be involved in the Sallu-SRK fight. \"That's between them. I have never said it and nor has Shah Rukh or Salman. People can have their own issues. I have my own rapport with Shah Rukh and Salman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720078", "title": "90-B to be abolished, simplified law on cards", "text": "JAIPUR: The cabinet on Wednesday cleared the proposal of incorporating necessary provisions for land use change into the existing 90-A and completely abolished 90-B. The long-pending decision will ensure simplified provisions and will also keep a check on corruption.Briefing the media, UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal said 90-B was introduced in 1999 during the first tenure of chief minister Ashok Gehlot. Lakhs of people were able to reap the benefits under 90-B as the then government ensured ownership rights for them. \"However, during the BJP regime, 90-B became infamous as money-minting exercise, leading to Gehlot announcing that it would be abolished. The decision was finalised today. An ordinance for the same would be released soon,'' he said.Dhariwal said under the amended provisions, a land owner, who surrenders his plot for change in use but whose lay-out plan is not approved, can make an appeal to the authorised official within 30 days. \"The appeals would be taken up at the collector's level,'' he said. He added that all pending files dated before June 17, 1999 would be regularised as per the amended provisions.The cabinet also approved the proposal regarding development of an exhibition-cum-convention centre on 42 acre at Sitapura. It approved the proposal to allot land on lease at an annual premium of Rs 7.80 crore for 60 years.State industries minister Rajendra Pareek said the annual premium would be hiked by 15% every three years. \"Two convention halls would be constructed on plots of 10,000 square metres. The state government will have access to the convention centre for 30 days in a year free of cost and on a priority basis even after that,'' said Pareek. The centre would be developed by Bhaskar Industries Ltd and would bring in an investment of worth Rs 225 crores in infrastructure development.Other important decisions taken in the industries department include forwarding the proposal for allocation of mineral iron ore lease to M/S Kalyani Mining Ventures Pvt Ltd and Kalyani Natural Resources Pvt Ltd in Karauli district, to the union government. The company will set up a special steel manufacturing plant with a proposed investment of about Rs 15, 000 crore. The proposal for allotment of mining lease for silica sand to Saint Gobain Glass India limited Karauli district.The cabinet gave its nod to the guidelines on Schedule Castes Sub Plan (SCSP) and Tribal Sub Plan (TSP) and for allotment of 59.32 acres of land to Manipal Education Foundation at 40 percent of the reserved price under the policy for allotment of land at concessional rates to Public Charitable and Social Organisations/Institutions in urban areas.BOX90 B abolishedProvisions for change in land use incorporated into 90 ANod to allotment of land on lease for convention centre in SitapurAmendment in Rajasthan Voluntary Rural Education Service Rules, 2010Regulation of land allotted to Manipal Group of Hospital, Bangalore59.32 acres land to Manipal Education Foundation at concessional rates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722541", "title": "Teacher found murdered, friend held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have claimed to have solved the murder of a 31-year-old school teacher just seven hours after he was found with his throat slit in his room at Pazhavanthangal on Wednesday morning with the arrest of one of his friends.Police said the accused told them he committed the crime after being sexually assaulted by the teacher.The body of Ramasundaramani , a math teacher at a private matriculation school in Royapuram who had been staying in a room on College Road in Pazhavanthanal for six years, was found after Rafeeq, a neighbour, complained to house owner Jaferchand about a foul smell emanating from the room. The two knocked on the door. When there was no response , they broke open the door and found Ramasundaramani in a pool of blood with his throat slit. Police were informed and a team led by Pazhavanthangal inspector Balakrishna Prabhu rushed there.Initial investigation revealed that Ramasundaramani was a native of Ramnad and a PhD holder. \"He was a bachelor. There were many liquor bottles in his room, so we assumed he was a regular drinker. A broken bottle led us to believe there was a scuffle before the murder ,\" said a police officer.Some friends were initially staying with Ramasundaramani but they later moved out. \"For the past six months he has been staying alone and was visited by his friends. He often drank with Muthukumar, owner of a cellphone repair shop. On Monday evening, Muthukumar brought Ramasundaramani liquor and food and left,\" said St Thomas Mount deputy commissioner of police Saravanan.Muthukumar returned to the house at 10.30pm. \"Ramasundaramani closed the door and assaulted him sexually. Muthukumar grew furious and attacked him with a beer bottle,\" said Saravanan.After this, he closed the door and left the house. \"He came to his shop on Tuesday and was present at the spot when police took out the body on Wednesday,\" said a source. \"Later, after neighbours revealed that Muthukumar was Ramasundaramani's friend, police found injuries on his hand and he confessed to committing the crime.\"Police said they were sure the murder was committed by someone known to Ramasundaramani . \"There were no signs of forced entry,\" said Balakrishna Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11721028", "title": "Dream road, hidden from city", "text": "HOWRAH: How many times have you fretted over the endless traffic jams and the horrible stink as you move from Howrah station towards Kolkata via the Howrah bridge? If you are really unlucky it takes an hour to reach Esplanade. If you are lucky, a half-hour for the 3km ride. But what if you were given the option of breezing through this distance in just 15 minutes? With the breathtaking view of River Hooghly as an added attraction.The road is very much there. So why isn't it used?Grand Foreshore Road is a well maintained, 40-foot-wide metalled road that skirts the banks of the Hooghly on the Howrah side for 2.5km and gives you a view of the Ganges far better than what you get from the Kolkata end. Driving down Grand Foreshore Road is a surprise - a surprise that Howrah, with its endless traffic snarls, has maintained perfectly for years. It is hardly ever used by public or private transport.The reason: faulty traffic planning. The new Howrah police commissionerate admits that the city's traffic congestion can greatly eased if Grand Foreshore Road were opened to traffic. But no one can explain why it has not been done.The road starts immediately after the Rail Museum, off Howrah station, and runs along the Hooghly till it steers into Foreshore Road after Ramkrishnapur Ghat. For years, even Foreshore Road - which runs parallel to its 'Grand' cousin and is double the width - was underutilised. Traffic was allowed to move on the road from the Howrah Sadar side towards Kona Expressway, GT Road or Vidyasagar Setu. It was only a year back that the district police opened it up to private vehicles on both sides. However, public and goods vehicles still ply in one direction.Now, nearly 5,000 vehicles use Foreshore Road, either via Howrah bridge or the designated termini at Howrah Station via Bankim Setu and Rishi Bankim Road. This flow leads to one of Howrah's worst traffic messes. Rishi Bankim Bridge, over the rail lines of Howrah station, has already been termed \"structurally weak\" but nothing has been done to reduce its load. Second, all vehicles moving into Howrah (excepting those moving to Howrah north), snake into each other at Howrah Sadar's most important junction that has the Howrah Municipal Corporation, Howrah Hospital, Howrah court, the DM's bungalow, Town Hall and Sarat Sadan. To add to this, construction of the East West Metro is in progress right at this junction.The chaos could be n avoided if Grand Foreshore Road were opened up to long distance public vehicles and goods vehicles that do not need to cross Howrah Maidan. The commissionerate agrees.Taxis at Howrah station can easily take Grand Foreshore Road to reach the second Hooghly bridge within a matter of minutes and enter the city. Instead, cabbies lead unsuspecting passengers into the perennial traffic mess at the foot of Howrah bridge. \"We didn't know that there was an alternate route. We have been waiting at this traffic jam for over half an hour now,\" said Amit Raha, a senior executive of the State Trading Corporation, who lives in Delhi and has come to the city to attend a wedding. \"What is worse is the garbage piled all along this stretch. What an embarrassment.\"The reality is that even if a passenger insists on taking the second Hooghly bridge, taxis won't comply. The few that do will not take Grand Foreshore Road, which is a stone's throw from the station. They will take Rishi Bankim Setu instead and move on to Foreshore Road - a detour of at least 5km.\"Taking Grand Foreshore Road means a loss. We are happy that there are no signs at the station till date,\" said Sanjoy Pal, a taxi driver at the pre-paid stand. Those manning the booth admit that they do not educate passengers about Grand Foreshore Road because they fear angering the cabbies. \"There are very few passengers who know about the road,\" said Manish Sarkar, a traffic constable, near the pre-paid booth.\"We are chalking out plans to utlise Grand Foreshore Road. There is a technical issue. To get to Foreshore Road, you have cross about 500 metres of the road near the station that belongs to the railways. We will have to take permissions for this. We will soon start a dialogue,\" promised Ajay Ranade, commissioner.He pointed out that if trucks and long-distance buses are channeled to Grand Foreshore Road right after Howrah bridge instead of making them take Bankim Setu, Howrah's traffic problem will be reduced by half. \"We will have to put up proper signages to publicise this important road,\" he added.Ever since Vidyasagar Setu was commissioned 19 years ago, Foreshore Road started getting dotted with housing complexes because of its proximity to the city. These complexes use GT Road as their entry and exit points because of unavailability of local transport facilities on Foreshore Road, thus increasing the mess on the already overloaded GT Road. \"There are no local buses on Foreshore Road to take us to Kolkata. Many of us have been forced to buy private vehicles, which we could have easily avoided,\" said Neha Mathur, a resident of Vivek Vihar on Foreshore Road.Many residents point out that because Foreshore Road is underutilised, it is also prone to crime. \"The entire stretch is ill-lit. The lanes opening into Grand Foreshore Road are full of snatchers and thieves. It is impossible to walk after dark. You will see people sitting around and taking drugs,\" said Chandra Chatterjee, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11723692", "title": "OMCs losing 20 crore an hour", "text": "MUMBAI: The under recoveries of the state-owned oil marketing companies (OMCs) for selling petroleum products below cost prices have widened to Rs 470 crore a day, or Rs 20 an hour, with effect from Wednesday, according to the latest government data. The OMCs lost Rs 427 each day in January.Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) are losing Rs 11.35 per litre on sale of diesel, Rs 28.77 per litre on sale of kerosene and Rs 378 per cylinder on LPG, according to the Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell of the petroleum ministry.So far, the OMCs have already lost Rs 97,313 crore during first nine months of the current fiscal against under recoveries of Rs 64,900 crore in the year ago period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "11719827", "title": "Egypt football violence: 73 killed in clashes after the match", "text": "CAIRO: According to Egypt state TV, 73 people have been killed as fans invaded the pitch after a soccer game between fierce rivals in the Egyptian city of Port Said.One player described the incident as \"a war, not football\".The game was between Al Ahli, one of Egypt's most successful clubs, and al-Masry, a team based in Port Said. Live television footage showed fans running onto the field and chasing Ahli soccer players.Ahli player Mohamed Abo Treika described the violence as war as Masry fans invaded the pitch after the referee blew the whistle, even though the team had beaten Ahli 3-1.\"This is not football. This is a war and people are dying in front of us. There is no movement and no security and no ambulances,\" Abo Treika told the Ahli television channel. \"I call for the premier league to be cancelled. This is horrible situation and today can never be forgotten.\"State television quoted Hesham Sheiha, deputy health minister, as saying that most of the injuries were caused by concussion and deep cuts.Another match in Cairo was halted by the referee after receiving news of the violence in Port Said, prompting fans to set parts of the stadium on fire, television footage showed.Violence at football matches across north Africa has increased significantly since political unrest sweeping across the region began more than a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721121", "title": "Insufficient water supply hits city's bio-diversity park", "text": "GURGAON: The bio-diversity park in the Aravali forest may be home to millions of trees but the ambitious project is facing an acute shortage of water and most planted trees have wilted.The organisations working in the bio-diversity park claim that the tubewells in the area are insufficient to fulfill the water demand of the thousands of trees planted in the forest. Madan Mohan, president of an NGO which recently planted more than 5,000 trees in the park told TOI that the problems would be aggravated in the coming summers as the water shortage problem is set to get more acute.\"The rocky terrain and the lack of water supply have become a major challenge for the NGOs and the organisations working in the park. We are trying our best to ensure adequate water supply for the trees but I must confess it's a tough task,\" he said. According to the MCG officials, the park previously had just one borewell which failed to fulfill the water requirements; later, the department tried digging two more borewells out of which only one is functional.\"Several agencies approached the MCG to come up with a solution for the water shortage. We dug two more borewells, but unfortunately the depleting water table meant that only one borewell could be successful. The park still requires more such borewells,\" said a senior MCG official. Environmentalists who have been working on different projects in the park said that termite is also one of the major problems the park is facing which is also a by-product of water supply shortage in bio-diversity park. Vivek Kamboj, founder of Haryali, an NCR-based NGO who recently transplanted many trees to the bio-diversity park said that if the trees are supplied with water regularly, the termites would not have appeared.\"Termites can be very harmful for plants and they need to be watered regularly to solve the problem, apart from using pesticide. Many transplanted trees died because of termite,\" he said. The NGOs claim that the officials too left the planted saplings to the mercy of intermittent showers, which are insufficient for their survival. Meanwhile, other organisations are working out ways to save the remaining trees and combat the situation. Sanjay Kaushik, president of the NGO Uthaan said, \"We are seeking support from the MCG to allow us to use the treated water from different sewage treatment plants so that we can save the trees. The concept is presently functional in other parts of the city; like the green belt on Sohna Road is supplied treated water.\"A separate Gurgaon bio-diversity park management society was formed under the former municipal commissioner. The MCG commissioner was assigned the post of the chairperson and the deputy commissioner, Gurgaon, the vice president of the executive committee. The main purpose of the executive committee was to look after the flora and fauna in the bio-diversity park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724670", "title": "Most dug-up roads await repair", "text": "VARANASI: Better condition of city roads tops the wish list of every denizen. Firstly, if officials of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) are to be believed, there are no funds to repair the damaged roads and secondly, the roads damaged during the digging work of Jal Nigam are no concern of VNN.According to VNN's chief engineer Upendra Nath Tripathi, there are orders from authorities that Jal Nigam has to repair the roads damaged once the digging work is completed. \"Public Works Department (PWD) and VNN applied for a fund of Rs 50 crore each to start the repair work. But it only received a budget of 439 lakh as Calamity Relief Fund to undertake the construction of roads damaged due to rain,\" informed Tripathi.\"Thus, there is no fund to repair other roads of the city,\" added Tripathi. At present, 22 internal roads of the city are undergoing repair work since November 15. These roads are the ones that have been damaged during the monsoon season. They include Ramkatora Crossing, Amarpur Batulohiya Road, Bhairo Nath crossing, Motijheel Road, Lallapura, Old Sankat Mochan Road, Mehmoorganj Road. They would take around 15-20 days to get fully repaired.According to Tripathi, the repair work on eight roads at Dhoopchandi, Jaitpura, Sundarpur, Ranipur, Adampur, Sudamapur and Badi Gaibi were stopped with the implementation of the model code of conduct.It is worth mentioning here that, due to the transfer of dug-up roads to Jal Nigam for construction, the least damaged roads during monsoons are being repaired at first place while the dug-up and badly damaged roads with potholes and many trough and crests are still in the same state for more than 7-8 months. The roads inRewdi Talab, Daranagar, Bunkar Colony, Samne Ghat, Nagwa, Chowkaghat, Pandeypur are such major roads that are still awaiting their turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722573", "title": "Radio frequency gizmo to track billboards soon", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to regulate billboards across the city, the corporation plans to install a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) system. The authorities will tag electronically each billboard. Vehicles fitted with radio frequency identification equipment will scan the boards to measure their size and location. Based on these inputs, the authorities will arrive at the tax for each board.Senior officials said that after obtaining sanction, the advertisers or their contractors put up bigger flex-boards without the consent of the corporation. The corporation council has approved the project report submitted by Keltron for installing the devices.The new system estimated to cost Rs 45 lakh, is slated to be introduced on April 1. As an initial step, Keltron will bring in 500 electronic tags and readers. \"RFID technology consists of a reader and an electronic tag attached to the hoarding for exchanging data with the help of radio waves. This will be used for the purpose of identification and tracking advertisements,\" said town planning standing committee chairman, K J Sohan. \"Once RFID is introduced, measurements, date of sanctioning, names of agencies and other basic information will be embedded in the tag attached to the hoarding. This will make it possible to identify illegal hoardings,\" said town planning officer, K S Subash.The authorities also plan to introduce a bylaw to standardize the system. According to sources, after getting legal opinion it would be tabled before the corporation council for approval. Most hoardings in the city often distract motorists and do not comply with the norms of Indian Road Congress which stipulates that it should be 50 metres away from the road and 15-metre high.\"So far, no periodical checks have been conducted by officials to keep a tab on the period allowed for displaying a hoarding. Moreover, there are no checks to ascertain the physical condition of the hoardings such as their stability or height,\" leader of opposition at the council, K J Jacob said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11719498", "title": "UP polls: Cong fearing OBC backlash over Muslim quota pledge?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress appeared guarded in its commitment for Muslim quota in Uttar Pradesh poll manifesto, triggering speculation if it was apprehensive of the reaction among Hindu OBCs owing to aggressive BJP campaign.The manifesto promises to \"work towards\" carving out quota for minorities in proportion to their population within the OBC list, a diluted version of law minister Salman Khurshid's claim in Farrukhabad that Congress would give 9% reservation to Muslims.Besides the omission of quota quantum, the formulation of making it an \"objective\" rather than a poll pledge appeared aimed at keeping an elbow room in case of rethink or failure to deliver. A categorical promise to give Muslim quota would tie the party to the commitment, and that could be an easy fodder for \"secular rivals\" in future.The dilution is in stark contrast to aggressive Muslim posturing done by Rahul Gandhi and other leaders during the campaign. The young leader asked SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav in successive rallies why he had not given Muslim quota during his tenure as the CM.The sudden silence coincided with BJP's aggression to paint the 4.5% minority quota at the Centre as an assault on the opportunities of Hindu backwards. The party claimed the sub-quota would shrink the opportunities for Hindu OBCs, pitch forking rabble rouser Uma Bharati to propagate the theme across the state.Congress may feel that its initial aggression has conveyed the message, and it would be prudent to tone down the rhetoric closer to polls for fear of not provoking the Hindu sections. The apprehension, however, is not new.Khurshid told a rally at Kaimganj in December that Congress would create a sub-quota for 'most backwards' too in a bid to allay fears that their pending demand for sub-quota had been ignored. It was a clear attempt to drive a wedge between MBCs and minorities, and the \"forwards among backwards\" within the monolithic OBC fold.AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari said there was nothing amiss in the manifesto, calling Khurshid's claim of 9% promise his individual view. While Khurshid had defended his comment before the EC by saying he was aware of party's coming poll promise since he was chairman of the manifesto committee, Tiwari said, \"The key word is committee, of which he is the chairman. There were other members and it was a collective decision.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "islamabad/london", "code": "11722258", "title": "Nato report rips open Pak \u2018double game\u2019 in Afghanistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD/LONDON: Exposing the ISI's \"manipulation\" of Taliban's senior leadership and its \"massive double game\", a damning Nato report says that Pakistan government remains \"intimately\" involved with the Afghan-based terror group.It leaked out on a day when Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar arrived in Kabul on a one-day visit for talks with the Afghan leadership.The Nato report contains accusations that Pakistan is playing a massive double game with the West as it publicly claims to seek a political solution to the Afghan conflict , while still supporting fighters who have killed thousands of international troops. Many of the revelations concern the scale of support to the Taliban provided by Pakistan and the influence of ISI agency.\"The government of Pakistan remains intimately involved with the Taliban,\" the Telegraph quoted the report as saying.Reacting to the report, Khar was quoted as saying, \"We can disregard this as a potentially strategic leak... This is old wine in an even older bottle.\" The report is based on material from 27,000 interrogations with more than 4,000 captured Taliban , al-Qaida and other foreign fighters and civilians. It notes: \"Pakistan's manipulation of Taliban senior leadership continues unabatedly. Pakistan is aware of locations of Taliban leaders.\"Pak: Allegations frivolous, we are committed to peacePakistan on Wednesday reacted angrily to a leaked Nato report that accused its security services of helping Afghan Taliban just as foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar began a visit to Kabul, saying the allegations were \"frivolous\" . \"This is frivolous, to put it mildly. We are committed to non-interference in Afghanistan and expect all states to strictly adhere to it,\" foreign office spokesman Abdul Basit said. \"We are committed to an Afghan-led and Afghan-owned reconciliation process.. A stable, peaceful Afghanistan is in our own interest and we are very much cognizant of this,\" Basit said. Pakistan, he said, had \"suffered enormously because of the long war in Afghanistan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11724460", "title": "Chidambaram must resign in 2G case: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Supreme Court leaving it to the trial court to decide on probe against Home Minister P Chidambaram in 2G case, BJP today demanded his resignation till the matter is settled.\"...He (Chidambaram) is fully involved in the entire scam and he has two days' reprieve. But issue of probity in public life demands that either Chidambaram puts in his papers on his own, or if he refuses to do so, the Prime Minister must recommend to the President to sack him him from the government with immediate effect,\" BJP leader Balbir Punj said here.When asked whether it is premature for the party to demand the resignation of Chidambaram, who was the then Finance Minister, Punj said if he is given a clean chit by the trial court, he can return to the Union Cabinet.Welcoming the apex court judgement, he said it has confirmed what the country knew that 2G is one of the biggest scams and all allocations made were \"absolutely fraudelent and not done on merit but on other considerations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720243", "title": "Masters of the virtual universe", "text": "Every time he felt the urge to shake a leg, Sainath Ghatkar would take refuge in a secret virtual universe where he was known only as 'Cody9'. Every evening, after tuitions, the 12-year-old and his friends would race to a cyber cafe, put on a pair of headphones and play Dance Mela. The online game allowed the kids to create virtual avatars of themselves that could be made to groove using keyboard controls. This indulgence would cost Sainath Rs 25 per hour and on weekends, even more, but Cody9 didn't mind. \"For Rs 30, I could get the code, which allowed me to buy virtual clothes on the website, and these were funkier than those available for free,\" he says.Most gameplexes and cyber cafes are now populated by kids like Ghatkar who are better known in their circle by their virtual spy-like nicknames. And unlike an earlier generation-to which projects were handwritten and homework was confined chiefly to school curriculum-today, kids as young as three are taking recourse to iPads and enlisting Google's help with academics. A 2011 study titled 'New Generations', conducted by a children's television channel, surveyed 3,759 children in the age group of 7-14 years and 1,121 parents of 4-6 year-olds in nine Indian cities. It revealed that 79% of the respondents were mobilephone users and 92% have mobilephones in their homes, compared to just 17% a decade ago. The study highlighted that kids today have better access to consumer electronics, and the number of kids with computers at home had increased from 6% in 2001, to 22% in 2011. Around 45% turned to the net for information, 19% for social networking and 23% for homework.Children between five and 12 years are now invited to focus group discussions, during which they make suggestions to web developers over pizzas and colas. \"We run polls on our blog asking kids about their preferences,\" says Raj Menon, COO of games2win.com. \"We try and incorporate their suggestions into our products.\"Quentin Staespolet of Kreeda Games, recalled a child of about eight who had withdrawn into a shell after his parents' divorce. His uncle re-established communication with the kid through Kreeda's game Dance Mela. He created an avatar on it and chatted with his nephew online.With children getting their own desktops, mobilephones and Facebook accounts, their pester power, too, has gone up. For one, \"they now want to play what the elders are playing, which is why games are now becoming age-neutral,\" reveals Vishal Gondal of Indiagames.com. \"The hand-back market-the trend of kids playing with their parents' phones in the car or at home, etc and handing it back after the ride-is big,\" says Gondal.Menon, who measured country-wise, the number of visits a child made to the site before the parents said that for Indian kids, it was 61. Noopur Kanchan, an educationist who has developed a cyber safety programme to educate people on parental locks, says: \"We don't give our kids the car keys unless we have seen them drive under our supervision. Similarly, we need to teach and guide them about the virtual world too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722466", "title": "Building registered in the name of Khandelwal's wife", "text": "NAGPUR: Pramod Khandelwal was inside the ill-fated building in Chikhli Layout in Kalamna minutes before it collapsed and had stepped out to visit his hospitalized relative. He told this to Kalamna police who now have him in custody.Khandelwal surrendered before Kalamna police on Tuesday evening. He walked to the police station around 6 pm and was arrested later. Khandelwal was booked under 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC and other sections.NIT sources confirmed that the building was in the name of Khandelwal's wife. However, police said that they are yet to confirm the details. \"We have checked the papers and have passed it to higher authorities to confirm in whose name the building is. Further steps will follow,\" said DCP Zone III, Sanjay Darade. If the building is in his wife's name, then cops would have to register offence against her.On being produced in the court on Wednesday afternoon, Judicial Magistrate First Class, D R Deshmukh remanded Khandelwal to police custody on the ground that vital documents were yet to be recovered from his possession and custodial interrogation was needed to ascertain facts about the building.Police said they were yet to check Khandelwal's flat in Quetta colony and hence documents could not be seized. His counsel Prakash Naidu argued that Khandelwal was a layman and was unaware if any inferior quality material was used in construction.\"Khandelwal had sanctioned the building plan and had entrusted the construction to the contractor Dilip Nandanwar and architect Santosh Sahoo. It was their duty to design the building to specifications and ensure quality of material and construction,\" said Naidu.It is learnt the construction started on November 14, 2010. \"It's hard to believe that the six storey building was ready within a short span of one year and two months. Besides, construction was still on in some parts,\" said Megha Mahajan, public prosecutor. She contended that the owner should not have stored grains before completing the construction work. She pointed out that the records of merchants and the stored grains were also missing. \"Khandelwal ignored safety measures while the construction work was on.\" she added.Naidu said that as per the building's specifications, 4000 quintals could be stored in it but actually only 800 quintal grains was stored in it. \"Other records of labourers, their attendance, the merchants and grains are under the debris. Khandelwal has no knowledge of any conspiracy and didn't have any wrong intention. Why would he do it purposely, when his relatives and friends are under debris,\" said Naidu.Naidu said that Khandelwal's custody was not required as he had already provided address and contact number of Nandanwar and Sahoo. Police said they were absconding and their numbers were not reachable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721277", "title": "Focus likely on harvesting rainwater to boost irrigation in parched Vidarbha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Experts have given thumbs down to big irrigation projects in Vidarbha, a view that may mark major shift in government's approach in tackling the crisis of vulnerable cotton farmers after the expiry of Prime Minister's special package for the region.The Centre may now go for a scheme which would junk big irrigation dams in Vidarbha, and instead focus on harvesting rainwater to boost irrigation.The National Rainfed Area Authority (NRAA) has dubbed the big and medium projects as \"overdesigned\", filled only up to 34% in 2008-09 and 41% in 2009-10. The negative feedback underlines some of the misdirected priorities of Rs 3750-crore PM's package for cotton farmers and Maharashtra government who funneled major chunk of funds for big and medium irrigation projects.The expert view against the new irrigation projects seems to point to the need for change in approach. That water is basically not available, largely because of the absence of rivers in Vidarbha, is evident from empty irrigation tanks. The NRAA has said there is no scope for any new irrigation projects in the region.The scheme, to target cotton farmers in eight districts over next five years, would include harvesting of rainwater through check dams, farm ponds, desiltation of existing check dams, restoration of minor irrigation potential and micro-irrigation. There could be over 40,000 farm ponds and 100 new check dams, while interventions like lift irrigation would be made.The scheme would be a big departure from the big project theory that has failed in Vidarbha because of absence of water. There are no glacial rivers which can be tapped and only rains feed the parched fields in the region, even though cotton requires huge quantities of water.Insiders say the reliance on small ponds and water harvesting is a throwback to pre-Independence era when the irrigation potential in Vidarbha was as high as 0.50 lakh hectare, largely due to malguzari tanks constructed in 16th-17th century. But over the years, other regions of Maharashtra have stolen a march over Vidarbha that has been in the news for a spate of farmers' suicides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11725855", "title": "Seven-day theatre festival ends", "text": "DHARWAD: Curtains came down on the seven- day Bahuroopi theatre festival, Svathantra-Natak-Sangram, organized by Dharwad unit of Rangayana at the open air theatre in its premises on Monday.Seven plays - 'Kadadida Neeru' (directed by Mohan Mysore), 'Sayo Ata' 'Jatre' (directed by Prakash Garud), 'Veer Rani Kittur Chenamma' (directed by Bharathi Shirhatti), 'Veer Sindhur Lakshman' (directed by Appasaheb Mevundi),'Samarasimha Sangolli Rayanna' (directed by Prabhu Hanchinal), 'Mailar Mahadev' (directed by K Jagguchandra) and 'Banta Amatur Balappa' (directed by Shrishail Huddar) - were staged during the festival.Speaking at the valedictory function, writer Giraddi Govindraj hailed the role played by theatre companies in the pre-independence period in using the theatre as a medium to motivate people to join the sfreedom struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721045", "title": "Sufi trail leads world to Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: From the biggest music magazine of Europe to the tribal drumming association of Ghana, Kolkata, the classical music capital, now has the world's attention for its love for sufi.Come Friday, artistes from Azerbaijan, Denmark, Egypt, Hungary and Morocco will rock Mohar Kunj and exchange notes with their cousins in West Bengal, Delhi and Kashmir. The stage is set for Sufi Sutra II, organized by Banglanatak.com and designed by fusion maestro Tanmoy Bose, on February 3-5. And this time, the music extravaganza will feature both European and Persian sufi, alongside Indian performances. Bauls and fakirs from Nadia and Murshidabad will showcase Bangla qawwali, and there will be workshops every morning, followed by akhras, which will also feature Nirgun artistes from Bihar, an exclusive sect of Kabir followers.\"This event will be an amalgamation of sufi practitioners and sufi performers. At Mohar Kunj, one will get to see mystics who sing at dargahs and holy shrines all over the world,\" says Banglanatak head Amitava Bhattacharya. \"Following the success of Sufi Sutra I, rural singers showcased their art in places like Tunisia, Geneva and London . Last night (Tuesday) another rural group performed in Damascus , Syria ,\" says Bhattacharya, whose Art for Life initiative has earned support from a wide range of global organizations.\"The spirit of the Morocco Sacred Festival will be invoked with the participation of artistes from Fez. They sing sufi in a mixture of Arabic and tribal languages. I had the opportunity to see them in action while on a tour with guruji Ravi Shankar ji,\" says Tanmoy Bose. \"I would like to find out what last year's audience listened to for one long year... How much homework have they done on world music following last year's festival,\" he laughs.Sufi is meant to blur barriers. Sufi compositions convey a message of peace, acceptance, brotherhood and universal love. But the Orient West Choir from Denmark, composed of Israeli and Palestinian orchestra members, is a lesson in itself. Led by Dalia Faitelson, the ensemble attempts to \"break down the barriers between Jewish and Palestinian musicians, thereby embracing one of the most pertinent political topics of our times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719932", "title": "BP Acharya back in Dilkusha", "text": "HYDERABAD: In high procedural drama between authorities of Chanchalguda jail, Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) and the CBI on Wednesday night, IAS officer B P Acharya, who was earlier in the day remanded in judicial custody by the CBI special court till February 15 after being arrested in the APIIC-Emaar scam case, was forced to spend the night at Dilkusha Guest House in CBI custody.Acharya, who was suspended from the service late in the night, will be produced before CBI special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma on Thursday morning after which he will be sent to Chanchalguda jail.On a day when the CBI was preoccupied with the filing of the chargesheet in the Emaar scam case, the investigation agency did not seek extension of Acharya's custody which ended at 4 pm on Wednesday. CBI special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma then sent the senior bureaucrat and serving home secretary to judicial custody till February 15.The bail petition moved by Acharya came up for hearing on Wednesday but the matter was posted for February 3.In the meantime, Nims authorities said all is well with Acharya and that he will be discharged by the evening. The officer was admitted to the VIP room in the ICCU on Tuesday evening after he complained of chest pain, headache and giddiness. Acharya underwent a battery of medical tests throughout the day that only concluded that he was fit and fine.\"13 ECGs were done at regular intervals to assess his heart condition. Apart from the ECGs, echo, X-ray as well as the dobutamine stress thallium test was done on him during the day. All the reports are stable. The authorities have to take him back,\" Nims director Dr Dharmarakshak told the media.A medical bulletin released by the hospital earlier in the day had also stated that his vital parameters were stable and by Wednesday evening, wanted to discharge him.However, by 9 pm, jail authorities landed up at Nims and insisted that the CBI keep him under their custody for the night as he cannot be taken to the jail after dark even as the hospital authorities said Acharya is no longer a patient under their care.Finally, around 9.15 pm, the CBI took Acharya to the Banjara Hills residence of the CBI special judge who pronounced that the accused be produced before him again on Thursday morning. In the meantime, the CBI was directed to take care of his custody for the night. The CBI then took him to Dilkusha guest house and lodged him there.Earlier, during his day-long treatment at Nims, the officer had a couple of relatives visiting him at the hospital. Highly placed sources said that Acharya was heard requesting some hospital staff to call Care Hospital cardiologist Dr Somaraju for a consultation that eventually did not materialise. Amidst the treatment, authorities at Nims were in a dilemma in the afternoon as to who will foot the hospital bills - the patient or the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719556", "title": "Medicos in no mood to relent", "text": "HYDERABAD: There seems to be no end in sight to the agitation launched by junior doctors across the state with neither the state government nor the medicos in a mood to relent.In another attack on the government, the medicos on Wednesday highlighted the pathetic reality in the poorly-equipped tertiary care hospitals.They said that on Tuesday, a diabetic patient, Mohammed Raheem, 36, was rushed to Osmania General Hospital in an unconscious condition but the hospital did not have as basic an instrument as a glucometer (it determines the approximate concentration of glucose in the blood).Surprisingly, the hospital staffers on duty directed Raheem's attendants to buy a glucometer costing Rs 2,500. The attendants were taken aback due to the high handed attitude of the hospital staffers. As they expressed their helplessness, they were then asked to take the patient to Gandhi Hospital.Their woes did not end here. As they painstakingly reached the hospital in the midnight with some hope, the staff there who were supposed to provide free treatment instead asked the family to buy glucometer strips.The glucometer strips were arranged after a huge delay, the medicos said adding that Raheem is currently battling for life at Gandhi Hospital. Apart from a hike in stipend, the medicos have also been demanding ungradation of infrastructure in the emergency wards of hospitals.Meanwhile, an all-party meeting was held at the Gandhi Hospital where 4,000-odd medicos gathered as part of the 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally.Representatives of all political parties except the ruling Congress gathered to lend their support to the agitating medicos and promised a meeting with the chief minister.A fresh batch comprising 12 medicos, including two women, also began an indefinite fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721276", "title": "CEC satisfied with Goa poll preparations", "text": "PANAJI: The chief election commissioner Dr S Y Quraishi on Tuesday said that the election commission of India is \"examining\" the complaint against Aldona Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar and is seeking legal opinion on it before it recommends what action the Goa chief electoral officer should take on the complaint.Former Goa cricket association member Shekhar Salkar had demanded before that Narvekar, a forme minister, should be disqualified from contesting the upcoming polls on the grounds that he allegedly distributed sports kits and cheques while the model code of conduct was in force. The CEO had referred the complaint to the ECI.Briefing the media after holding meetings with various political parties, election officials, police and the bureaucracy, Quraishi said that the ECI is satisfied with the poll preparedness in Goa. However, he assured to tighten vigil on poll-related malpractices in the state. Quraishi addressed the media in the presence of fellow election commissioners V S Sampath, H S Brahma and Goa's poll icon Remo Fernandes.Asked about what kind of control the election authorities were exercising on the money being spent by prospective candidates now, Quraishi lamented that the powers of the election authorities start from the date the candidates file their nomination papers and not prior to that.He also warned state election officials of \"strict action if they were found guilty of partisanship towards political parties.\"The CEC expressed happiness that Goa has 100% coverage of electoral photo-identity cards and almost 100% coverage of photographs on electoral rolls. Quraishi also said that the number of polling stations in Goa has gone up \"extraordinarily\" from 1000-odd to 1612, which is a net increase of 60%. This has created a problem of organizing adequate security for all the polling stations, he said, adding that 98 hypersensitive polling stations have been identified in Goa where proper security will be deployed.While Goa has the distinction of being the first state to use electronic voting machines in the entire country, it would also be the first state to have the \"poll monitoring system\" throughout the state during the March elections. He also said that on national voters' day on January 25, 2012, the election commission of India issued voter cards to 3.8 crore youth on that one day, making it the biggest youth empowerment exercise in the whole world. Quraishi's sentiments were summed up by election commissioner H S Bhrama's single-sentence appeal to voters: \"making the country strong and great is in your hands.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721482", "title": "Briton admits he's wanted for 5 thefts in UK", "text": "PANAJI: British national Mcmullan Christian, 41, who was arrested by the Calangute police on Tuesday for stealing gold ornaments worth Rs 19.21 lakh from a jewellery shop in Calangute market, has admitted that he is wanted by the UK police for five robberies there.Police had raided his room in Baga and recovered gold ornaments. The Briton had hatched the plan with local Anthony Mascarenhas, 31, who works in a shack in Calangute. Police have also arrested Mascarenhas.\"The Briton had befriended Anthony in a shack, where the local worked as a waiter. They decided to commit theft in the shop as it was not located on the main road,\" police said.They got their opportunity on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Complainant Digambar Sangodkar said that on Friday, he had closed his shop at 10pm. Next day, at about 9am, his friend called him informing that the shop's shutter was partly open.But a Kashmiri trader, whom the Briton had contacted to sell the jewellery, grew suspicious and spilled the beans to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722382", "title": "Parents must kill hype around exams: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The financial capital's children are more tense about exams than their counterparts in Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore and Kolkata. They not only compromise on their playtime-almost 42% of the children interviewed didn't watch TV at all in the run-up to their exams-but also on their meals.Around 39% of Mumbai's students do not get adequate sleep during examinations, said the survey. Dr Deepak Ugra of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics pointed out a vicious cycle of poor nutrition and ill-health . \"Due to exam stress, children suffer from low immunity . They are more susceptible to viral or other infections,'' he said. Mumbai's kids also complain of another illness-headaches . \"They cram too much in a short time. Concentration issues lead to anxiety and/or lack of sleep,\" said Dr Ugra.The problem is pan-Indian , say IMA officials. \"Children are sleeping less, eating junk food and ignoring hygiene. What can the result be? Obviously, they run the risk of falling sick during exams,\" said All-India Institute of Medical Sciences chief dietician Anuja Agarwal, who is also a member of the IMA.IMA's Pawan Gupta, the lead author of the survey, said: \"It is quite natural for children to give board exams their best shot but practices like skipping meals and foregoing study breaks take their toll. What children don't realize is that these practices increase their risk of contracting illnesses and can nullify their efforts.\"Educationists believe that it is the environment at home that can be more stressing. \"Parents are more stressed than children these days,\" said J Roberts of Oxford Public School. Most principals agreed that parents are the ones they need to counsel more.With the Right to Education Act in place, the aim is to reduce exam stress and focus more on class performance. \"We also ensure that students don't get stressed. Still, parents end up worrying and this brings in competition,\" said Natasha Mehta, principal of Euro School in Navi Mumbai.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty said exams were hyped in family as well as society. \"Board exams define the self-esteem of the entire family. Children end up either eating a lot or not eating at all. It is important for them to play and de-stress themselves . Parents must ensure that exams do not define the talent of the child,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11721563", "title": "A historic train faces an uncertain future", "text": "AMRAVATI: For 109 years, Shakuntala Express has connected about two dozen villages in Vidarbha's cotton belt. It is the train social reformer Sant Gadge Maharaj often travelled in.But for most rural travelers, Shakuntala Express is much more than history on rails: it is a reliable link to take them to destinations that have no other rail links.The train that runs from Yavatmal to Achalpur has its own glorious past, but soon it may become history. Though questions have time and again been raised about the continuation of this service, given its viability, the recent move of the railways to discontinue halts at least eight stations on the Murtizapur-Achalpur stretch is a pointer to the train's fate in the days to come.The halts that have been removed are Lakhapuri, Banosa, Bhujwada, Lehgoan, Anjangoan Surji, Pathrot, Kokarda and Navbagh.Some passengers feel this is the railways department's first step towards taking the Shakuntala express off track. In fact, for those boarding the train, it is the train's guard who issues them a ticket.The rural commuters are anxious that the train may soon be withdrawn, thereby disconnecting many remote villages from the railway route presently linked with bigger towns and cities.A British firm -- Killick, Nixon and Company -- built this narrow gauge line in 1903 to carry cotton from Yavatmal to Mumbai to be shipped to Manchester in the UK from there. Even after independence, until 2003, the train was owned by the British and the government of India used to pay royalty to British company.Farmer activist Vijay Vilhekar said that railways' shutting down stations smacks of a conspiracy to sell railways land to land mafias.A commuter, Prakash Bongire said that the train earlier made two return journeys during the day that was reduced to one. There is a great rush of commuters to travel in this train, especially those poor farmers and labourers who cannot afford state transport bus fares. The Murtizapur-Yavatmal bus fare is about Rs 109 as against Rs 19 while travelling by Shakuntala Express.Another resident Lalita Deshmukh said Shakuntala express which is narrow gauge train should turned into a broad gauge so that it gains speed and has better passenger amenities. Closing down the service is no solution, she said.Achalpur MLA Bacchu Kadu, who had staged an agitation demanding conversion of the train from narrow gauge to broad gauge, said that the Maharashtra government had assured him to take up the issue with the union ministry of railways but the issue got stuck over policy matters. \"I raised the issue in the state assembly too, but I only got unconvincing promises. If the railways withdraw Shakuntala Express, we would stage an agitation,\" said Kadu.MP Anand Adsul said that railways have not shut down the Shakuntala Express but only discontinued some halts.\"Railways have been incurring financial losses in running the train. They have closed the stations only to cut costs. However, I will take up the issue with railways and urge them not to withdraw the train,\" Adsul said.Divisional commercial manager, Bhusawal division, N G Borikar told TOI that the stations have not been shut but the railways have withdrawn surplus staff, considering the thin passenger traffic on the line.\"We have ensured that every passenger gets a ticket and for purpose we have appointed guards. There is reservation facility available at Achalpur, Murtizapur and Karanja,\" he said.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11713340", "title": "'R D Burman\u2019s music was a perfect example of fusion'", "text": "Emerging and changing trends are nothing new to music and fusion seems like the king of our times. AT tunes inThe musical boundaries in today's world are blurring like never before and what seems to be emerging is a fusion of different musical worlds. Attribute it to the advancing technologies, the internet or globalization, musical geniuses across the world are collaborating and creating music that transcends all defined genres. Be it Bollywood, independent artists or even Indian classical musicians, fusion can easily be called the choice of the moment. So what's led to this?The list of fusion musicians is huge and it's growing by the day. Artists like Shankar Mahadevan, Ayaan and Amaan Ali Khan, Rahul Sharma , Vishwamohan Bhatt, Angaraga Papon Mahanta, Niladri Kumar, Karsh Kale, Sivamani and Tavlin Singh are just a few names that have made a prominent place for themselves. It's not just the popular music album that is taking the scene by the storm, but individual artists and independent bands are performing live fusion music, much to the amazement of music lovers. Newer kind of musical instruments have even taken form in the process.So what is driving them to take on to newer forms and doing something hatke? Kailash Kher , who is one of the first ones to bring together sufi and rock through Kailasa, feels it's ingrained in our culture itself. He says, \"We are a part of a culture which in itself is a fusion of various languages and traditions. As various cultural sensibilities come together, what emerges is called fusion.\" He adds, \"Bollywood is an industry where people just follow trends. But fusion is not new.\" Music composer Loy Mendonsa says, \"Fusion has always been there in Bollywood. R D Burman's music was a perfect example of fusion. It's just that the term has become popular and everyone is using it.\"But this is not limited to Bollywood only. Grammy award winner Pt. Vishwamohan Bhatt, who has 16 fusion albums to his name, says, \"This is the golden era for music. Internet and other technological advances have made it easy for producing and accessing music and thus many artists are coming together. Youngsters don't like the traditional Indian classical, but enjoy the fusion of light western and Indian classical music. So people are capitalizing on fusion as it has more takers.\"Young musicians have especially taken fancy to it and find the space of experimentation that fusion gives to an artist quite appealing. But when quizzed about the same to the Khan brothers, Amaan and Ayaan Ali Khan, who have performed in many countries and have worked with various artists , reflected jokingly. They say, \"Fusion is interesting and fun. It's like buffet that offers a lot and thus the weight of expectation is reduced. No one judges your music. But it's not an easy job either.\"Well, difficult or easy, music lovers are having the time of their lives as there is much on their platter to savour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720016", "title": "HC won't lift stay on CM's flat quota", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has declined to lift its stay on allotment of flats from the CM's discretionary quota until it decides a petition challenging it.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a petition filed T C Kaushik, a Central government advocate, who claimed he was allotted a flat in Versova in 2005 but learnt that it was allotted to someone else. His counsel R V Desai said Kaushik is unwilling to go for a fresh hearing under the new policy as it has no place for him. The judges declined government pleader D A Nalavade's plea to vacate the stay. \"We'll not vacate it. One month is not going to hurt anybody,\" said Justice Bobde. The matter is admitted and posted for final hearing on March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712057", "title": "Don2 goes international", "text": "Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan's fans from Berlin will witness the return of the King this month.Director Farhan Akhtar, producer Ritesh Sidhwani and actors Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra will present their latest venture 'Don 2 - The King is Back' at the Berlin International Film Festival, 'Berlinale', on February 11th at the Friedrichstadt-Palast.To celebrate the movie's premiere at the 62nd 'Berlinale', the German Embassy New Delhi is organising an evening with Farhan Akhtar on Thursday, February 2nd.Hosted by the acting Ambassador of Germany to India, Mr. Cord Meier-Klodt, the evening will see Farhan Akhtar share some candid experiences from the shooting of the film in Berlin.This will be followed by the premiere of a short version of the film, and an interaction with the media. The event has been sponsored by Lapp India.The city of Berlin is the main setting for the movie. Shot in prominent locations throughout Berlin, some of the highlights include Alexanderplatz, the Berlin Cathedral, the State Opera, the French Cathedral and Concert Hall at Gendarmenmarkt, as well as the Brandenburg Gate.From 9th to 19th February 2012, Berlin will roll out the red carpet for more than 19,000 professional visitors from 115 countries. The public programme of the 'Berlinale' shows about 400 films per year, mostly international or European premieres.Films of every genre, length and format find their place in the various sections: international cinema in the Competition, independent and art house in Panorama , films for young audiences in Generation , new discoveries and promising talents from the German film scene in Perspektive Deutsches Kino , avant-garde, experimental and unfamiliar cinematography in the Forum , and an exploration of cinematic possibilities in Berlinale Shorts .More Pics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720836", "title": "High court blast suspect\u2019s handwriting recorded", "text": "New Delhi: A metropolitan magistrate on Wednesday recorded the handwriting specimens of Wasim Akram Malik, who was arrested for his alleged role in the blast outside the Delhi high court premises in September last year.Sources said handwriting specimen of Malik was again taken by a magistrate on Wednesday as earlier, the court had allowed the NIA's plea to secure handwriting specimens of Malik, a student of Unani medicine in Bangladesh, after which he was produced before a magistrate.Meanwhile, the judicial custody of Malik was extended by two weeks. District judge H S Sharma extended Malik's judicial custody till February 14 in an in-camera proceeding after the NIA said the probe in the case was on, court sources said.The probe agency had dubbed Malik a 'key link' in the conspiracy behind the blast outside gate number 5 of the Delhi High Court which killed 17 persons and injured over 90.The court had on Tuesday extended the judicial custody of co-accused Amir Abbas Dev till February 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721486", "title": "SGPDA assures clean markets, HC disposes PIL", "text": "MARGAO: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday disposed of a petition filed against the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) following its affidavit listing the measures taken to ensure cleanliness and maintenance of the two Market complexes at Margao.The petiotion was by social activist Savio Dias complainting conditions prevailing in its two markets at Margao - the wholesale fish market, and the retail fish and vegetable market .As the petitioner also expressed satisfaction over the measures outlined by the SGPDA, the court disposed of the petition while giving direction to ensure hygienic conditions in the market.During the last hearing of the case, member secretary of the SGPDA, Rajesh Naik, had submitted that an effluent treatment plant (ETP) has been commissioned by the Sulabh International social service organization, which would take care of the disposal of daily waste generated in the wholesale fish market. The affidavit also pointed out that the raw waste was being pumped to the circular tank and treated, and thereafter the purified water discharged into the ground for absorption and irrigation.Besides, the SGPDA has repaired the flooring of the wholesale fish market with tar which is being cleaned everyday , the affidavit added.As regards the retail fish and vegetable market, the SGPDA pointed out in the affidavit that the Green Goa Works is doing \"the daily work of clearing and cleaning the and then collecting the waste in threedifferent locations until the Margao Municipal Council vehicle comes to pick up it up\" for disposal.Further assuring that the Green Goa Works will undertake additional work for treatment of garbage, Naik promised in the affidavit that both the markets would be monitored on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11723707", "title": "Lego man: Flight of fantasy", "text": "The recent achievement of two Canadian teenagers Mathew Ho and Asad Muhammad has not just captivated the minds of the Canadians but the entire world.They designed a unit in a shoe-string budget of four hundred dollars with an in-built camera and a GPS sensor kit, gave it a passenger, a Lego man, a launch vessel in form of a hot air balloon, a safe return vessel in form of a home-stitched parachute and after calculating its exact location of return, to ensure that the same is in the boundaries which the powers to be allow them to tread, launched it on its journey to meet their spirit which was soaring beyond the skies.And Lo! That rendezvous did happen 80,000 feet above, at the brink of outer space between the Lego man and the high rising spirits of these seventeen-year-old teenagers who came from diverse background -- one born and brought up as a naturalised citizen of Canada and the other arrived here from Pakistan a few years back and adapted the country, its language in which he was not fluent at all when he arrived here, its people and its ethos as his own. Mathew in middle school, reached out to Asad who had joined his school and was fighting the ghosts of the new environment and became his first friend. At the start, one accepted and over the years the other adapted.Many thoughts come out of this heart warming story of these kids who did not do this as a part of any school project or career aspiration but just for \"fun\".That this is what true learning is about when knowledge is gained 'by' experience and 'for' experiencing new things and ideas and not for acquiring degrees and certificates.That there are no limitations of age, resources or any other perceivable obstacles which cannot be conquered when a human mind sets out to achieve its goals.That our future generations understand the importance of technologies far more than us and have the capabilities of mastering it to propel their dreams which should reassure us, if any reassurance was needed at all, that mankind is moving in the right direction.That the friendship of teenagers had crossed the distance which existed due to their names, cultures, languages and mindsets and gave them the biggest support system when they set out on their dreams of achieving something beyond their high school persona.That in the world of today when I, me and mine is the biggest religion of individuals and corporations especially in the capitalistic domain in which we live, these children came from a greater level and did not have their photographs or names fluttering along with the Lego man but the symbol of what gave them their combined identity and pride, the Canadian flag.That perhaps stories like this may make societies accept 'different', read 'crazy' ideas and also look up upon 'crazies' of the world and let them do their things and not ridicule them or throw them in some walls of confinement because of their thought process. It is time we accept that it is the 'crazies' and their different thinking which has led us away from the stone age existence in which we lived, who have made us see this world as round and who, one day, would make us see this earth, nay this universe , as just one of the places where we lived.And while the air traffic controllers and other powers to be will start creating their own obstacles to control such freaks incidences, no one can stop the human mind from coming out with something new and breaking all boundaries again.Maybe one day, in our lifetime, we would see each other as one of the travellers who can reach beyond the skies in just about an hour and live to tell the story.And if any Mohammad or Mathew out there, needs 200 pound of living flesh as a passenger for any such journey wearing some crazy space suit or even in the birth suit and not the Lego man who I envy so much today, then please let me know and I am ready to take that stairway to heaven or hell or beyond, today. Let's raise this one for the fellow crazies!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721380", "title": "Babush transactions a sham: I-T", "text": "PANAJI: Income-tax department investigators have termed two business transactions indulged in by firms held by education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and his family members in 2008, when he was minister in the Digambar Kamat government, as \"no ordinary business transaction but a sham transaction\" to pass on payment received for conversion of agricultural land into settlement or commercial zones from builders. The case dates back to 2006 when Monserrate was TCP minister.Documents seized after a search at builder Sadiq Sheikh of Primeslots Properties Pvt Ltd by I-T officials reveal that while Monserrate's son, Rohit's firm in 2008 had \"purchased\" property worth Rs 11cr plus from Sheikh \"without paying\" him for the same, another Rs 15cr was paid by the builder to a hospitality company in which Monserrate is a director as \"advance money towards share application\" that was never provided.As per documents available with TOI, the builder was questioned by I-T officials after documents seized from former state government official N Suryanarayana revealed that he had paid cash amount of Rs 19.76cr to Sheikh at his residence in Dona Paula and in the office of another builder Dinar Tarcar at Campal from April 2006 to August 2006 and a cheque of Rs 4.99cr drawn in Suryanarayana's wife's name from her Andhra Bank account. Sheikh had promised \"that the conversion would take place through the same person (Monserrate) sooner or later\". Suryanarayana's lawyers have gone to court to recover the Rs 4.99cr paid by cheque.Referring to evidence in support of indirect payments to Monserrate, an I-T assessment order and notice served on Suryanarayana in December 2011 by I-T deputy commissioner V S Chakrapani states that Sheikh, in March 2007 purchased a property of 2,37,025 sq mts at Sancoale and within 18 months on December 8, 2008 sold the property by registered sale deed for a consideration of Rs 12,08,16,250 to Good Earth developers, a partnership firm with Babush's son Rohit as the \"only capital contributing partner\" and Anand Bose as another partner, formed five days before deal happened. Without receiving the complete sum, Sheikh handed over the property to the firm. Sheikh received only Rs 50 lakh, which is the amount required for stamp duty and registration charges and on being questioned about non-payment of balance amount of Rs 11.58cr, even though possession over the land was given and title transferred, he failed to explain.\"Facts and circumstances of the case suggest that the above transaction of land is not an ordinary business transaction and has not been carried out at arm's length but a sham transaction to pass on the payment in the form of land. The true fact is that no further payment of Rs 11,58,16,250 was required to be paid to Sadiq Sheikh in view of the whole sequence of financial transactions between N Suryanarayana, Sadiq Sheikh and Babush Monserrate. ...This transfer of land at Sancoale to Good Earth Developers is a colourable device to pay Atanasio Monserrate indirectly,\" states the I-T assessment order.Documents reveal that the builder paid Rs 15cr by three cheques of Rs 5cr each to Raj Hospitality Pvt Ltd, in which Monserrate, his wife Jennifer and son Rohit are partners, in March 2008, claiming it was an advance towards share application money but failed to produce details of subsequent allotment of shares by the company to the I-T officials. When I-T officials confronted Rohit with the receipt of Rs 15cr, he claimed the amount is a loan and repayable.\"It is evident from the above that Sadiq Sheikh treated the advance as share application money and Raj Hospitality Pvt Ltd claimed it as loan. Neither person has the documentary evidence to prove the true purpose of the amount of Rs 15cr paid to Raj Hospitality Pvt Ltd. ...This transfer of Rs 15cr to Raj Hospitality Pvt Ltd is a colourable device to pay Atanasio Monserrate indirectly,\" added the I-T assessment order.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725262", "title": "'Rape' victim enters poll fray", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At a time when the alleged rape of a girl in Pipili area of Puri district has occupied media limelight, another alleged victim has created ripples in political circles by contesting the panchayat polls.Sujata Jal, who was allegedly gang-raped by then Paikmal block chairman Mahesh Agarwal and his associates on May 10, 2008, is in the fray for a zilla parishad member seat from Rajboodasambar seat III from Padampur subdivision of Bargarh district, 400 km from the state capital. Bargarh district has 34 ZP member seats. Rajboodasambar is called Bargarh ZP Zone 31.Agarwal and five of his aides allegedly raped Sujata after Agarwal promised her the job of an anganwadi worker. One of the accused includes Kunal Bariha, the nephew of former minister and Padampur MLA Bijay Ranjan Singh Bariha of the BJD. The incident had created a huge political storm and all the accused were remanded in judicial custody.\"I drew inspiration from BSP chief and Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati. I am thankful to the party for giving me a ticket,\" Jal said, adding that if she wins she will fight for justice and dignity for the downtrodden.Pitted against the might of Sumitra Singh Seth of BJD, Saraswati Kalu (BJP), Manorama Gingra (Congress) and independent Panchami Suna, Jal hopes she will clinch the seat. \"I have been receiving overwhelming response from people. They are fed up with the trio of BJP, BJD and Congress,\" she said. The area has been traditionally a BJD stronghold.The constituency, reserved for women, goes to poll on February 11, the first date of polling for the three-tier panchayat elections in the state.BSP spokesperson Sunil Agarwal said Sujata's entering the poll fray in itself has been a befitting reply on the perpetrators of the crime on her. \"She will definitely win if people's response is any indication,\" Agarwal said.Politicians of other parties are nervous. \"The alleged crime on her definitely draws people's sympathy on her. But it is too early to predict where the votes will swing,\" said a former MLA in Bargarh district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724694", "title": "KBA elections held amid chaos", "text": "KANPUR: Voting for Kanpur Bar Association election was held amidst chaos and interference by candidates and their supporters on Wednesday. Police force was summoned at DAV College to restore order.As many as 3,128 out of 4,241 members cast their votes between 8 am and 5 pm. Chairman, elders committee, Ram Balak Mishra, said that counting of votes would begin at 9 am at DAV College hall on Thursday.Most of the candidates flouted the code of conduct. As a result, voting was suspended for around half-an-hour and the returning officer had to call the police to control the situation. Candidates and their supporters entered into the voting hall and coerced the voters.It led to chaos. Some persons snatched ballot papers from Badri Vishal Yadav, Manoj Kumar Gupta and Santosh Kumar Sharma and tore them. Timely intervention by the members of the elders committee prevented the situation from turning ugly. After a few minutes, voting started again. Fresh ballot papers were issued to those three lawyers, whose ballot papers were torn.A few candidates alleged that fake voting had taken place. Before closing time when a couple of contesting candidates went to cast their votes their rivals opposed and complained that they were involved in fake voting and they should be checked.Traffic between Green Park crossing and DAV College was blocked. The candidates erected their booths on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720463", "title": "Only 35% labs test water accurately: CPCB", "text": "PUNE: Only 35% laboratories in the country could give hundred per cent accurate analysis of water samples sent to them for evaluation during the recently concluded analytical quality control (AQC) exercise by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).It is important that the data being generated at the network of laboratories - state, central and private recognised - is of acceptable quality because important decisions on various pollution control activities are based on the results obtained from these labs.\"As many as 202 laboratories comprising those of state pollution control boards, central pollution control board and private laboratories recognised under Environment Pollution Act participated in the September 2011 analytical quality control exercise. Among them, 35% labs managed to get all parameters correct. The rest failed to match hundred per cent accuracy in analysing water samples sent to them for scientific evaluation,\" P K Behera, in charge (water laboratory), CPCB told TOI on Wednesday.The CPCB regularly carries out inter-laboratory AQC involving all environment laboratories in the country.\"The aim is to enhance the internal and external quality control of the laboratories concerned. Such exercises create more confidence about accuracy of results,\" Behera said. Behera elaborated, \"Two synthetic water samples of one litre each labelled with lab code are provided for analysing conductivity, total hardness, chloride, fluoride, sulphate, nitrate, calcium, magnesium, boron and chromium hexavalent. The labs are asked to submit their respective analysis to the CPCB within a stipulated time. The results sent by all the labs are matched for perfection at the CPCB's water laboratory.\"\"The labs that fail to match hundred per cent quality in conducting water analysis are asked to initiate corrective measures. If the result sent by a lab fails to comply to our set parameters for two years consecutively then licence of such a lab is cancelled when it comes for renewal,\" Behera said.Among the participating laboratories, 85% managed to be correct in the analysis of six parameters and 15% could barely pass even less than six parameters, Behera added.The result of any test on the quality of the environment is no better than the result of all efforts that lead to this final result: collection of the samples, the handling and chemical treatment, the method of storage, the chemical analysis, the calculation and interpretation of the data.\"If any of these steps are carried out with insufficient care, the final result will be no more than a figure without relation to the actual situation in the environment, and therefore be useless: the entire operation then becomes a waste of energy, time and money. Hence, such AQC exercises are important,\" said Ramkant Sorte, in charge, regional laboratory, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Pune. The MPCB Pune regional laboratory got 100% marks in the September 2011 AQC.Exact analysis of water contents is required to signal, control or predict changes or trends of changes in the quality of a particular water body, so that curative or preventive measures can be taken to restore and maintain ecological balance in the water body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "11726603", "title": "Moga DSP Balraj Singh found murdered, had left station on permission", "text": "MOGA: The Moga police is stunned over Moga deputy superintendent of police(DSP) Balraj Singh Gill found murdered near Ludhiana. The recovery of a woman's body along with that of DSP Balraj Singh from a farm house has put the police finding itself in a piquant situation.DSP Balraj Singh only last Thursday had commanded the Republic day parade at Moga, before being killed on Wednesday night under mysterious circumstances. He was posted at Moga only four months back.Moga Superintendent of Police(headquarters) Satpal Bhangu said \"DSP Balraj Singh had left the station on permission for few hours on Tuesday evening and in the meanwhile, Moga police got to know about his murder on Thursday morning. As the killing has taken place under the jurisdiction of Ludhiana police, Ludhiana cops are investigating the matter\". SP said under permission, officer could leave station for couple of hours. Balraj Singh has left behind two kids including elder son studying in standard 9th.Earlier in February 2010 Moga police was rocked by high intensity sex scandal and then Moga SSP DS Garcha, SP PS Sandhu and two SHOs had to face the heat. The police role had come under scanner for duping many people on the pretext of involving them in sex scandal.The body of DSP Balraj Singh Gill was found on Thursday morning from a farm house at Humbra road near Ludhiana. The body of an unidentified woman too was found from the adjoining room at the farm house and both seemed to have been killed with sharp edged weapons, said a police official involved in investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11722478", "title": "Waterless loos soon in major places in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy Corporation has resolved to construct waterless toilets in Trichy in the near future. A brainchild of corporation commissioner Veeraragahav Rao, these waterless toilets would be built at important junctions such as the congested Gandhi Market, Chathram Bus Terminal and Central Bus Stand.The construction of waterless toilets, the first-of-its-kind in the state, is part of the 'State Government Open Defecation Eradication Scheme', for which the corporation has been allotted Rs 7.18 crore.The corporation has at present 360 toilets of all types and it is in the process of constructing 20 disabled-friendly toilets at a cost of Rs one crore. These toilets, Rao told TOI, would have slanting ramps and support bars and this could well be utilised by old and infirm people too.The idea of waterless toilets struck Rao when he went on a tour to Delhi, and he is also contemplating the feasibility of introducing e-cleaning of toilets.Rao said that the generally sterile liquid of urine emanated bad odour only when it mixed with water. Moreover, the plan had the potential to save millions of gallons of water at a time when the demand for the natural resources was draining aquifers dry. He said that the immediate urge is to tide over the water problem and to keep the toilets odour-free at important junctions.Rao said Trichy being at the centre of Tamil Nadu attracts about 2.5 lakh floating population a day and the menace of people urinating against the walls is a common sight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722354", "title": "School bus stir deferred till Feb 18", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) has decided to defer its statewide indefinite strike, which was to start on February 6, till February 18.SBOA members met the transport commissioner on Wednesday to discuss their problems with the policy and were assured of a positive solution . \"As the government needs to follow the code of conduct ahead of the civic polls, we will wait till the elections are over and then follow up with the transport department ,\" said Anil Garg, president of SBOA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11722119", "title": "IIMs innovate to fight placement blues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institutes of Management are getting innovative with their placement process to beat recession. IIM-Indore has partnered with some placement consultancy firms to help 100-130 participants who might look for jobs at the end of placements.Anmol Bhalla, coordinator (placement committee) IIM-Indore , said: \"The idea is to get jobs in line with students' expectations, both in terms of profiles and salaries.\" As the number of regular recruiters is likely to drop this year, IIM-Kozhikode is allowing students to accept only one offer as compared to previous years when each student was spoilt for choice.\"Recruiters have definitely become more cautious,\" said G Sridhar , chairperson, placements, IIMKozhikode . \"Many regular recruiters who previously hired in large numbers have decreased their hiring and many others have declined to participate in placements this year.\"Similarly, IIM-Bangalore has tweaked its placement process this year. Placements 2012 at IIM-B will be held only on weekends, replacing the earlier process where placements were carried out for five days without a break. \"Many more new sectors and areas have been added - like e-commerce , human resources, among others,\" aid Rajesh Aithal, chairperson, placements at IIMLucknow .Atreyi Bose, member, student placement committee, IIM Ahmedabad , said: \"We are reaching out to new companies and sectors which students have shown interest in joining.\" Companies are still sourcing for talent from campuses and are keen to be a part of the process , Bose added.\"While companies are more skeptical than they were in 2009, it is a good sign that they have not stopped hiring,\" Sridhar said. \"It will take slightly longer than usual to place the entire batch this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719766", "title": "Man attacks son-in-law\u2019s father with sickle", "text": "HYDERABAD: A retired panchayat assistant engineer assaulted his son-in-law's father accusing him of having duped his family by concealing the groom's marital status, at Lakdi-ka-pul on Wednesday.The victim, Sambasiva Rao, is a farmer from Krishna district's Vuyyur.In 2009, Jagannath Rao's daughter Bindu married Sambasiva Rao's Australia-based son Anil Kumar. Thereafter, Anil spent a few months in the city following which he left for Australia without his wife, according to police.\"Anil promised to take his wife to Australia in a few months but never did so. Later, the girl's family came to know that Anil was already married and staying with his first wife in Australia,\" Saifabad inspector V Umender said.Subsequently, the girl's family applied for divorce and also lodged a domestic harassment complaint against Anil and his family members at the Nacharam police station.Court proceedings began and it was Sambasiva Rao who would attend the family court in the RR court complex in LB Nagar for which he would take bus to the city, disembarking at Lakdi-ka-pul. \"Knowing Sambasiva Rao's movements, Jagannath Rao waited for him at Lakdi-ka-pul on Wednesday morning. As soon as the former got off the bus, the assailant attacked his head with a sickle,\" Saifabad OSD V Harshavardhan Raju said.Sambasiva Rao suffered multiple cuts on the head and collapsed on the road while Jagannath Rao fled the scene.Police said that Sambasiva Rao's condition was out of danger. A manhunt has been launched to nab Jagannath Rao and a case booked against him under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11726278", "title": "2G scam: PM, Chidambaram not responsible for 2G loss, says Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Welcoming the Supreme Court judgement quashing the 122 2G licences allocated during former telecommunications minister A Raja's tenure, Union minister Kapil Sibal said that the apex court verdict has brought clarity on the policy front.The telecom minister also said that PM Manmohan Singh and then finance minister P Chiadambaram were not responsible for the loss of revenue in the 2G spectrum allocation process.He further said that the government would wait for the TRAI recommendations on the spectrum allocation and then proceed further.\"The revenue loss happened due to the policies initiated by the NDA government. We only followed these policies,\" said Sibal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11721269", "title": "7,700 families in Sirsa's BPL list ineligible", "text": "SIRSA: District administration has stated that 7,700 families were found ineligible for below poverty line (BPL) status in a fresh survey conducted here following directives of Punjab and Haryana high court. The order was issued in connection with a civil writ petition filed by Pardeep Kumar.Officials stated 5,052 families were found ineligible in rural areas, while 2,682 of those were from urban localities. Administration is now mulling serving notices to them so they explain their position. Administration has also ordered a probe to ascertain the role of officials involved in listing BPL families.Sirsa deputy commissioner J Ganeshan said, \"We will provide time to defaulters to give explanations to MC in urban areas and Panchayat members in villages. If defaulters fail to do that explanation, we will take action.\"\"We shall check the kind of benefits enjoyed by these families and seek their version before taking a final decision regarding work,\" added Ganeshan.Enquiries revealed that many farmers with plenty of land and sufficient income had also got themselves registered as BPL ones. In cities, some ineligible families owned property and others even had members holding government jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720055", "title": "Congress BMC candidates list: Nirupam, Dutt openly voice their dissent", "text": "MUMBAI: Dissension within the Congress escalated following the announcement of the party's third and final list of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) candidates on Wednesday. Party MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Priya Dutt openly voiced dissent over the distribution of tickets in their assembly constituency.While Nirupam said he would convey his discomfort to the high command, political circles were abuzz with talk that Dutt was so upset that \"she may even resign as MP\". A press release issued by close aide and legislator Krishna Hegde only said \"Dutt was upset over ticket distribution\". Hegde told TOI that the MP had not been consulted before finalizing names for three or four wards that fall in her assembly constituency.Nirupam said, \"Due weightage had not been given to MPs while finalizing the list of candidates in their constituency.\" While Dutt is believed to have approached the high command, Nirupam said he too planned to \"apprise the high command\". Dutt supporters, who included legislators and party workers, lined up outside her Bandra residence in the evening after talk that \"she may resign\" surfaced. But she refused to meet anyone.On Tuesday, senior party functionaries Ajit Sawant and Vidhyarthi Singh had questioned city president Kripashankar Singh's role in ticket distribution. While both MPs did not name Singh, party insiders said he was at the centre of their show of dissent.Dutt was said to be particularly upset over the decision to nominate Singh's supporter Anish Sankala from Bharat Nagar (ward 85) in Bandra (E). She had supported the nomination of corporator Rafique Sheikh, who was also backed by senior leader Janardan Chandurkar and district functionaries. With some booths of the ward falling in Singh's assembly constituency, he demanded a ticket for Sankala. With both camps refusing to budge, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and central observer Bharat Singh Solanki delayed a decision on it till late Wednesday evening.Both camps had approached the Delhi leadership by then. Sankala was finally nominated.Dutt was also upset over the move to prefer Singh supporter Brian Miranda over corporator Dharmesh Vyas for ward 84 (Kalina). Vyas, who belongs to the Gurudas Kamat camp, had Dutt's support. Singh insisted on the nomination of a Christian. Even this dispute was played out in Delhi. Dutt's recommendation to nominate two-time corporator Lalitha Annamalai from Zari Mari in Kurla was also overruled. Annamalai's husband, S Annamalai, is a corporator from the ward. Senior minister Naseem Khan was said to have opposed his nomination.Nirupam was furious over nominations for three seats: Ward 26 (Charkop), ward 31 (Malad) and ward 20 (Kandivli). The MP had sought the first two for close associates Vishwa Bandurai and former corporator George Abraham.But with the two not being locals, their nominations met with opposition in the parliamentary board. Nirupam had opposed the nomination of kin of sitting corporators Ajanta Yadav (26) and Jaya Tiwana (31). Delhi got involved in the dispute too with Tiwana's son managing a recommendation from the Rahul Gandhi-led Youth Congress. Kandivli legislator Ramesh Singh Thakur's son Sagar was in contention for ward 26.Tejinder was finally nominated from ward 31 and Sagar got ward 26. Nirupam and Singh have had their share of political differences. His recommendation of former corporator Parul Mehta from ward 20 (Kandivli) was overruled too. \"I had recommended names of workers on merit and had opposed the nomination of kin of elected representatives. They were not considered citing various rules,\" Nirupam said. He added that he planned to work and campaign wholeheartedly for those nominated. Singh was unavailable for comment.Meanwhile, as anticipated, the Congress offered tickets to all seven legislators' kin, who had applied. The announcement on these tickets was delayed to check rebellion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719981", "title": "Party music sans licence may land you in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sway to 'Kolaveri di' or groove to 'Ooh la la la', but you could just land up in prison if you do not have a licence to play these songs at your party. Not just these songs. If you play music published by any music company registered with the Phonographic Performance Limited (PPL), the apex licencing arm of the Indian music industry, without obtaining a licence, you could end up with a three-year prison sentence and a fine of up to Rs 2 lakh.The rule does not apply if you are enjoying the music at your home or in your car. But if it is a public performance, you better watch out.The licencing body on Wednesday began what it has termed 'Halla bol' - a two-day awareness drive on music licensing laws in India - in the city. As part of the campaign, pubs, restaurants, shops and other establishments, any place where music is played, will be made aware of the provisions of the Copyright Act, 1957.Soumya Chowdhary, PPL country head, told media that similar campaigns had been taken up in Bangalore and Goa as well. The PPL's 21-member team in Hyderabad will carry out inspections to see if the music being played at public places has licence backing. The licence fee will depend on the number of hours and for the number of songs played.The fee varies for charitable programmes and sponsored and unsponsored programmes. For instance, a three-hour programme for 100 people would have license fees in the range of Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000. The license, however, pertains to music from labels registered with PPL. So far, 241 music labels in the country have registered with the licencing body and that includes around six from Andhra Pradesh.Over the last few years, the PPL has granted 1.5 lakh licences in the country; 10,000 in Andhra Pradesh alone. There have also been instances where individuals have been imprisoned for playing music without licence. While one person was imprisoned for three years in Siliguri in West Bengal, another was sentenced to two years in jail in Kolkata.Most violations occur during New Year parties as these one-off events are not too careful about taking out a licence. Of the revenue that is generated by way of licensing fees, 85% goes to the music labels with the rest retained by PPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720753", "title": "Mane\u2019s observation period extended", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court here on Wednesday extended till February 6 the observation period of bus driver Santosh Mane at the regional mental hospital in Yerawada.Mane (40), who wreaked havoc in the city on January 25 killing eight people and injuring 32 after hijacking a state transport bus from the Swargate bus stand, was admitted to the mental hospital on January 28.The medical officer of Sassoon general hospital had told the police to keep Mane under observation in a closed psychiatric set up, like the mental hospital, till February 1.Assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite produced Mane's medical reports before the court of judicial magistrate first class, Umeshchandra More, on Wednesday. Assistant public prosecutor M G Pol pleaded for the extension in the court. Mohite also pleaded to reserve his right to seek Mane's police custody whenever required.Mane's medical reports produced in the court state, \"A report of his psychometric assessment (testing) is awaited. As per the serial psychiatric assessment and observation charts, and in our opinion, Mane needs further observation in the hospital to arrive at a definite conclusion about his mental status\".Quoting sections 328 (procedure in case of accused being lunatic) of the Criminal Procedure Code read with 27 (admission and detention of mentally ill prisoner) of the Mental Health Act, 1987, More observed that to arrive at a conclusion whether Mane was mentally ill or not, his observation period needs to be extended.The mental hospital superintendent, Vilas Bhailume, told TOI that he will submit a comprehensive report on Mane's observation, medical status and psychological tests or psychometric assessment on the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721049", "title": "New agency to review Right to Education", "text": "GURGAON: Months after the ambitious nation-wide scheme of Right to Education (RTE) was officially launched from Mewat, the Haryana government on Wednesday constituted the Right to Education Protection Authority (REPA) under the chairperson of chief secretary to examine to review and safeguard children's rights provided under the free and compulsory education.The authority will also recommend measures for effective implementation of the scheme.A spokesman of the education department said that the authority will have members from different departments including the school education secretary, women and child development secretary besides top officials from the finance and labour departments. The authority would inquire into complaints relating to child's right to free and compulsory education and take necessary steps for protection of child rights.It would also hear the appeals filed against the orders of the local authority. He said that the aggrieved person can file appeal directly to REPA within 60 days of the decision of local authority. He added that rge REPA can also entertain any appeal filed after 60 days of the decision if it was satisfied that the delay caused in filing the appeal was beyond the control of the appellant or if it was in the interest of justice that the appeal had to be made after 60 days. The spokesperson said that the state-level and district-level grievances redress cells would also be constituted to provide necessary guidance to the aggrieved persons and monitor the progress of the complaints received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724376", "title": "I'm a victim of conspiracy: Kushwaha", "text": "VARANASI: Former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha on Wednesday claimed that he was implicated in the NRHM scam as part of a larger conspiracy and was worried about his future if the BSP returned to power in the state.Kushwaha, whose entry in the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after his expulsion from the Bahujan Samaj Party (BJP) generated serious problems for the senior leaders of his new party, said: \"Only BJP can save the state and country at a time when Congress is trying to prepare a ground for riots between Muslims and other backward classes (OBCs) by raking up the issue of quota within quota to appease the minority community.\"Kushwaha, who was here in support of BJP candidate R P Kushwaha from Shivpur assembly constituency in Chiraigaon, held his election meeting under the banner of Rashtriya Adhikar Manch Pichhada Varg Sammelan, though the district unit chief of BJP R P Dubey and Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha's district chief Pramod Pandey were present with him on the dais.The entry of R P Kushwaha, who had remained associated with the BSP for several years, in BJP and its decision to field him on party ticket was made after ex-minister Kushwaha's entry in the party.While addressing the meeting, Kushwaha alleged that holding him responsible for the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam was a conspiracy against him. \"I had the charge of family welfare department for less than two years. If any scam had taken place, it would have started five years back. Whenever I tried to raise any objection on any issue, I was silenced,\" said Kushwaha.He added: \"To spoil my political carrier, UP cabinet secretary, minister Nasimuddin Siddiqui and principal secretary home opened counters in different districts for filing complaints against me.\" \"I am not a criminal but the conspiracy of these people was aimed at portraying my image as a criminal. I was a dedicated soldier of BSP and never expected that I would be victimised in this manner,\" he added.\"At a time when investigations into the NRHM scam have been started, it should be made clear who benefitted from it,\" he added.Kushwaha said now he feels that the BSP is a party of the people of a particular caste. Despite dedication and devotion, the BSP leaders gave me step-motherly treatment but the BJP leaders are now trying to understand the conspiracy against me, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719998", "title": "No respite for techies from bumpy ride", "text": "HYDERABAD: The road connecting Jubilee Hills to the IT hub of Madhapur has vehicle density on par with any other main road in the city. But this road, dotted by premium apartments in Kavuri Hills and used by the city's brat pack of IT employees and company cabs, is among the most neglected roads in the city.Potholes, chipped off speed-breakers, uneven road surface and sudden troughs in the far ends of both sides of the road due to bad engineering make the commute on this stretch a daily adventure. Traffic snarls during peak hours are routine and commuters complain there is no traffic personnel posted on this road ever.\"This road is a shortcut for the employees working in and around Hi-Tec City and is also a parallel route to the main road,\" said K Chandrasekhar, a software professional working for an MNC in Madhapur. \"This road has become congested from the last 4-5 years but nothing has been done to make it vehicle-friendly. As a result traffic congestion on this road has become a routine affair. Also, there is hardly any road laying work on this stretch and condition of the road is only deteriorating with time.\"Commuters say the situation only worsens during the monsoon with water logging on many parts of the stretch. Apart from daily commuters, residents of plush colonies and townships here too share their woes. L Shruthi, a resident of Nectar Gardens township in the area says, \"It is a nightmare to drive on this road given its condition. We have a car with a very low ground clearance and a little carelessness while driving is enough to cause damage to the car.\"Shruthi and many other residents share that several complaints to the GHMC officials have failed to yield any result. The corporator of Serilingampally, N Ravinder blames the indifferent attitude of the officials for the present situation, saying that the authorities have failed to work on a pending road widening project. \"There was a plan to widen the road and make it 80 ft and the project was even inaugurated but till today nothing has been done. Each time I have made a representation, I am told there are no funds. The government should take it up seriously as the road has a significant prominence as it is a major link to the IT hub of the city.\"G Krishnaiah, deputy municipal commissioner, Serilingampally zone, GHMC, blamed the high traffic density for the wear and tear of the road. \"It is an internal road but being extensively used by motorists and hence the congestion. We have identified the places where the road condition is bad and will soon take up the repairing works.\" Krishnaiah also said that the road widening project would start soon since they are in the process of acquiring land for the same.B Srinivasa Rao, inspector, Madhapur traffic police station said that they are taking all possible steps for free flow of traffic on the road. \"We have prohibited heavy vehicles on the road and are planning to have two traffic points on the stretch very soon. To prevent accidents and to regulate the speed of the vehicles we had even recently constructed a speed breaker near water sewerage plant on the stretch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11722443", "title": "Fed up with latecomers, med superintendent locks office", "text": "Gondia: Fed up with late comer employees of Bai Gangabai Hospital for Women of Gondia, the medical superintendent Dr Naseem Khan found a unique way to detect late comers so that action could be taken against them. He locked the office of the hospital on Monday, leaving the late comers out of the office.Dr Khan said, \"They were coming late and leaving early. I was facing the music. Hence I took this step to warn them.\" However staff said she could have given a memo instead of locking everyone out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720452", "title": "Seven arrested in Dhankawdi murder case", "text": "PUNE: Seven men were arrested on Tuesday for their alleged involvement in the death of two persons, after a garment shop in Gulabnagar, Dhankawdi, was set on fire.A gang of seven or eight persons, armed with swords, sticks and petrol bottles, had set the shop ablaze on January 27.The shop owner's son, Hanish Jain (19), died of suffocation after he hid himself in a room at the shop and his friend Swapnil More (20), who suffered serious burns, later succumbed during treatment. Another victim, Sunny More (18), is being treated in hospital.On Sunday, Sachin alias Pappu Gholap (32) of Ambegaon Pathar, Dhankawdi, had been arrested. Gholap has a criminal record.The crime was allegedly the result of previous enmity and the police (crime branch) had received information that one Sandip alias Sandi Domale (20) of Shrinagar, Dhankawdi had hatched the plot to kill Jain and More. \"We first detained Domale. During interrogation he confessed to his involvement in the crime and revealed the name of his accomplices,\" said additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde, while addressing a news conference.The others arrested are Kunal Mani (19) of Marketyard, Kunal Kamble (19) of Lohiyanagar, Dayanand Londe (21) and Rahul Shinde (19), both of Upper Indiranagar, Prasad Khandale (19) of Taljai Vasahat and Prashant Gade (20) of Dandekar bridge. \"The men were handed over to the Sahakarnagar police, who will carry out further investigation,\" Shinde said.He said that five of the seven suspects are college students. \"The suspects had purchased petrol from a petrol pump at Balajinagar. We are planning to take action against the suspects under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA),\" he added.The seven suspects were produced in court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody till February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721218", "title": "Railways sets up separate body to modernize stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to give a facelift to stations, railways will set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to modernize stations across the country by equipping them with modern facilities, including easy access to platforms, congestion-free platforms, modern catering facilities, hotels, shopping plaza among other amenities.On Wednesday, Ircon International Limited and Rail Land Development Authority, both subsidiaries of railways, signed an MoU to form Railway Stations Development Corporation with seed money of Rs 100 crore for commercial exploitation of stations across the country.The proposed SPV will take up provision of world-class amenities in a cost neutral manner by utilizing the real estate potential of the land and air space in the stations.\"The corporation will explore ways to convert stations into world class ones with market complex, library, restaurants and other facilities,\" railway minister Dinesh Trivedi said on the occasion.Trivedi said stations should look like modern airports and they have to be customer oriented with more facilities for passengers including easy access to platforms and other amenities. \"We will begin with stations in metropolitan cities and later on more stations will be taken up for development,\" he said.\"There are huge opportunities for revenue generation from stations as they are gold mines,\" he added.The minister, however, emphasized that all property and assets around stations will remain with the railways and there was no question of privatization.The corporation will also take up work of station maintenance across the country in a dedicated manner as a part of the continuous process of augmenting and improving amenities.There are about 8,000 railway stations across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724203", "title": "Voters wary of politicians shedding crocodile tears", "text": "KANPUR: As the assembly elections are inching closer, candidates of political parties are vying with each other in shedding tears over lack of development in both the urban and rural areas.Despite being the hot bed of state and national politics and ranks first in generating revenue, with a population of more than 50 lakh and located barely 80 kms from the state capital, the city has always been given a 'step motherly treatment'. Neither the ruling Bahujan Samaj Party in the state nor the UPA government at Centre and the previous BJP or SP governments have done anything for the city's progress and development. All the basic amenities are lacking and the people are living under poor conditions. Potholed roads, eight to ten hours of power cuts, overflowing drains and contaminated drinking water tell the sorry tale of the 'Industrial town', which is fast turning into a big slum.Basic issues like education, poor road and traffic infrastructure, health services and power situation, escalating crime graph, sick industrial units and corruption are dominating the election campaign.Feeling the pulse of the voters, the MLAs of Congress, BJP, BSP and SP are blaming each other and shedding crocodile tears over the prevailing state of affairs.They cite hindrances in implementing the promises. Some may be true but voters are unlikely to accept the excuses of the 'netas'.Out of the total ten assembly seats, Cantt, Generalganj and Kalyanpur are with the Bharatiya Janata Party . Govind Nagar and Sisamau seats are with Congress. Ghatampur, Billhaur and Chaubeypur in the rural belt of the district are with Bahujan Samaj Party while Arya Nagar and Sarsaul are with Samajwadi Party .Pointedly, the delimitation exercise has led to formation of three new seats. These are Kidwai Nagar, Bithoor and Maharajpur. Sarsaul, Generalganj and Chaubeypur constituencies have been scrapped. These three seats have now been merged with other constituencies after the delimitation process.Though BSP has won three rural seats of Ghatampur, Billhaur and Chaubeypur in 2007 Assembly elections and later strong representation of local BSP leaders in the state cabinet, the government had done nothing for the upliftment of people. They had promised better roads, bridges, uninterrupted power supply, upliftment of industrial sector and creation of employment opportunities, but most of these are yet to be fulfilled.The industrial fraternity says that the political parties have failed to fulfill promises made during 2007 Assembly elections. State treasurer of Provincial Industrial Association (PIA) Atul Seth said that the ruling party had shown no interest in industrial development.\"The industrial town, which boasts of nearly 20,000 industries and provide jobs to lakhs people from the state, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. Politicians have ignored the Industrial town. There is now an urgent need of strong representation of enterpreneurs in both the Assembly and at the Centre,\" Seth added.PIA president Sunil Gupta complained about poor power supply. He said: \"Government claims notwithstanding, we are not getting uninterrupted power supply in the industrial estates.\"Politicians continue to play their favourite blame game in which they are expert.BJP leader Surendra Maithani admitted that most of the major projects had not been completed. He cited ruling party's partisan approach towards the three Assembly seats where BJP won. Maithani claimed that BSP had not fulfilled many promises. \"We provided many economic opportunities to poor sections, made basic education compulsory, provided health care to poor at subsidized rate or free in our regime.\"Cashing in on the situation , Congress is leaving no stones unturned to question the BSP government on the developmental issues.Congress has alleged that the BSP government is ignoring the people of the Industrial town and claimed that the credit of bringing the developmental projects in the district goes to the party's government at the Centre.\"Election promises are made to be fulfilled and our party has taken a lead in this regard,\" says Congress MP and Union coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal. \"Our party does not have representation in the state, but it has given a lot for the overall development of the region. We have given three railway overbridges, connected city to other metros by launching domestic flights, constructed a new bridge on the Ganga on Kanpur-Lucknow Highway and launched several trains, including Delhi-bound Shatabdi Express, besides many projects like a mega power plant in Akbarpur Rania,\" he adds.The district authorities claimed to have added nearly one lakh new voters in the voters list. The urban youth have not shown much interest in politics. The indifference stems from lack of proper representation and caste and religion factors dominating politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720985", "title": "Key civic projects in cold storage", "text": "BANGALORE: Hassle-free parking and commuting may still remain a distant dream in the city. BBMP has put most of its ambitious projects in cold storage because of acute funds crunch. However, there's hope for some of them.BBMP engineer in-chief BT Ramesh told TOI that despite the crunch, some vital projects will be put on fast track and that list is being prepared. \"On yearly basis, we have plans to take up some of the projects. Not all will be affected because of less finances,\" he said.The Palike had plans to construct automated multi-level parking facilities at Malleswaram, Gandhi Bazar, KR Market and Freedom Park area to decongest roads choked with 6.75 lakh four-wheelers and 11.25 lakh two-wheelers. This, and the signal-free corridor project, planned to bail commuters out of harrowing traffic snarls, have gone into the shelves.Over the Rs 5,000 crore was estimated for construction of 12 signal-free corridors across the city a year ago, but the project is yet to take off.To lessen the burden on BBMP, of the 12 roads identified for widening, two stretches were handed over to BDA - the City Centre to Kengeri via Sirsi Circle (15.5km) and Cubbon Road to Outer Ring Road via Kamaraj Road (8km).Yet another project affected is construction of a metal bridge on stilts between Minerva and Hudson Circles. The four-lane steel bridge was proposed for Rs 17.5 crore. The 4-lane bridge - 16 metres wide and 310 metres long - would have connected commuters from Race Course Road, Gururaj Kalayana Mantapa towards Harikrishna Road and Seshadripuram railway underbridge. However, there has been no sign of the project taking off for the past one year.12 signal-free corridors* Dr Rajkumar Road from Yeshwantpur junction to Okalipuram (5km)* Chord Road from Mysore Road junction to CV Raman Road (10.5km)* Magadi Road from Chord Road to Outer Ring Road (3.5km)* Mysore Road junction to Central Silk Board junction (14.5km)* Central Silk Board junction to Vellara junction (6km)* Bannerghatta Road, from IIM-B to Wilson Garden (9.5km)* Vellara junction to Whitefield via Varthur and HAL (13.5km)* Agara lake to Sirsi Circle via Lalbagh Fort Road (8.5km)* City Centre to Kengeri via Sirsi Circle (15.5km)* Yeshwantpur industrial area to Hebbal, between NH-4 and NH-7, (6.5km)* Mehkri Circle to Benniganahalli via Jayamahal Road (12.5km)* Cubbon Road to ORR via Kamaraj Road, Buddhavihar Road, Hennur Road (7km)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724995", "title": "Title call for Lakshmi Manchu", "text": "Actress-producer Lakshmi Manchu has found an apt title for her Tamil-Telugu bilingual, in which she will also be acting.While the film will be called Gundello Godhari in Telugu, Lakshmi is looking to call the film Maranden Mannippen.Says Lakshmi, \"We are keening on locking the title, and the official paperwork should be done soon. Meanwhile, we just finished shooting portions involving Aadhi and me, and the director is in Chennai to sit with Ilaiyaraaja sir for the recording. I will join Raaja in a day or two, and I'm looking forward to listen to his compositions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726101", "title": "Reese Witherspoon's life doubts", "text": "Reese Witherspoon questioned her entire life before she turned 35.The 'This Means War' actress - who has children Ava, 12, and eight-year-old Deacon with first husband Ryan Phillippe - has stopped worrying since reaching the milestone age last March but admits she was \"miserable\" in the months leading up to her birthday.She said:\" Once I turned 35 I felt so much better but the anticipation leading up to it was miserable.\"It was less, 'How do I look?' and more, 'What do I want to accomplish in life? Is this the career I love? Is this the legacy I want to leave for my kids?' \"Reese - who married second husband Jim Toth last year - admits her experiences have made her a \"better\" person but she regrets not making more notes about her feelings and desires.She explained to Britain's Glamour magazine: \"A lot of women who go through different things - like going through a divorce or whatever - talk to me and I always say, 'You're going to get through this. I know that sounds simple, but you really are. You're going to be a different person, but you'll be a better person.'\"You have to look at all sides of everything - really look at your own behaviour. And be clear about the sort of person you want to be. And write it all down. I wish I'd written down more. All these life experiences. The good and the bad - all those feelings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11726666", "title": "Coast guard plans big for safe karnataka coast", "text": "MANGALORE: Indian Coast Guard is pulling out all stops to ensure that security along coastal Karnataka - both on sea and on air - is literally ship shape.While it is in touch with Airports Authority of India to commission its air enclave at the old terminal building of Mangalore Airport and adjacent land there, it has also drawn up plans to induct four hovercrafts at Mangalore, for which suitable land has been identified and acquisition process is on.Commander Rajmani Sharma of Coast Guard Karnataka HQ in an informal chat with TOI on sidelines of 36th raising day of ICG here said that initially one set of fixed wing Dorniers and Chetak helicopters would be stationed at the air enclave. Airports Authority of India and director, Mangalore Airport has been forthcoming to allot us required space. The DK district administration too has agreed to allot 33 acres of land for the purpose, he noted.M R Vasudeva, director, Mangalore Airport told TOI that AAI has offered to provide ICG space in the old terminal building for administrative set up of their proposed air enclave. Their engineering operations would come up land at Siddharth Nagar, adjacent to AAI airport staff quarters that Coast Guard has sought from the district administration. The paper work for transfer of old terminal building space and other procedure is on, he noted.Signifying the importance that ICG HQ attaches to Karnataka HQ, Commander Rajmani said Coast Guard also intends to induct four hovercrafts at Mangalore. \"We have identified suitable land for the purpose and acquisition process is in progress,\" Rajamani said. These craft will be used for anti-smuggling and anti-infiltration, particularly in areas of very shallow water around India's extensive coastline and offshore islands, a scene typical here as well.Another major step planned for Mangalore, Commander Rajmani said is to set up a pollution response cell in district HQ Karnataka. New Mangalore Port authorities have earmarked suitable land for the cell; he said adding lease formalities for this land are underway. \"We will station larger ships at Mangalore to augment force levels to strengthen coastal security of Karnataka coast once dedicated jetties for ICG ships are available at NMP,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724071", "title": "Shahid Kapoor flaunts his custom-made Jaguar", "text": "After signing his first film with Karan Johar and getting back into the YRF camp, Shahid Kapoor has treated himself to a custom-made red Jaguar five days back.And the specially made XKRS has cost him close to a one and half crore.His new Jag has made Shahid a part of the elite club of Bollywood comprising Ekta Kapoor , Bipasha Basu , Karan Johar, Hrithik Roshan , who already own a model of this British luxury car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720242", "title": "New Zealander booked under Arms Act in Udaipur gets bail", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old tourist from New Zealand who was caught for possessing pistol cartridges at the Dabok airport in Udaipur on Tuesday was released by a local court in Udaipur on bail.The youth Harper Alexander was caught by the Udaipur police for illegal possession of three cartridges of .22 mm pistol while he was taking a flight to Mumbai at the Dabok airport.A day after arrest, he appeared before the additional chief judicial magistrate and was released on bail with two bail bonds of Rs 15,000 each.\"The court asked him to furnish two bail bonds of Rs 15,000 each and set February 8 as the next date for hearing the case. On this date he has been asked to personally appear before the court and produce his original arms licence,\" said Parbat Singh, circle inspector, Dabok police station.It is noteworthy that the immigration authorities at the Dabok Airport had caught Harper when they found three cartridges in his hand bag. He was immediately handed over to Dabok police, who booked him under appropriate sections of the Arms Act.Police said Harper along with his two friends had landed in New Delhi on January 23. From there, he travelled to Agra, Ranthambore, Puskhar and reached Udaipur on Monday by road. He was scheduled to board a flight to Mumbai on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11725696", "title": "2-wheeler thieves selling vehicles in rural areas", "text": "MYSORE: R Krishna, an employee attached to a private firm, lost his two-wheeler last October and was greatly inconvenienced by the loss. He had to borrow his brother's vehicle, which was troublesome for both.Krishna had parked his two-wheeler on D Devaraja Urs road, which was stolen. Police said since his vehicle's lock was not safe, it became an easy target for miscreants. Like him, every year, about 450 two-wheeler users on an average, are losing their vehicles for the past three years. However, some are lucky to get back their vehicles, like Krishna.DCP (crime) P Rajendra Prasad told TOI that the police investigation into the thefts of two-wheelers, revealed that failure of effective lock systems in two-wheelers of some manufacturers is one of the major causes for the increase in the thefts of two-wheelers.Meanwhile, cops are facing a challenge in investigating vehicle-lifting cases, especially motorcycles, because the culprits are disposing of the stolen vehicle in rural places. Explaining the modus operandi of the miscreants, Prasad said soon after lifting a vehicle, the thief visits rural places nearby and sells it to villagers at throw-away prices ranging from Rs 3,000 to Rs 7,000, without documents. They take gullible villagers into confidence and strike a deal.An analysis into vehicle-lifting cases revealed that a majority of the vehicles parked on D Devaraja road, Sayyaji Rao Road and Old bank road and parts of Krishna Raja police jurisdictions were targeted by the miscreants. Following this, patrolling was stepped up on these stretches, besides educating masses in rural places about buying used two-wheelers from strangers, the DCP stated.Police advise vehicle users to take additional safety to protect their vehicles when parked in public places as well as at their homes. Meanwhile, officers have also informed the manufacturing companies about the failure of an effective locking system. The DCP explained that the locking system in some vehicle becomes defunct after few years making such vehicles easy targets for thefts.City traffic cops are planning to chip in shopkeepers to ensure safety of vehicles parked in public places, besides educating public that receiving stolen property attracts legal action. As many as 423 two-wheelers were lifted in 2009, 505 in 2010, but it dipped to 443 in 2011. Meanwhile, the district police too are planning a drive to check documents of vehicles especially two-wheelers running in rural places.WHAT THE LAW SAYSIPC Section 411 (dishonestly receiving stolen property): Whoever dishonestly receives or retains any stolen property, knowing or having reason to believe the same to be stolen property, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years or with fine or with both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720075", "title": "Most nominations in Chembur", "text": "MUMBAI: The M/East ward (Chembur) comprising 13 electoral constituencies is likely to see the most action this election. Most nominations (281) have been filed from the ward.A day after the last day of submitting nominations, the civic body compiled a list. A total of 3,344 applications were received. Political observers said the final list, which will be out on February 4, will see about 1,000 withdrawals. The number is likely to come down to 2,500 nominations. In 2007, 3,456 nominations were initially received. The final list saw 2,376 nominations.L ward with 15 electoral constituencies has 253 nominations, followed by 252 in P North and H/ East, with 11 constituencies, with 223 nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724530", "title": "'Oceans play important role in climate change'", "text": "VARANASI: \"Oceans and climate are linked to each other. Far from the static, Atlantic Ocean contributes a lot to climate change,\" shared Prof A D Singh, department of geology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU). He has returned recently from an ocean expedition to Atlantic Ocean.Singh, who was invited by the Unites States Implementing Organisation (USIO) through the Ministry of Earth Sciences India (IODP-India) to participate as one of the shipboard scientists in the International Ocean Drilling Programme (IODP-399), Mediterranean Outflow Expedition said: \"Many large currents flow beneath the ocean at different depths and together these currents form a global conveyer belt that transfers heat and buffer Earth's temperature or climate,\" said Singh.According to him, water of Mediterranean Sea is saltier and denser than Atlantic Ocean and therefore it plunges more than 1000 metre down slope, building up mountains of mud at the Strait of Gibraltar, the gateway where the Mediterranean Sea enters Atlantic Ocean that holds a record of climate change and tectonic activity that spans much of the past 5.3 million years. The circulations generated at Strait of Gibraltar passes through Atlantic Ocean, Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean and have great record of climate change.Another key discovery at the expedition was related to oil and natural gas exploration. The team of 35 scientists under expedition's scientific leaders Prof Dorrik Stow (UK) and Javier Hernandez-Molina (Spain) also researched on the contourites deposits at the Strait of Gibraltar that are deposits of rocks that have been deposited by the ocean current in the ocean bed. \"These contourites are highly rich in hydrocarbons and gas hydrates and it is believed they can confirm their use as fuel in future. Scientists onboard the highly advanced JOIDES Resolution to drill the 8,000 metre of holes into the deep sea floor at seven different sites in the Gulf of Cadiz and on the west Portuguese continental margin. While working at the sea floor, we also witnessed the leakage of some gas hydrates,\" informed Singh.Singh is the second geologists from India who has been a part of a sea drilling project. Prof M S Srinivasan of BHU was the first scientist to be a part of Deep Sea Drilling Project in early 80s. In the expedition scheduled from November 18, 2011 to January 17, Singh along with eminent scientists from 13 countries (including the US, France, Germany, Japan, UK, Australia, China) spent two months at Atlantic Ocean and carried out research on global climate change and explored marine energy resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724128", "title": "Bollywood to shut down on Feb 23", "text": "In protest of the Central Government's proposal to levy service tax, which would increase costs, filmmakers have decided to go on strikeAn industry insider informed Mumbai Mirror, \"While the cinema industry would definitely suffer due to the strike, most members of the fraternity have decided to support it. The imposition of service tax will cripple the filmmaking process. The Central Government has proposed a service tax of nearly 10.3 per cent. This is not a small percentage. The budget of many films would be hit rather badly.\"Now, it remains to be seen whether the Film Producer's Guild, the association of top line filmmakers in India, which is not a part of the FFI, offers support and joins the strike proposed by FFI.According to filmmaker Ratan Jain, a strike is possibly not the right way to oppose Central Government's proposal. He said, \"I have received a letter in this regard. A strike is not the right answer to our woes in this regard. The strike would only make us lose money. A proper representation by the film industry which can address the Finance Ministry would be the right way to solve this.\"According to industry insiders, Madhur Bhandarkar would be adversely affected by the impending strike. The shoot of his ambitious film Heroine, starring Kareena Kapoor, produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Bhandarkar Entertainment, would have to be stalled on February 23. Also, Bhandarkar's budget might increase if the service tax proposal is passed. \"The budget of Heroine was finalised about seven months back. I certainly don't approve of this,\" said a rather displeased Bhandarkar.According to a letter written by the convener of FFI's Service Tax Committee Ravi Kottarakara Rao, the film industry is subjected to a lot of taxation burden and the imposition of an additional service tax will only add to it.Mahesh Bhatt, too expressing his displeasure and supporting the strike, said, \"The government has been apathetic to the film industry. Add to this the service tax, which is certainly not welcome. We need to shut shop so that the government sits up and takes notice of this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722631", "title": "City remains unfriendly to single women", "text": "KOCHI: Thursday marks another Single Women's Day, but though Kochi has changed in many ways, it still remains unfriendly to this species.Aswas, an association of single women, which will celebrate the day with a seminar on Relationships Seek Justice, is planning to highlight this problem faced by hundreds of single women in the city.\"When we launched Aswas a decade ago, single women were facing problems related to economic and social status. Unfortunately these issues still haunt them,\" says Advocate A B Sujatha, joint secretary of the association.\"Even though there are many rules aimed at protecting women, they are not made available to many. Sometimes even the Domestic Violence Act is being misused, and it does not help the needy,\" says Advocate Sujatha.The association is also concerned about the rise in the number of cases of aged persons being denied even the basic facilities and care by the members of their families. All these issues are expected to be highlighted in the seminar, which will be inaugurated by Benny Behnan MLA at Gandhi Bhavan on Thursday. Jose Thettayil MLA will deliver the keynote address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724076", "title": "30 nominations filed on fourth day", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 30 contestants filed their nomination papers for nine out of ten assembly seats on Wednesday.The maximum number of five candidates each submitted their nomination papers for Govind Nagar and Ghatampur seats while no paper was filed for Billhaur seat on fourth day of nomination process. Viklang Party candidates Virendra Kumar , Shabana Parveen and Uma Shankar filed their papers to contest for Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and Ghatampur seats.BJP's Dinesh Awasthi, Satish Mahana and Raghunandan Bhadauria submitted their papers for Bithoor, Maharajpur and Cantonment seats. Two Congress candidates Nandram Sonkar and Abdul Mannan Ansari filed their nominations for Ghatampur and Cantonment seats.Prem Chandra filed papers for Sisamau seat. Mohammad Israr of Peace Party, Gopi Krishna Omar, an Independent and Mohammad Nafees of Lok Janshakti Party filed nominations for Arya Nagar seat.Prabhat Gupta, an Independent candidate, also appeared before the returning officer of Kidwai Nagar seat with his papers. Two Independent candidates Rati Ram and Rajeev Kumar filed nominations for Maharajpur seat.Four contestants appeared before the returning officer of Kanpur Cantonment seat. They were Shesh Kumar Bajpai of NCP, Mahendra Kumar of Rashtriya Lokmanch, Raghunandan Bhadoria of BJP and Abdul Mannan Ansari of Congress.For Kalyanpur seats, Nirmal Tiwari of BSP and Satish Kumar Nigam of SP filed their papers. Sangeeta of Lok Janshakti Party was third candidate for this seat.Menka Singh Sengar of NCP, Mahesh Prasad, an Independent and Gayatri Devi of Mahaan Dal expressed their desire officially to contest election for Bithoor seat.Returning officer of Govind Nagar accepted nomination papers of Kamlesh (Independent), Kamlesh Kumar (Rashtravadi Samaj Party), Amit Kumar (Janrajya Party) and Grijesh Pratap Singh (Akhil Bhartiya Hindu Mahasabha).Saroj of BSP, Udai Narayan of Apana Dal and Ram Shankar an Independent filed nomination papers for Ghatampur seat.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724601", "title": "Samuthirakani signs Jayam Ravi", "text": "The director-actor will also be remaking his Poraali in KannadaHe made Sasikumar ride two horses literally in his film Poraali but it looks like director-actor Samuthirakani will be pulling off a similar stunt in real life, as a director. He has signed up two films as a director - one with Jayam Ravi in Tamil and the other, a Kannada remake of Poraali with Puneeth Rajkumar - and is likely to shoot both the films simultaneously in the coming months. Jayam Ravi's long-in-the-making Aadhi Bhagavan is yet to be completed, but that hasn't deterred Samuthirakani from signing the actor, who will be seen in a different avatar in the film, which will be produced by the production house behind Naan Kadavul and Boss Engira Baskaran.Says a source close to the development, \"The film will be a major landmark in both Ravi's and Samuthirakani's career. The director is associated with films that call for social change and this one too will be about a social revolution. The plot revolves around a social issue, which angered the director. Audiences will get to see a very different Ravi in this film.\"Meanwhile, the director, who finished shooting for Saattai, in which he plays the lead, is busy selecting artistes for his Kannada remake of Poraali. Adds the source, \"Puneeth had earlier acted in the Kannada remake of Nadodigal. The film's dialogues are being written now. The director is planning to shoot the film for 75 days and will start the project very soon. He is hoping to begin Ravi's project midway through this film's shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725691", "title": "Pallikal moves up to 14 in World squash rankings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Riding on her yet another appearance in the finals of a WISPA tournament, India's young woman squash sensation Dipika Pallikal has moved up to a career-high 14th place in the world rankings.Pallikal, whose three WISPA titles last year saw her rise to the 15th spot in the world rankings, however, could not cling to her overall sixth title last month as she lost to Natalie Grinham of the Netherlands in the Tournament of Champions in New York .Her appearance in the finals, though, helped her to jump a place higher in the latest rankings.The 20-year-old, who is currently spearheading the Indian challenge at the inaugural Chennai Open World Cup under-21, had a great 2011, winning three WISPA titles.Last year, she clinched her first WISPA title in September by winning the Orange County Open in Irvine, California and notched up her second in the United States with another tournament victory.Her over all fifth and year's third title came in December in the Crocodile Challenge Cup in Hong Kong.The Chennai girl also became the first Indian to reach the quarterfinals of the World Squash Open while she also made it to the semifinals of Buler Challenge Cup in Hong Kong and in World Tour Des Pyramides Open in France.She climbed to her career-best ranking of 24th in February last year, surpassing the earlier best world ranking by an Indian - 27th by former national champion Misha Grewal in 1995.The recently-released rankings published by the Women's International Squash Players' Association, however, saw Joshna Chinappa slip four places to be at 40th position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11721275", "title": "Kalpana Chawla Medical College sees no light", "text": "KARNAL: Two years ago, the state government announced setting up a medical college dedicated to Indian-American astronaut, Kalpana Chawla, who along with the seven crew members aboard the Columbia space shuttle perished on February 1, 2003. However, the project is yet to see the light of day.It had been decided in August 2011 to relocate the police lines adjacent to the civil hospital for the Rs 250-crore project. The decision was taken in a high-level meeting of officials of the departments under the chairmanship of secretary (home) Dr Samir Mathur, but the project hit a roadblock as the government failed to issue any notification.The police lines was to be shifted to a 48-acre land on Assandh road while the 25 acres of the police lines were to be utilized for the medical college. It was planned that the civil hospital would be attached to the college and upgraded to a 300-bed hospital.Huda was to develop a commercial complex on the medical college campus to generate income for the construction of the new police lines.When contacted, director of the medical college Dr Surender Kashyap said the details on the project were being worked out and the construction would soon begin. He said tenders would be invited for the purpose.Meanwhile, Kalpana Chawla's alma mater Tagore International School organized an event where five students were given the Kalpana Chawla Award by the N D Memorial Trust, New Delhi on Wednesday. The prize carried a cash reward of Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11720673", "title": "Hope belied as real estate deals decline by 9.5 %", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The hope - widely expressed in Gujarat's officialdom about four months back - that the real estate market would pick up soon after the Diwali festival season following the kamurta days, has been belied.Latest figures made available from Sachivalaya suggest that during the last quarter of 2011, from October to December, the number of sale deeds went down by 9.56% compared the corresponding period in 2010.In October-December 2010, as many as 2,25,070 sale deeds were signed, while in October-December 2011, the numbers were 2,05,437, an absolute decline of 19,633.Explaining the continued sharp fall, a senior official said, \"The recessionary impact is all encompassing and continues as strong as before the Diwali season too. We had hoped things would improve, but this has not happened.\"Month-wise figures suggest that there was a sharp rise in sale deeds in the beginning of the current financial year, which began in April 2011. For instance, in May 2011, the number of sale deeds signed up was 76,609, up from 42,692 in April 2011. It further went up to 87,689 in June 2011 and 88,311 in July 2011. However, things began to look down immediately thereafter. The number of sale deeds went down to 72,457 in August, 68,174 in September, 65,141in October, and 65,116 in November.There was a rise in the real estate deals in December 2011, but this rise was nowhere near the rise experienced in the corresponding month of 2010.Thus, the number of real estate sale deeds in December 2011was 75,180 as against 81,253 during December 2010, a fall of 7.48 per cent.Officials now say that real estate may pick up only in the next financial year. \"We will have to wait for a series of steps from the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India to make loans cheaper. A few steps have been taken. But these are not enough\", a senior bureaucrat said.Ironically, despite a sharp fall in the number of real estate deals, the state government's income from the sale deeds through stamp duty have gone up. The stamp duty collection in April-December 2010 was Rs 2,587.22 crore, which reached 3,316.88 crore in April-December 2011, a rise of 28.2%.This has mainly happened because Gujarat government sharply increased the jantri rate in April 2011. Jantri is the government's perception of the value of real estate property, based on which it charges stamp duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "munich", "code": "11723691", "title": "Apple loses bid against Galaxy Tab 10.1N, Nexus", "text": "MUNICH: Apple Inc failed to get a preliminary ban on sales of Samsung Electronics Co's Galaxy 10.1N and Galaxy Nexus mobile phone from a German court.The Munich Regional Court rejected the motion today, in a case where Apple invoked a patent granted last year protecting technology related to touchscreens for tablets and smartphones.\"Samsung has shown that it is more likely than not that the patent will be revoked because of a technology that was already on the market before the intellectual property had been filed for protection,\" Presiding Judge Andreas Mueller said when delivering the ruling.The decision comes a day after a Dusseldorf appeals court upheld Apple's request to ban sales of the Galaxy Tab 10.1, the predecessor model. Samsung began selling the Galaxy Tab 10.1N, a revised version, in Germany to get around the ban. A lower Dusseldorf court is scheduled to rule next week on a separate case Apple filed over the Galaxy 10.1N. Samsung lost two patent rulings against its rival in a Mannheim court last month.The European Commission announced yesterday it will investigate whether Samsung broke a 1998 commitment to license any standard essential patents for phones on \"fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms.\" The action followed litigation filed by Samsung last year in European courts over the patents, the EU said.Tablets, smartphones The legal battle between Cupertino , California-based Apple and its closest competitor in tablet computers is intensifying as an increasing number of consumers use tablets and smartphones to visit websites, play games and download music.Neither Samsung nor Apple immediately replied to e-mails seeking comment on today's case.The patent at issue today protects technology that shows users when they reach the scrolling limit of a page. The decision relied on the likelihood that Samsung could get the patent revoked at the European patent Office, which had granted the intellectual-property protection.Peter Chrocziel, an Apple lawyer, argued at the hearing that the technology Samsung claimed was known before the iPad maker's patent was filed didn't contain the same solution because it didn't provide the same experience for the user.Samsung lawyer Henrik Timmann argued the court shouldn't be allowed to issue a preliminary ban as long as a nine month deadline for contestation for the patent hasn't been elapsed.Judge Mueller said he and his two colleagues on the bench don't follow the jurisprudence of the courts in Dusseldorf and Mannheim, which don't typically grant emergency requests over recent patents.\"We don't share the idea that young patents are less valuable than those who have survived for a longer period of time,\" said Mueller. \"We don't think that would be in line with European rules of enforcing IP rights.\"Today's case is LG Muenchen 21 O 26022/11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11727073", "title": "Uninor: We have been unfairly treated", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uninor on Thursday issued a statement on Supreme Court's verdict to scrap the 2G licenses.\"We have been unfairly treated as we simply followed the Government process we were asked to. We are shocked to see that Uninor is being penalized for faults the court has found in the Government process.It is important to note that order does not stop our operations for now. We will study the order in detail and exercise all options available to ensure that Uninor continues to operate in India.We also expect the authorities to ensure that our 36 million customers, 17500 workforce and 22,000 partners are not unjustly affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11726312", "title": "ICSI launches new syllabus for CS Foundation programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( ICSI) has launched new syllabus for CS Foundation programme.The CS Foundation programme consists of four papers -- business environment and entrepreneurship; business management, ethics and communication; business economics and fundamentals of accounting and auditing.Under the new syllabus, objective-type multiple choice questions would be conducted for foundation programme. The students are eligible to appear in the examination on the basis of self study. \"The requirement of Coaching Completion Certificate has been discontinued for foundation programme students,\" ICSI said.The new syllabus will be effective from February this year and the examination under this new syllabus will be held from December session of CS examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724320", "title": "Lakhimpur cycle rally to mobilize anti-dam protesters", "text": "GUWAHATI: Members of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) have embarked on a drive to mobilize anti-dam protesters by visiting villages in Lakhimpur district on bicycles. While KMSS, along with and activists of eight other organizations, are still not allowing movement of construction materials for the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project, about 50 members of these organisations have since Monday been visiting villages in the district for holding anti-dam meetings.\"Our activists have covered 20 villages on bicycles. In each village, we are holding a public meeting on the negative effects of large dams. We want to create mass awareness on our anti-dam movement through our bicycle rally,\" KMSS assistant general secretary, Bedanta Laskar said. The rally will continue for 10 days.The rally aims to mobilize villagers on dam-related issues in the run-up to the public meeting called by KMSS and eight other organisations in Lakhimpur this month. Activists like Medha Patkar, Sandeep Pandey, Bimal Bhai among others from the National Alliance of People's Movement ( NAPM) are expected to attend the meeting. \"The date of the meeting has not been decided yet, but it will be held this month. People in Lakkhimpur and its neighbouring Dhemaji district have been actively participating in the anti-dam movement because they are the people who are going to be the most affected. The meeting will give further impetus to our movement,\" Laskar said.KMSS, Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad, All Assam Tai Ahom Students Union and six other organisations were on indefinite agitation against the Subansiri project since December last year. Group of ministers had several rounds of talks with anti-dam groups and experts for exploring solution to the impasse over the construction of Subansiri project. KMSS has expressed skepticism over the dialogue, saying the government had already decided that the construction will not stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725242", "title": "Penelope Cruz joins PETA's anti-fur campaign", "text": "Penelope Cruz has condemned the use of real fur by posing on a 70-foot billboard as part of an anti-fur campaign.The Hollywood actress - who is married to actor Javier Bardem - turns her head to look over her bare back next to the words, 'Give Fur the Cold Shoulder', on the PETA US advertisement which is set to be displayed outside New York's Madison Square Garden.The billboard will be up throughout New York Fashion Week from February 9-16 and similar campaigns will take place in London and Milan as the brunette beauty condemns the use of real fur for clothing.PETA Senior Programme Manager Yvonne Taylor said: \"Penelope Cruz has appeared on every 'best-dressed' list in the world, and the one thing you'll never see her wearing is fur.\"One couldn't ask for a more fitting emblem of the modern, glamourous woman who knows that there's nothing more beautiful than a woman who has a look that kills without anyone having to die for it.\"But Penelope isn't the only famous name to have previously spoken out against the use of fur after Kelly Osbourne , Pink, Pamela Anderson and Eva Mendes have all starred in PETA campaigns, while other celebrities such as Kim Kardashain have previously been slammed by the group.Last year, the PETA urged the 31-year-old reality TV star to re-think about wearing fur when they unveiled a billboard of the fur-clad beauty next to a skulk of foxes with the tag-line: \"These Babies Miss Their Mother.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719457", "title": "Two more petitions against community groups in HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The High Court heard a petition filed against the Bhoi community panchayat alleging they are excommunicating people marrying outside the community.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka heard a petition on Wednesday filed by the Bhoi Samaj Vikas Sanghatana, a group facing ostracism, against the parallel justice system'' of the Akhil Dabholkhadi Bhoi Samaj. The Bhoi community is essentially a fishermen community and its members are also into other fields and based in the Konkan and Mumbai.According to the petition, the present generation of Bhoi community \"are getting into love marriages\" but the Samaj is \"not accepting their way of life.\" Religions and caste based differences are not being followed by the people representing the new generation,'' it The Samaj allegedly subjects \"inhuman\" restrictions on personal liberty even during deaths.The petitioners urged the court to direct the Samaj to dissolve itself and the State to take action against \"jaat panchaya-ts.\" The Sanghatana's advocate Kiran Kulkarni he panchayat is discriminating against those who have married outside the community. The judges recalled the Goud Brahmin case they heard a day earlier. Kulkarnisaid there is a third petition regarding discrimination in the Kunbi community. The judges directed these two petitions be clubbed together. They will be heard together.We'll appoint mediator. Find somebody who knows their customs. We don't want ignorant people to lead the matter,'' said Justice Bobde, adjourning the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726228", "title": "Ladies have finger-licking", "text": "Meena Maini, Jyoti Arora, Rimpy Nagrath and Deepali Gupta have long had their families huddling around the dining table waiting for the scrumptious food they dish up. On Wednesday, they increased their fan base and got members of Lakshmi Ladies Club also eating out their hands as they put together puddings, salads and snacks. The members were awarded prizes for their tasty quotient.Special chefs from Hyderabad gave the women tips on how to give simple and tasty twists to regular snacks, salads and desserts.Mall Road-resident Meena, who won first prize in dessert competition, said, ''I made nine puddings - strawberry cheese cake with toffee sauce, black currant, orange pudding, truffle pudding, fruit ball pudding, fig pudding, choco pudding, apple scramble and crunchy nutty pudding. It was a great deal for me because I got to make my favourite things, showcase my talent and even walk back with a prize.''Keeping all in the family, her sister Jyoti, who stays in Aggar Nagar, won the first prize in the salads category. She made 10 things that included Russian, pasta and macaroni salads, dip with Cremica chips, sprouts salad, Amritsari laddo with pudina and imli chataka, hummus with bread tossed in garlic paste, mungi dal laddoo in chutney, bread with garlic paste, honey with bread. ''My family loves the salads I make and I was happy that the judges liked them too,'' she said.Rimpy of Gurdev Nagar won second prize in salad-making competition. ''I had made veggie twister salad,'' she said.The snacks that Rajguru Nagar-resident Deepali made grabbed her the third prize. ''All my family members like my snacks but my brother Vineet Aggarwal likes them the most. I am happy that my passion won me a prize and I will continue to treat my family members with my tasty and tangy experiments,'' she said.Rajni Bector, who is managing director of Cremica and a member of the club, appreciated the efforts of participants and lauded the winners. Club's president Shammi Bindra said besides the competition and cooking by Hyderabadi chefs, they screened a movie on Rajni's life and how she turned from an ordinary woman to extra-ordinary woman. The members also had their usual fun in lucky draws and tambola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11723792", "title": "Moga DSP found murdered in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana, Feb 2 (PTI) A Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) and an unidentified young girl were found murdered in mysterious circumstances at a farmhouse on the outskirts of the town this morning.The bodies of the Moga DSP Balraj Singh and the girl were found in the farm house of an industrialist on Hambran road, Police Commissioner Ishwar Chand Sharma told PTI here.Sharma, who was one of the senior officers who reached the spot, said both were murdered with sharped-edged weapons.Their bodies were lying on the sofa set in a room, he said.He said police was trying to get some clues with the help of the mobile telephone of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722589", "title": "Inter-state gang nabbed", "text": "KOCHI: An inter-state four member gang of thieves was nabbed by the police from the city during the wee hours of Wednesday while they were moving through the streets in a suspicious manner.The arrested were Purushothaman, 35, of Palluruthy, Saeed Mohammed, 20, of Manipur, Pappu, 23, of Dindarpur, New Delhi and Anil Kumar, 27, of Thiruvallur. According to the police, the gang members were arrested around 2.30 am from a place located adjacent to the building of a private establishment. Police said that Purushothaman is a notorious thief and has served jail term earlier. The arrested will be produced before the court.According to the police the gang used to target isolated houses in the suburban areas of the city. Central Sub Inspector A Ananthalal said that it was Purushothaman who brought Saeed Mohammed and Pappu to the city to conduct burglary. \"We have launched a probe to ascertain whether any other interstate rackets are operating on similar lines in the city,\" he said, adding that the gang was reportedly behind major chain snatching incidents reported in the city in the last couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721316", "title": "Congress goes all guns blazing in UP election", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress has deployed heavy artillery in Uttar Pradesh to reclaim its lost territory. After been confined to the fringes in the state politics for the last 21 years, the party now feels that it is finally in the race and is not leaving anything to chance.The assault began on Wednesday from Central UP with a confident Sonia addressing a public meeting in Gonda - her first public poll time appearance in UP. At her belligerent best, the Congress president demanded to know what happened to Rs 1 lakh crore sent to UP for implementation of UPA's flagship schemes. At the same time, about 100 km away, Rahul Gandhi regaled the audience with his trademark \"Mayawati's currency eating elephant\" speech in Milkipur, Faizabad. The mother and son team targeted BSP, SP and BJP for the \"loot and jungle raj\" and presented Congress as the only viable alternative to bring much needed reforms. \"Give us just five years and we will change the face of UP,\" said an angry Rahul.While Gandhis stormed Central UP, coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, minister for steel Beni Prasad Verma , state minister for rural development Pradeep Jain 'Aditya', MP Raj Babbar and Ashok Tanwar and CLP leader Pramod Tiwari fanned out in Poorvanchal, central UP and Bundelkhand.It was an equally packed day for state unit in-charge Digvijay Singh and minister for state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla who hopped between Kanpur and Lucknow.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721312", "title": "I-T raids continue on Wednesday, sleuths expect finds to cross Rs 100cr", "text": "PANAJI: Continuing with their raids, sleuths of the income tax (I-T) department on Wednesday seized the accounts of four prominent Panaji-based builders and their relatives. Sources in the department said the total declaration from the two-day raids is expected to cross 100 crore.Savings accounts, current accounts, fixed deposits and recurring accounts of the four builders and their relatives were seized in the exercise. On Tuesday, I-T sleuths had seized over 25 crore cash from the raids carried out from early morning to late night on the offices and residences of the prominent builders.These raids were conducted at over 15 places in North Goa, including six different places in Panaji, five in Calangute, and two each in Mapusa and Caranzalem, said sources.Over 100 I-T officials were involved in the raids, of which 60 officials are from Karnataka. Locally, 40 police personnel, including fourpolice sub-inspectors, were deputed for the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11722419", "title": "Pay Rs 10 lakh to riot victim\u2019s kin, govt told", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Wednesday has directed the state government to pay a compensation of Rs 10 lakh within two months to the parents of a man, who lost his life when cadres of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) threw petrol bombs on a state-run bus, in which he was travelling. The VCK men were expressing their anger following the death of the LTTE supremo V Prabhakaran in May 2009.Delivering an order on the petition filed by Ganesan and Nagammal of Manakudi in Ramanathapuram district, who lost their only son, Irulaiya, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The members of political parties are not expected to take arms, ammunition and bombs to show solidarity to their deceased leaders or express their deep anguish. The deceased was in no way responsible for the assassination of LTTE supremo. Even then, he was mercilessly killed in an explosion. Political parties should condemn such acts openly, notwithstanding the position of the accused on their position of the accused in their organisation.\"He further observed, \"Stringent action at the organisation level should be taken against such people by political parties. This would deter others from taking recourse to such violent and unlawful acts in future. Parties should instruct their cadre to adopt non-violent methods to redress their grievances. The party members should realise that they are not above law. The people of this country are supreme. We are all accountable to the people. This unfortunate incident should be an eye-opener to all political parties.\"The parents said that their son Irulaiya discontinued his studies and was working as a mason in and around Paramakudi and was the sole breadwinner of the family. On the fateful day, Irulaiya was proceeding to Madurai in a bus, owned by the state. When the bus reached Thirupuvanam, three individuals belonging to the VCK threw petrol bombs on the bus. The bomb blast caused multiple injuries on Irulaiya and he succumbed to injuries on May 23, 2009.According to the parents, the death occurred on account of the negligence of police, who were entrusted with the task of preserving law and order. Therefore, the state was liable to pay compensation. Hence, they filed the present petition seeking compensation.However, the special government pleader said the state was not responsible for the incident and as such, the state is not liable to pay compensation.Rejecting the contention of the pleader, Justice K K Sasidharan pointed out that the victim was travelling in a government bus and had paid the charges for the journey.\"The bus in question was owned by the corporation, which was bound to ensure the safety of its passengers. The state, being the owner of the bus, also cannot avoid the responsibility,\" the court said. However, the judge made it clear that as per the Tamil Nadu Public Properties Act, it is open for the state to approach the trial court to recover the compensation from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721212", "title": "Wagh shoots Shantaram with barrage of questions", "text": "PANAJI: When the Congress party won the assembly elections in 2007, why did they not make Ravi Naik from the Bahujan Samaj the chief minister? How many Bahujan Samaj chief ministers has the Congress party given to Goa? In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, why were both candidates of the Congress alliance not from the Bahujan Samaj?These and other Bahujan Samaj-related questions were posed to the Congress party in Goa, or more specifically to Congress Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament Shantaram Naik, by BJP spokesperson Vishnu Wagh on Tuesday.Irked by Naik's reported accusations that the BJP was suppressing the Bahujan Samaj, Wagh fired a number of queries at Naik.After the Margao municipal council elections, why was the chairperson not from the Bahujan Samaj? If the chairperson of the Margao Ravindra Bhavan is a Kamat, why is the vice chairperson also a Kamat? \"Let Shantaram Naik compare the track record of the two parties on the Bahujan Samaj issue and then answer these questions,\" Wagh said.Incidentally, top BJP sources have revealed to TOI that the high command has virtually cleared the decks for Shripad Naik to contest in Porvorim. Naik being a Bhandari leader, this move is widely seen as an attempt to assuage the feelings of the Samaj.Wagh said that the evidence of corruption against the Congress is mounting. He also said that the Income tax department has exposed how then town and country planning minister Atanasio Monseratte took over 26-crore graft money while the regional plan 2011 was being prepared.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719841", "title": "Seminar on Rushdie cancelled by police", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Milad-un Nabi just round the corner, the Salman Rushdie controversy couldn't have found its way into the city at a more sensitive time. A seminar on the controversial author which was scheduled to be held at Urdu Hall here on Wednesday was cancelled by the police under pressure from right-wing Muslim politicians.Ironically, the objective of the seminar was to discuss the fundamental rights to practice religion, to protest and to discourage the demonization of Muslims.While organisers are miffed with the police for the 'bullying tactics' employed by them to forcibly halt the event, police officials maintain that it was necessary to stop the event in the interest of maintaining communal harmony in the city. The organisers said that they started receiving calls from the police from 3 pm on Tuesday, persuading them to call off the event. They said the police presence at the venue itself was intimidating.Organisers said that the participants invited to speak at the event __ 'The Rushdie Affair: A New Perspective on the Freedom of Expression' __ were intellectuals from all religious communities who wished to express their point of view in a non-violent manner and without inciting communal hatred.Fatima Shahnaz, organiser of the seminar and president of India Peace Organisation, said, \"We had planned peaceful and non-confrontational discussions among intellectuals to discuss ways to tackle the censorship of Muslim voices in debates pertaining to Salman Rushdie's participation in the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF). We are against their stereotyping as obscurantist and archaic. It is unfortunate that we have been forcibly silenced by police and politicians.\"Citing the absence of permission from police to organise the seminar, Narayaguda inspector Girish Kumar said, \"The organisers didn't take our permission. Therefore the seminar had to be stopped. With a sensitive topic and an expected turnout of 100 people, things can go out of hand. We didn't want to take chances.\" Other befuddled organisers and participants on the condition of anonymity said that it would have been impossible for the audience to turn incendiary or violent because the invitees were the 'intellectual elite'. They alleged that MBT corporator Amjadullah Khan was involved in the forced cancellation of the seminar.When contacted Amjadullah Khan said, \"Discussions of 'The Satanic Verses' and Salman Rushdie at any event just before the prophet's birth anniversary are completely unnecessary. The city doesn't need such events. Let peace prevail in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720788", "title": "Cong accuses SIT chief of shielding Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At the fag end of investigation, Gujarat Congress has levelled allegations against the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) chief R K Raghavan and \"took serious exception\" at the manner in which he is acting.Before this, SIT has been accused of screening accused of the 2002 riots, and Raghavan of not paying any heed to demands for thorough investigation. Such allegations have often come from social activist Teesta Setalvad and IPS officers R B Sreekumar and Sanjiv Bhatt.A note from the leader of the opposition, Shaktisinh Gohil stated that the party believes that the SIT chief is being offered undue facilities by the Narendra Modi government and Raghavan tries to protect CM in his investigation. As he is delaying his task of submitting a report on Zakia Jafri's complaint, Raghavan is incurring expense of Rs 1.5 lakh every month.Gohil has accused the state government of sponsoring his visits to UK, whereas on the other hand, the retired CBI director has not even recorded statements of important witnesses like R B Sreekumar, Rahul Sharma and Sanjiv Bhatt while probing Jafri's complaint against 62 including Modi. He even accused Raghavan of deliberately trying to find loopholes in amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran's report in order to save Modi from charges under sections 153, 505 and 166 of the IPC.Hinting at the possibility that Raghavan may be influenced by his alleged association with a corporate firm, Gohil has stated that he hopes that the apex court will do justice to people of Gujarat in case he plays any mischief.Besides probing nine riots cases, SIT was asked by the SC to investigate into the complaint made by Jafri, wherein criminal liability was sought to be fixed on Modi. After the probe, SC has directed SIT to submit final report before a magisterial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11722120", "title": "Hafiz Saeed to join Pak politics?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Muhammad Saeed , blamed for the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, has kept the guessing game on about his reported political ambitions.At a press conference on Tuesday in Karachi , he parried questions on whether the JuD would declare itself a political party and participate in elections.There is speculation that Saeed plans to contest upcoming elections either to the Punjab assembly or the National assembly, the lower house of parliament.He said it was a \"misconception\" to not consider JuD a political party as its activities were of political nature. \"We believe the politics of polarization harms the Ummah (Muslim brotherhood ),\" Saeed was quoted as saying by the Express Tribune daily.38 militants killed in fresh clashesThirty-eight militants, including a top commander of Pakistani Taliban , were killed in air strikes and clashes with troops in northwest Pakistan.Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan commander Mullah Moinuddin was among those killed, reports said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720642", "title": "Glitch in Kingfisher system delays check-in process", "text": "MUMBAI: Several flights across the country were delayed by 15-20 minutes due to a technical snag in the Kingfisher Airlines system on Tuesday evening. Passengers booking tickets also faced a problem.According to airport officials at Mumbai, the glitch started around 5pm and affected all check-in and reservation counters for more than three hours, slowing down the processing of boarding passes. This also resulted in a backlog. The passengers were checked in manually. \"As manual check-in is a slower procedure than the computerized system, the queues became serpentine. There were minor flight delays,\" an airport official said.A Kingfisher spokesperson said, \"Due to a technical glitch, our systems are temporarily down, affecting reservations, check-ins and departures. We regret the inconvenience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11724166", "title": "See, what threatens Facebook", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc, the social-networking giant that filed for an initial public offering, cited Google+ competition, regulatory scrutiny, hacker attacks and the shift to mobile technology among the stock's potential risks.Facebook is vying with Google+ and other Google Inc. sites in the social-networking market, along with regional rivals, the company said in the risk-factors section of its filing. Facebook also said it would face competition in China if it manages to gain access to that market, where it's currently restricted.\"Certain competitors, including Google, could use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain competitive advantage against us in areas where we operate,\" Facebook said. Their tactics may include \"integrating competing social-networking platforms or features into products they control.\"Facebook, the world's biggest social-networking service, has attracted more rivals as its popularity among users and advertisers soars. The company said it faces \"significant competition\" in almost every aspect of its business.Discerning the real threats can be difficult in an S-1 filing, said Kevin Landis, the portfolio manager for the Firsthand Technology Value Fund, which includes Facebook shares. Some dangers may not have emerged yet, he said.\"Let me put it this way: If you go back to Google's S-1 in their risk factors, there's no mention of Facebook,\" Landis said.Mobile threats The company cited concerns about its mobile strategy. Almost all of its revenue comes from ads delivered to computers, not phones and tablets. Facebook's mobile software currently generates no \"meaningful revenue,\" the Menlo Park , California-based company said.Facebook also cautioned that key mobile devices, such as Apple Inc's iOS products and gadgets running Google's Android software, may not feature Facebook in the future. If either of these companies gives preference to another social network -- say, if Google promotes Google+ more aggressively -- it could limit Facebook's growth.The company has considered entering China, which would bring its own challenges. The country has censorship laws that have kept Facebook and other social-media companies, including Twitter Inc and Google's YouTube , from operating there.\"We continue to evaluate entering China,\" Facebook said. \"China is a large potential market for Facebook, but users are generally restricted from accessing Facebook from China. We do not know if we will be able to find an approach to managing content and information that will be acceptable to us and to the Chinese government.\"Zynga relianceAnother risk: Facebook relies on Zynga Inc for 12 per cent of its revenue, according to the filing. San Francisco-based Zynga is the biggest developer of Facebook games, including \"CityVille\" and \"Texas HoldEm.\"The revenue comes from Zynga's sales of virtual goods and from direct advertising purchased by Zynga. In addition, Zynga produces a \"significant number\" of pages on which Facebook displays ads. The dependence goes both ways. Zynga gets more than 90 per cent of its revenue from the social network.Facebook also said it faces pressure from governmental bodies. It's possible that a regulatory inquiry might lead to changes to policies or practices, the company said.\"Violation of existing or future regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations,\" according to the filing.Privacy complaintsFacebook agreed last year to settle complaints by the Federal Trade Commission that it failed to protect users' privacy or disclose how their data could be used. The proposed 20-year agreement would require Facebook to get clear consent from users before sharing material posted under earlier, more restrictive terms, and it would include independent reviews of Facebook's privacy practices.The US Securities and Exchange Commission, meanwhile, is probing transactions involving shares of closely held companies, including Facebook. Secondary exchanges, such as SecondMarket Inc and SharesPost Inc, have been used to buy and sell Facebook stock ahead of the IPO.\"We have received both formal and informal requests for information from the staff of the SEC and we have been fully cooperating with the staff,\" the company said in the filing.The company also could suffer if its users' data is compromised by attacks from outsiders. \"Any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of our products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing users and attract new users,\" Facebook said.The media could hurt Facebook as well, by portraying its privacy and product changes in a negative light. The company received a \"high degree of media coverage,\" Facebook said.The company, founded in 2004, has 845 million active users. That compares with over 90 million for Google+, which started last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720728", "title": "11 years after earthquake, Gujarat builders made to pay", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a perilous wait of eleven years and four days for justice, 40 residents of Sangemarmar Apartments, which collapsed during the earthquake 2001, received their due from the builders responsible for the tragedy.Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered the builders of Sangemarmar Apartments, to pay varying amounts of compensations for the building collapse - around Rs 35 lakh each to residents of the flats who complained that the building crumbled because of the poor quality of material used. In all, the builders will have to shell out over Rs 14 crore.M/s Shreenath Corporation will pay 40 residents of Sangemarmar apartments an approximate amount of Rs 18.5 lakhs along with an interest of around Rs 16.5 lakh (9% interest from January 26, 2001). M/s Shreenath Corporation is a partnership firm with four partners including the firm itself, Bharat Shah, his wife Preeti and their son who is a minor.Sangemarmar Apartments, which was hardly ten years old when the earthquake struck, was one of the various apartments that collapsed on January 26, 2001. More than ten residents of the building died during the collapse. The complainants will also be compensated with varying amounts for lost of family members, lost of body limbs, damage to vehicles and others property loses.Prior to January 26 2001, Ahmedabad was in zone IV. \"The construction is therefore to be made in view of the possibility of the earthquake. It is on record that after the earthquake the Gujarat high court had appointed an expert committee of engineers and architects and secretary of the public works department. This expert report proves that the complaints' apartment was damaged due to substandard material,\" said the commission.The opponents (builders) had pleaded that the Apartments have been destroyed due to act of God. Then the court observed if that was the case all the buildings in the area and the vicinity would have collapsed. \"It was sheer negligence on the part of the opponent\" said the commission.The Sangemarmar apartment collapse case will pave the way for speedy compensation for many earthquake victims who have spent years fighting for their due in various consumer forums and courts. According to lawyer Himanshu Thakker, a victim can now directly approach the consumer court and demand their rightful compensation by citing the Sangemarmar case. \"Builders are service providers and it is their duty that they provide the best for their consumers. This judgment can be useful for victims who are fighting cases in various criminal courts,\" says Thakker.Thakker fought the case for Sangemaramar apartment residents for free after they ad approached the Consumer Education and Research Society in the city. A total of 14 cases were filed by 40 residents of the Sangemarmar apartments that collapsed.Thakker was disturbed by the news of collapse of the building which was hardly ten years old at the time of the earthquake said, \"I sensed that something was wrong and decided to take up the case on humanitarian grounds.\"\"This judgment of such a large scale is a landmark. Other cases are pending in criminal and other courts. This judgment will help bring out the truth and help other victims who are waiting for justice,\" said Thakker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720734", "title": "Cong faces Thakore revolt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Atleast 17 elected Congress representatives from the Thakore community on Wednesday resigned from various committees in Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, Gandhinagar district and taluka panchayats and Kalol nagarpalika. The Thakore community is angry with the Congress high command for the party failing to give them adequate representation in Gandhinagar district panchayat.Arvind Solanki, former standing committee chairman of Gandhinagar district panchayat, said: \"On Wednesday the party high command decided to replace me with one Virendrasinh Vaghela from the Darbar community. We were expecting the Congress high command will have some Thakore leaders appointed as chairman in various committees in the panchayat, but we were not suitably rewarded.\"In the 27 member Gandhinagar district panchayat, Congress has 19 councillors while BJP has eight.Of the 19 Congress councillors, eight were from the Thakore community.On Wednesday as news spread that the party had decided to replace Arvind with Virendrasinh and did no appoint any Thakore councillor to key posts in the panchayat, leaders of the community held a meeting and decided to protest. The representatives were asked to tender their resignations even as members from all the committees in the panchayat.Later in the afternoon the revolt spread from the district panchayat to other nagarpalikas, taluka panchayats and Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation. Representatives from the Thakore community also resigned from committees in their respective bodies.In the newly-formed Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation, Hasmuk Judaji Thakore and Ranjan Dinesh Thakore also submitted their resignation from the committee. Six councilors from Gandhinagar taluka panchayat also submitted their resignations to administrative authorities. Of these vice-president Mahotji Thakore also resigned in protest. Kalol nagarpalika's Rashmji Thakore too resigned from the post of the leader of the opposition.Arvind said: \"This was the first step, if the party fails to give us adequate representation, we would not hesitate to resign even from the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725240", "title": "Seven persons arrested for overcharging parking fee", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seven persons were arrested on Wednesday for allegedly overcharging the fee at a vehicle parking lot outside the ongoing Adivasi Mela venue in Unit-I area. The parking place at the busy Adivasi Exhibition Ground was recognized by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC).The parking lot employees were caught red-handed by the BMC mayor A N Jena during a raid. The employees were collecting Rs 10 a bike and Rs 20 for a four-wheeler against the prescribed fee of Rs 2 and Rs 10 for the two categories of vehicles.\"I had been receiving complaints about the parking lot charging exorbitant money from visitors. We cancelled the operator's tender and blacklisted him,\" mayor Jena said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11726847", "title": "Falak case: Another arrest made", "text": "NEW DELHI: One more person has been arrested for allegedly forcing a teenage girl, who got a battered two-year-old admitted in AIIMS, into prostitution, police said today.With this, a total of four persons have been taken into custody in this case, which includes the teenager's father Jitender Gupta on charges of abandoning her.\"We have arrested one more woman Arti in this case. She is also charged with forcing the girl into prostitution. She was an associate of Pooja who was arrested earlier along with her husband Sandeep Pandey,\" a senior police official said.Pandey and his wife Pooja were arrested yesterday along with her father.The 15-year-old girl was in news after she brought baby Falak, who was allegedly beaten up by her, to AIIMS for treatment claiming that she was her mother. Alleging that her father used to physically torture her, the girl had eloped from home and later met Rajkumar, who entrusted the girl with Falak two months ago.The official said the girl was sexually abused by several men. Pooja, he said, had taken her to Etah in Uttar Pradesh where she was allegedly forced to marry an old man. Arti was her alleged associate in Etah, he said.When she refused to marry the old man, she was raped allegedly by Pandey, the official said, maintaining that after this, the girl was again brought to Delhi by the couple and was kept at her house in Tughlakabad, where she was again allegedly sexually exploited by Sandeep repeatedly.The arrests came following instructions from Child Welfare Committee, which is looking into the case of the teenaged girl, that a case of cruelty and abuse be registered against her father and a separate case against four persons who allegedly sexually abused her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722553", "title": "Humiliated, woman kills self, mom dies in bid to save her", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineer was arrested after a 30-year-old woman set herself ablaze on Monday, allegedly because the engineer abused and slapped her. The woman's mother, who tried to save her, died of burns on Wednesday.Police said Revathy and her husband Mahalingam, a photographer , lived in MKB Nagar . Over a year ago, Uma Mahesh, an engineer, paid Rs 17,000 to Mahalingam for the video coverage of his wedding.After the ceremony, Mahalingam did not hand over the photographs and video DVD to Mahesh. Mahesh repeatedly asked Mahalingam to hand over the copies or return the money.For over a year and half, Mahalingam kept evading Mahesh. \"Mahalingam met with an accident and injured his hand. He left photography and took up painting. He also spent the Rs 17,000 given by Mahesh. This was why he did not hand over the photographs and video,\" said Sembium inspector Kamil Basha.On Monday, Mahesh went to Mahalingam's house and found Revathy. \"Mahesh initially asked her why Mahalingam had not given the photos and started scolding her. An argument broke out and Mahesh suddenly slapped her and left the house,\" said Basha.Revathy rushed to her mother Saraswathy's house and narrated the incident. \"Both of them went to the MKB Nagar police station and lodged a complaint against Mahesh. The inspector summoned Mahesh who promised to come the next day,\" said Basha.Revathy returned to her mother's place and in the evening , doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze. She died on the spot. Saraswathy tried to save her and suffered burns. She was admitted to hospital by neighbours. Police were informed. \"We secured Mahesh on Tuesday. Around 3pm on Wednesday, Saraswathy died. So Mahesh is responsible for both the deaths,\" said Basha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722479", "title": "Congress's failure is BJP's gain", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major embarrassment for the 125-year-old Congress party, BJP candidate from Deekshabhoomi ward (52) - Vishakha Maind - is likely to be elected unopposed as the party did not field any candidate from the ward.An independent candidate Sonali Gatlewar, who had filed nomination from this ward for the seat reserved for OBC women, had sought ticket from Congress but she was not entertained. Now BJP has persuaded her to withdraw and she is all set to join the party after withdrawing her nomination on Thursday.Even though it is a BJP stronghold Congress party bigwigs like Vilas Muttemwar (city MP and AICC general secretary), Avinash Pande (Rajya Sabha member and AICC secretary) Jaiprakash Gupta (city Congress committee president) are voters of this ward. This ward is part of west Nagpur assembly constituency, where AICC secretary Anees Ahmed hopes to contest in the 2014 polls. Union minister Mukul Wasnik lives in nearby VNIT ward.Vishakha Maind's husband, Baba (sitting BJP corporator of Maharajbagh) confirmed the development. \"Vishakha's unopposed election will be decided on Thursday, when the Dharampeth zone completes the scrutiny of forms. As she has filed her nomination as an OBC women candidate, her caste certificate will be examined.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722567", "title": "Now on, drain construction, road work to go hand-in-hand", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has decided to relay roads and construct storm water drains in the newly-extended areas of the city simultaneously. An onsite inspection was made on Wednesday by corporation engineers. It is also planned to introduce fibreglass re-inforcement polymer (FRP) for the side gratings of the new storm water drains.About 112 km of 172 bus route roads have been identified and a study of interior roads is on. The first phase \"includes Kaladipetti Road in Tiruvottiyur, 1Main Road in MMDA Colony, Gandhi Main Road in Puzhal and few others,\" said a corporation official. An approximate estimate is likely to be prepared by next Monday.The civic body feels a coordinated construction will improve the quality of roads and drains. \"A few roads already have storm water drains. If the road has a natural slope, it will be used. Roads are being re-laid with camber correction and gradation,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar.Roads would be re-laid under the border-to-border system, where there won't be any space between the end of the road and the pavement. \"Presently, roads have different widths along their length. They start as a 40 feet stretches, widen to 60 feet and then end up at 50 feet. Now, we are going to utilize the entire space between the pavements. It may give us more parking bays or space.\"Construction of storm water drains will be based on the roads available. \"Roads with a median require drains on both sides, while those without a median need drains only on one side,\" said Davidar.The storm water drains department plans to use fibre glass reinforcement polymer (FRP) grating lids for drains. \"It is the grating through which water will flow in. It is about 20-30 % more expensive but is lighter and requires less maintenance,\" said an official. Estimates are being prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721292", "title": "Rs 2,933-cr package to treat burn injuries in 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Burn injuries seem to have finally got the Union health ministry's attention.With increasing number of burn injury cases being recorded across India, the Union health ministry has prepared a Rs 2,933-crore national programme to reduce its incidence and cut down on mortality, morbidity and disability due to such Injuries.According to the report of the working group on health for the 12th five year Plan, about 150 government medical colleges and 492 district hospitals would be equipped and trained effectively to treat burn cases and put in place treatment wards by the end of 2017. The ministry says India records 70 lakh burn injury cases annually of which 1.4 lakh people die every year. Around 70% of all burn injuries occur in the most productive age group (15-35 yrs). Around four out of five burnt cases are women and children.As many as 80% of cases admitted are a result of accidents at kitchen-related accidents.The programme note says \"Amongst all traumas, burn cases have highest duration of hospital bed occupancy. Cost of hospitalized burn injury case management is extremely high which may cost enormous financial burden to the country. The rehabilitation of the individual may be a challenging and daunting task.\"\"The programme, therefore, proposes to be expanded in the 12th Plan period at a national level covering district hospitals and government medical colleges spread across all the states. However, to avoid duplication of services, districts where medical college is already functioning, the district hospital will not be taken up for establishing burn's unit,\" it adds.A six-day training programme - for surgeons/medical officers at the medical colleges - has been prepared. Burn Injury Management protocol is being prepared by experts, and will be distributed to all states soon.Each district will be provided with an advanced life support (ALS) system ambulance. This will create a burn support system for the village, and will be utilized to transport serious burn patients from the place of injury to the district or designated burns unit.Ambulance drivers, nursing staff and dressers will be trained in first aid to burn cases for ambulance drivers.Two surgeons from each district will be trained by burns and plastic surgeons at RML Hospital, LNJP Hospital or Safdarjung Hospital in the national Capital.To restore the burn patients back into the society, rehabilitation services will be provided at district and state levels. The Plan paper says \"It is proposed that for proper programme implementation there should be a provision of payment of incentive in the form of monthly allowance/honorarium to surgeons managing burn cases at district hospitals. Burn management is an unpleasant task and the district surgeon needs to be incentivized for their work in providing this service. The incentive may be either an increment in pay scale or a fixed incentive of Rs 1,000 per month, which can be disbursed to all district surgeons receiving burn management training or it could be linked to submission of a medico-legal case record from the district, which would also help in case monitoring and surveillance. An incentive of Rs 1,000 per month for three surgeons/medical officers for each district for management of burn cases is proposed.\"A National Burn Registry would be formulated by the Central Health Education Bureau based on the availability of data through a regular feedback mechanism of reporting. A pilot programme for Prevention of Burn Injuries (PPPBI) was launched in Assam, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh in 2010 covering one Medical College and two district hospitals.The objective was to reduce incidence and mortality due to burn injuries, improve the awareness among vulnerable groups like women, children, industrial and hazardous occupational workers, establish adequate infrastructural facility and network for burn management and rehabilitation and to carry out research for assessing behavioral, social and other determinants of burn injuries in our country.During 2010-11, the ministry released Rs 5.06 crore (30% of the sanctioned budget) to these three units for providing burn services at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722269", "title": "Mental scars of incident almost never heal: Doctors", "text": "Acid attack victims as well as experts say that the memories of the gruesome incident remain etched in their minds as much as their bodies. Most victims have to live with their physical deformities for want of resources to undergo corrective surgeries. Psychologists say the mental scars almost never heal.The treatment of acid attack victims, say doctors, becomes tricky as the nature of injuries is mostly deep, though over a limited area. The deformities are mostly permanent as some parts never regain their functionality. Take the case of B Kadam (58), who became a victim of acid attack due to a mistaken identity two years back. She still has facial contractures. The deformity does not allow her to drink water or hold food in her mouth. \"Due to want of money, I have been living with it,\" she said.Cosmetic and plastic surgeon Dr Sunil Keswani said that though acid attacks are seldom fatal, they can cause permanent damage. \"In most of the cases, acid is hurled on the face, eyes and ears. People have lost vision and hearing permanently,\" he said.Keswani said victims usually require a minimum of four-five surgeries to begin with. \"That too, the corrective procedures can be started only six months after the attack as the wounds have to heal first,\" he said. The surgeries go on for the next few years, and some also require re-do surgeries , as scars can reappear. What makes it worse is the expensive nature of surgeries, which start from Rs 50,000 and could go up to a few lakhs.While some corrections could be done for the physical scars, the mental ones go unnoticed . \"Many could be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. It changes their perspective towards life forever,\" said head of psychological medicine, KEM Hospital , Dr Shubhangi Parkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720307", "title": "Goa, Kerala best states in which to be born in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Goa and Kerala seem to be the best place to be born in India, while Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Odisha are the worst.According to the latest Union health ministry data, Goa recorded the lowest infant mortality rate - 10 infant deaths per 1,000 live births, followed by Kerala at 13. MP recorded the highest IMR at 62, followed by UP (61) and Odisha (61).MP, which has the highest IMR, also recorded the largest dip along with Himachal Pradesh, by five points between 2009 and 2010. According to the latest Sample Registration System (SRS) data, the figures augur well for the entire country.IMR has dropped further by three points from 50 to 47 infants deaths per 1,000 live births during 2010.The IMR for rural areas has dropped by four points from 55 to 51 infant deaths per 1,000 live births, while the urban rate stands at 31 from the previous 34/1,000.Urban IMR was the highest in Chhattisgarh and UP - 44 infant deaths per 1,000 births.States like Assam with an IMR of 58, Bihar (48), Chhattisgarh (51), Haryana (48), Madhya Pradesh (62), Odisha (61), Rajasthan (55) and Meghalaya (55) still have IMRs more than the national average of 47.In Maharashtra, 28 children died per 1,000 live births, whereas Delhi's IMR stood at 30. West Bengal's IMR was recorded at 31 (as against 33 in 2009) and Tamil Nadu's at 24 (28 in 2009).Around 11 states have shown decline of more than the national average decline (dip of more than 3 points). These include Bihar (from IMR of 52 in 2009 to 48), Gujarat (48 to 44), MP (67 to 62), Odisha (65 to 61), Punjab (38 to 34), Rajasthan (59 to 55), Tamil Nadu (28 to 24), Himachal Pradesh (45 to 40), Meghalaya (59 to 55), Sikkim (34 to 30) and Tripura (31 to 27).Dr Ajay Khera, deputy commissioner child health and immunization, said, \"One of the main reasons for this dip in overall IMR is the attention states have given to neonatal health. Another factor has been the setting up of 340 sick and new born child units (SNCUs) and 9800 newborn care corners.\"According to the Union ministry's plans, all district hospitals will have a SNCU to handle critical neonatal cases over the next five years. They will mainly cater to children born at full term with low birth weight.Low-birth weight babies have a greater risk for developing respiratory symptoms, including wheezing, coughing and pulmonary infections that increases their chances of mortality.Of the 2.6-crore births in India annually, 23% of the babies are low weight (below 2.5kg). Survival rates of low-weight babies are as high as 85%, if brought to a SNCU \"on time\".Union health secretary P K Pradhan told TOI that this year alone 100 SNCUs would be put in place - almost double of last year.In 2006-07, 36 SNCUs were set up, followed by 39 in 2007-08 and 2008-09 and another 38 in 2009-10. Rajasthan has 36 SNCUs, MP (33), Gujarat (31), Karnataka (29) and Tamil Nadu (41).SNCUs will target critical neonatal cases, and the poorest among poor will be able to access them. The facilities will be equipped with latest machines for pediatric care, including radiant warmers, oxygen concentrator, infusion pump, apnea monitor and electronic weighing machines, treating acute cases like birth asphyxia, premature birth, neonatal jaundice, neonatal septicemia, complications of low and extreme low birth weights.\"Each SNCU will have an ICU complete with 12-16 beds, 16 trained nurses and three pediatricians working in eight hour shifts. It will cost Rs 40 lakh to set up each unit,\" Pradhan said.Neonatal (NMR) deaths are one of India's major health challenges. The ministry has also started a home-based newborn scheme to reduce the high NMR, where Accredited Social Health Activist (ASHA) will visit the homes of new mothers six times in 42 days to encourage safe newborn care practices and early detection and free referral of sick babies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11720804", "title": "Workshop for entrepreneurs on export business", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to help new entrepreneurs get acquainted with the export-import (EXIM) norms and provide them opportunities in the EXIM business, the Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry &amp; Agriculture (MACCIA) has taken the initiative to hold a training workshop on the import and export business.As part of this plan, MACCIA has organized a two-day workshop from February 16 for new entrepreneurs across the city. A renowned EXIM consultant from Mumbai, Ajit Shah, will provide valuable tips at the workshop, which is to be held at Hotel Emerald Park.\"India has emerged as one of the major countries in the world due to globalization and Indian products are in good demand in the global market. Indian entrepreneurs or traders can earn much profit through the export and import business. Considering this, MACCIA has organized a two-day training workshop for new entrepreneurs. The aim behind organizing the workshop is to provide maximum business opportunities to city entrepreneurs,\" said an official from MACCIA.The participants will get an overview of the export business, registration process, payment terms, advance payment, export incentives, custom procedure, import management and banking &amp; finance.The participants in a workshop will be guided on export business, registration process, payment terms, advance payment, export incentives, custom procedure, import management and banking &amp; finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721492", "title": "Court grants two months to CBI to conclude investigation in Lucknow-related NRHM scam", "text": "The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday granted two months time to the CBI to conclude probe into Lucknow-related NRHM scam.The order came on an application filed by the CBI seeking three months extension. Meanwhile, the court also granted a week's time to CBI for filing objection against an application preferred in state-related NRHM anomalies.CBI counsel Bireshwar Nath strongly opposed the application, saying that the petitioner could not instruct the CBI to make investigation in a particular manner or interrogate a particular person. In the application, the petitioner stated that the CBI is not interrogating the MD of C&DS; unit of UP Jal Nigam, though he was responsible for the day-to-day functioning of the Nigam, where large-scale anomalies have been detected.The application also said that the CBI is focusing its probe from 2009 instead of 2005 as directed by the court, while entrusting the probe to the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "keoonjhar", "code": "11724968", "title": "Another community says no to ballots", "text": "KEOONJHAR: After the Jhodia and the Konda Reddy communities, it is now the turn of the Jhara community from Keonjhar to say no to the rural polls. About 80,000 voters belonging to the community have decided to boycott the panchayat polls in protest against the government's refusal to give them scheduled caste status. This was recently decided at a meeting held in Dimiria village in Telkoi block, about 80 km from here.The meeting was held under the chairmanship of Kulamani Penthei, state Jhara community association president.\"We will not participate in the poll process till the fulfilment of our demands,\" said a member of the community. Over two lakh people belonging to the community live in the state.Chandramani Penthei, the president of the community association in Telkoi block, said, \"We are very poor. As the government is not giving us SC status, we can not avail government facilities. We are forced to live in distress and difficulties.\"\"In our land pattas, our caste is written as Jhara. Since it is not SC, ST or OBC, we are included in general caste category. We are suffering as we do not get facilities meant for the reserved categories. We want the SC-tag as soon as possible,\" said Ballav Penthei, another member of the community. Kulamani Penthei, the state president of the community, said, \"The state government has not taken any step so far to fulfil our demand. Hence, we have taken the decisions to boycott the election.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725309", "title": "Maheswar Mohanty stable, to undergo another CT scan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Panchayati raj minister Maheswar Mohanty, who was brutally attacked in an election meeting at Chandanpur in Puri district on Monday, would undergo a CT scan for the second time, even though doctors said his condition is stable.\"Doctors would again conduct a CT scan to compare his health condition with the first CT scan report. The test would take place on Wednesday,\" R K Padhy, chief administrative officer of the private hospital here where Mohanty was admitted with serious head injuries on Monday night. \"The minister is stable and under observation in the ICU,\" the doctor said.Doctors had earlier said Mohanty, who received six stitches on the head, would be under observation in the ICU for the next few days. \"He is stable. There is no bone injury. He sustained scalp injury. We will conduct some tests like computerized tomography (CT) scan on him,\" neurologist Dr Bhabani Sankar Das had said on Tuesday. Sources said a three-member team of neurology experts were attending to the minister.Mohanty was attacked with an iron road in the election meeting. Police have arrested the main accused Balabhadra Bhoi and a school teacher Bhubanananda Sarangi. The accused were sent to judicial custody following rejection of their bail pleas on Tuesday.Police, for some strange reason, continued to remain tightlipped about the motive of the attack. The cops are not even ready to divulge the antecedents of the accused. New Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said: \"We are conducting raids and would arrest all those involved in the attack. The reason of the attack is being investigated.\"Earlier BJD held the Opposition Congress responsible for the attack, though chief minister Naveen Patnaik refrained from pointing fingers at anyone. Congress rebuffed the allegations and said the attack was masterminded by some BJD dissidents.This was the second such attack on a BJD lawmaker, close on the heels of the murder of former Nabarangpur MLA Jagabandhu Majhi in September last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721585", "title": "Dealing in stolen goods may get your name into criminals' directory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Buying or selling stolen mobile phones or jewelry or car? Beware. If caught on the wrong foot, you may find your name mentioned in the directory of criminals, maintained by police commissionerates of Ambala and Panchkula. This will be in addition to the provisions of Indian Penal Code (IPC) slapped on those found involved in dealing with stolen goods.In a first of its kind initiative by Ambala/Panckula commissionerates, those involved in sale/purchase of stolen mobile phones and jewelry -- mainly shopkeepers -- shall be made bound by deputy commissioner of police (DCP) for indulging in such acts for a particular time. According to guidelines in this regard, once a person is found indulging in such activities during the period after being bound by police, he or she shall be liable for re-arrest without any registration of case.To be launched in Ambala/Panckula commissionerates, the system shall be replicated in Faridabad and Gurgaon police commissionerates as well, police officials said.\"This shall hopefully act as a major deterrent. As of now, we had been doing this with criminals and history-sheeters, who were found to be involved in incidents of violence or frequent brawls. Now we are targeting shopkeepers whose names have cropped up in buying of stolen jewelry or mobile phones and vehicles. The directory shall be updated from time to time,'' Shashank Anand, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Ambala, said.\"To begin with, we shall be targeting those who are habitual offenders of buying and selling stolen goods. Later, we shall include others as well,\" he added.Meanwhile, when contacted, B S Sandhu, additional director general of police (ADGP), law and order, confirmed the move. \"Once this attempt proves successful, we shall implement it at other places as also,'' he said.Non-bailable activityAs per provisions of CrPC, a deputy commissioner of police (DCP) is empowered with magisterial powers of cautioning persons with criminal history or criminal background for a specific period ranging between three months to two years. If the person is again found to be indulging such activities, which he or she is bound not to do, he faces the prospect being put behind bars. According to police officials, there is no such legal remedy of availing bail for persons arrested on this count.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "markapuram", "code": "11719363", "title": "Arrest foils tiger poacher\u2019s plan", "text": "MARKAPURAM: The worst fears of local tribals on the increasing movements of poachers in Nallamala forests came true when a forest team nabbed a poacher in the late hours of Tuesday. The arrest of the poacher, Parameshwar Munda, from Jharkhand created ripples among the forest officials manning the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam tiger reserve.After intense grilling, Munda confessed to the officials that an eight-member gang from Jharkhand came to the Nallamala to hunt for tigers. Beat officers near Daddanala forest junction, five km from Yerragondapalem, nabbed Munda moving suspiciously in the area and found nets, nuts, bolts and other equipment generally used to trap big cats.Recent surveys indicate that Nallamala tiger zone has a population of about 20 tigers. Markapuram divisional forest officer (DFO) Saravanan rushed to the spot along with additional staff. \"We came across several traps laid by Munda and his associates in the forest. Our first task is removing all the traps laid by the poachers before nabbing the other members of the gang,\" Saravanan told TOI on Wednesday.Sources said searches for the poachers have been launched in Yerragondapalem, Dornala and Markapuram mandals. The DFO said the arrest of a poacher is a serious matter and added that they are yet to ascertain whether the same gang was behind the killing of a tiger near Nagarjunasagar recently. Experts said the exit of Maoists from the Nallamala forests seems to have provided an easy entry for the poachers into the deep woods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721023", "title": "Policy should ensure water for cities and villages", "text": "\"An integrated supply policy should ensure that both urban and rural areas get equitable water supply as per the need of domestic, agricultural and industrial sectors. The onus of providing quality and continuous water supply should be on the state governments.Keeping in mind how urban areas grew by 54% in the past decade, the National Water Policy 2002 should be revised and water grids framed,\" said Sudhir Krishna, secretary of the Union urban development department.A report on the status of service delivery for water supply and sanitation till March 31, 2011, shows the national average of piped water facility to be only 53%, as against 100%, and average per capita supply at 69 litres per capita per day, against the ideal of 135 litres.Coverage of sewage network and solid waste management of households is 12%, as against a target of 100%.Supply models discussedThe summit also held panel discussions on bringing about equity in water supply, but not through the Public Private Partnership model. \"The word 'private' has a psychological effect on people, making them think water will become a costly commodity. It is best to involve governments, corporates and society to develop better water management models,\" said K E Seetharam, director of the Institute of Water Policy and Global Asia Institute.PPP, if well-defined and structured, can be successful in the water sector, said R Raghuttama Rao, MD of IMaCS, a water consultancy firm. \"It has a wrong name because it has been done the wrong way. The animal instinct of private companies needs to be tapped and caged by government agencies,\" said Rao, who was all for the government being the service provider/ watchdog and engaging private companies (with better resources and finances) to execute the joint projects.\"Get technology into it, hold the companies accountable, set up performance indicators and look how a PPP succeeds,\" he said. At the moment, it looks like too many cooks with no recipe in hand, said Rao, referring to the government entities entrusted with water supply in a single city.The Draft National Water Policy was presented at the summit by Sudhir Garg, joint secretary, ministry of water resources, Government of India - National Water Policy. The establishment of a Water Regulatory Authority in each state has been proposed, apart from a national forum to deliberate on issues relating to water and evolve consensus, cooperation and reconciliation among party states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11720155", "title": "Beniwal instructs officials on security arrangement for dargah, development of region", "text": "AJMER: High security arrangement for the upcoming 800th Urs of Khwaja Moinudin Chishty here in June has been planned and extra force will be deployed to maintain law and order during the pouring in of a large number of devotees for the occasion.State home minister Virendra Beniwal on Tuesday held a meeting of the district administration officials and instructed them on the security measures and asked them to keep eye on illegal construction in the dargah region.Taking up the development report of the dargah development plan, Beniwal said officials should identify the illegal constructions in the region so that proper development of the area could be planned. \"Patwari and beat constables should be instructed to keep vigil in their areas and inform about the illegal constructions. From the security point, it is also important to keep the traffic in control,\" the home minister said.Beniwal also asked the officials to make the proper development of infrastructure for pilgrims coming here. \"The budget from state government will be soon released and I will take personal efforts for it,\" he added.During the meeting, BJP MLA Vasudev Devnani raised the issue of illegal Bangladesh nationals living in the city. The MLA was all for their identification and starting a combing operation against them. Another MLA Anita Bhadel asked for installation of mobile phone jammers on the dargah premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11726828", "title": "Decision put on hold to allow hunting", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has put on hold the proposal to allow hunting of vermin wild boar and nilgai, an antelope. Earlier, the government had given the nod to allow hunting of wild boar in view of its increasing population that led to extensive damage of crops.The decision to freeze the move followed protests from animal rights activists against allowing hunting.\"We received the law department's clearance to the proposal seeking simplification in regulations for allowing hunting of crop damaging animals. I am going to meet the chief minister in this regard,\" forest minister Sartaj Singh said on Wednesday.Animal rights activists, including former Union animal welfare minister Maneka Gandhi have opposed this move saying it would hit wildlife. Maneka had said she would take up the matter with BJP high command.\"Right now we are not in a hurry to allow hunting of vermin animals,\" Singh said adding that they have shelved the plan for the time being.He said the forest department action to get permission for simplifying hunting of animal has come following complaints from a large number of farmers that their standing crops were being damaged by wild boars and nilgai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722281", "title": "Pydhonie man held for Rs 2.7 crore fraud", "text": "The Economic Offences Wing of Mumbai Police arrested a man on Tuesday for duping 15 people of Rs 2.69 crore.The accused, Hasan Tambawala (61), runs a metal scrap business in Pydhonie. The police said he ran a cheating scheme from April 2007 to December 2008. He has been charged with criminal breach of trust, cheating and forgery, and remanded in police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724555", "title": "'Need to grant IIT status to IT-BHU at the earliest'", "text": "VARANASI: \"It is essential that the bill for the conversion of IT-BHU to IIT-BHU be passed at the earliest,\" said Giridhar Malviya, former chief justice (Allahabad High Court) and grandson of Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, during his visit to the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU) on Wednesday.Malviya, further added that IT-BHU had been a temple of excellence for more than 90 years but due to greater funding and higher government support to the Indian Institute of Technology (IITs), they were treated to be ahead of IT-BHU.According to him, being within the university, the IIT would remain an integral part of BHU. He also said \"the degrees of the students for the past three years are pending, which is why it is imperative that the bill be allowed to go through Rajya Sabha unhindered and all the concerns regarding the bill can be addressed later.\"While on his visit to the university, Malviya also inaugurated a refresher course on 'Manvadhikar avum Moolya Shiksha' at the UGC Academic Staff College of BHU.Meanwhile, the Institute of Development Studies, Varanasi and department of Commerce, DAV PG College are jointly conducting a two-day national seminar on 'Sustained Development in Globalised Era' on Friday at P N Singh Memorial Hall, DAV PG College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11722125", "title": "It\u2019s now Sanand versus Anand", "text": "VADODARA: Dr Verghese Kurien , the father of India's White Revolution, fought all his life to keep multinationals away from Gujarat, the cradle of Operation Flood. Even after he stepped down as the chairman of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) in March 2006, Kurien issued a caution about the MNC threat that loomed large over milk co-operatives .Six years on, global dairy major Nestle seems poised to make inroads into the bastion of giant dairy co-operatives -GCMMF is a Rs 9780 crore behemoth on turnover-basis . Nestle has finalized a Rs 1,000 crore plant in Gujarat's auto district, Sanand, say state government officials.While the company does not plan to set up a dairy at the moment - it will invest in two phases to set up its factory over 100 acres in Bol village near Sanand to manufacture snack food and confectionary - it has put the financially, socially , and politically powerful co-operative dairy sector on a boil. \"With its deep pockets, Nestle may pose competition to some local co-operatives by temporarily paying more prices to farmers,\" said an expert .But Nestle, which is Punjab's largest milk buyer, works on a cheaper procurement-based model. \"If they subsequently decide to set up a dairy, they may affect some weaker pockets of north Gujarat where dairy unions are not paying higher procurement prices to farmer members,\" said an expert.Gujarat government officials say the company doesn't intend to set up a dairy at the moment and that the new plant will help farmers as the company proposes to procure wheat locally.Nestle India, the Indian subsidiary of Swiss major Nestle SA, currently runs seven manufacturing plants spread across Himachal Pradesh , Goa, Uttarakhand, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Punjab and Haryana.The proposed plant at the rapidly growing Sanand - which already has caught the fancy of car makers like Tata, Ford and Peugeot - will be the company's eighth factory in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719497", "title": "5 submit fake papers to RPO", "text": "HYDERABAD: Passport agents, it seems, have not even spared Army officials in preparing fake verification certificates (VCs). Fake VCs, bearing signatures of two Army officers with Secunderabad's Military College of Electronic and Mechanical Engineering (MCEME), are being sold to applicants for a price.This is the second time in a month that passport office staff have detected fake VCs. In the earlier incident, Regional Passport Office (RPO) staff discovered that a VC signed by senior IAS officer Kamal Kumar B Pargi was fake.The Passport Seva Kendra at Begumpet had five applicants, including a software engineer, submitting VCs signed by two Army officials along with photocopies of their PAN Cards and ID cards. Later, they forwarded the VCs to RPO, Hyderabad to check the authenticity of the documents.The five had submitted their applications on January 13 under the tatkal scheme but RPO recently received letters from Army officers stating they had not issued VCs.\"We found them to be fake, the VCs purportedly signed by Maj SK Mohanty, head of the department, Faculty of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering (FEME) and Lt Col H Shekhar, officer on study leave,\" regional passport officer K Srikar Reddy told TOI.\"An applicant submitted a fake VC issued in the name of Lt Col H Shekhar. The remaining four, including a software engineer, two housewives and a mason, submitted VCs issued by SK Mohanty on his original letterhead.\"\"We sent photocopies of the VCs to both officers for confirmation. We have received letters from both stating that the signatures and the rubber stamp are fake,\" he said. In the wake of this incident, all six PSKs have been instructed to thoroughly check VCs issued by Army officials, the RPO added.Meanwhile, Saifabad police have arrested two agents who issued fake VCs in the name of the commissioner, Shore Area Development Authority (SADA), Hyderabad, Kamal Kumar B Pargi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724571", "title": "Colourful events lined up for Spandan 2012", "text": "VARANASI: The five-day inter-faculty youth festival 'Spandan-2012' would begin at the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from February 25.As per reports of the varsity administration, around 2,000 students, representing 16 faculites, Mahila Mahavidyalaya, four affiliated colleges and Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, would participate in the mega event. A wide range of colourful and vibrant events of music, dance, visual arts and others would be the highlights of the two-day programme. Similarly, a number of venues including Arts faculty auditorium, Annie Besant Hall, Pt Omkar Nath Thakur Auditorium, Amphitheater and Swatantrata Bhawan would host the youth festival.This year the inter-faculty youth festival has assumed special significance as it is being organised to mark the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Pt Madna Mohan Malviya, founder of BHU. Special programmes comprising elocution in three languages including Hindi, English and Sanskrit apart from essay and poster making would be held to mark 150th birth anniversary celebrations of its founder on February 21 this year.Similarly, a special programme on light music would be also organised to pay tributes to Padmabhushan Bhupen Hazarika, an alumnus of Faculty of Performing Arts on February 28, the penultimate day of five-day youth festival. A total of 31 competitions would be held in five different categories and application of participants would be invited at Dean of Students office till February 16 this year.Akanksha 2012: The two-day annual cultural programme of Faculty of Science 'Akanksha-2012' would start from February 2. As per reports from the faculty, a total of 31 events in various categories of music, dance, literary events, performing arts and visual arts would be organised for two days. The winners of these events would represent the faculty in the upcoming Spandan-2012, the inter-faculty youth festival of BHU this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725381", "title": "Probe report on Bondas ready", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Senior bureaucrat Usha Padhee on Wednesday submitted a report to the state government after visiting the Bonda area in Malkangiri district. She was asked to collect information from ground zero following media reports that some tour operators uploaded objectionable information about Bonda tribals on their websites to lure foreign tourists.Padhee, who was former district collector of Koraput, a neighbouring district of Malkangiri, submitted her reports to the chief minister and chief secretary, sources said. Finding of the report was not known as she was immediately not available.Padhee submitted the report a day after the state Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe development department apprised the Centre of its preliminary inquiry into the alleged titillating projection of primitive Bonda tribe by some tour operators.\"In our interim report, we told the Union ministry of tribal affairs about the steps being taken to prevent such practice. A blue print would be created in consultation with the tour operator and tourism department,\" SC and ST development secretary Santosh Sarangi said.Tourism department director H S Upadhyay said the department would scan the brochures and writings prepared by tour operators on different tribes in Odisha. Notably, the Bhubaneswar police recently booked two tour operators on charges of selling tribal packages in an obscene manner.Sources said Padhee, who is director of Trupti (targeted rural initiatives for poverty termination and infrastructure) Project under the panchayati raj department, in her 12-page report highlighted the long-term and short-term suggestions to maintain the dignity and cultural ethos of the Bonda tribe in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721466", "title": "Patna to get another flyover", "text": "PATNA: Patna is all set to get yet another flyover with the Bihar government sanctioning the construction of a four-lane one for the Sheikhpura-Jagdeo Path stretch on Bailey Road at a cost of Rs 161 crore. The government also sanctioned Rs 27.23 crore for setting up two small hydel power units to generate 1MW each.The flyover, with 91 spans and 25 pillars, will be completed in the financial year 2013-14. The hydel power stations of Bihar Hydro Electricity Development Corporation will come up at Dehra and Sipaha in Aurangabad district by March 31, 2014.These were decided on Wednesday at a cabinet meet which also okayed the dismissal of Muzaffarpur's former deputy collector, land reforms, Zeyauddin Ahmad. He was already under suspension on the charge of financial irregularities. The cabinet also accepted the Patna high court's recommendation to compulsorily retire Supaul sub-judge Ramjatan Pal.A sum of Rs 40 crore was sanctioned for acquisition of 25 acres of land in the state capital's Pahari area to which the Mithapur bus terminus will be shifted. A sum of Rs 25 crore was sanctioned for the purpose earlier.The cabinet sanctioned Rs 15.81 crore for upgradation of 34 government middle schools as secondary schools. A sum of Rs 90 lakh was sanctioned as grant-in-aid to the Bihar State Sports Authority.The meet gave its nod to the promotion of 19 additional secretary-rank Bihar Administrative Service officials to the rank of special secretary. Of them, 11 will be posted as special secretary against as many vacancies while the remaining eight will remain empanelled for posting as special secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11722378", "title": "Travel to Rajasthan on state-run buses", "text": "You can now travel to Rajasthan on state-run buses. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corportation (MSRTC) has introduced semi-sleeper air-conditioned Shivneri buses between Mumbai and Udaipur.The bus will initially leave Pune (Swargate) at 2pm and arrive at Borivli (Nancy colony) at 5.45 pm after which it will depart for Udaipur at 6.15 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11725347", "title": "SMEs need awareness on govt schemes", "text": "MYSORE: Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) should utilize state and central government schemes, said SM Jamkhandi, director of MSME Development Institute (MSME-DI), Bangalore, here on Tuesday.Speaking at a one-day state-level awareness programme on 'Export and National Manufacturing Competitiveness programme schemes' he said, although the government was offering a slew of schemes and sops for SMEs, a majority didn't utilize them due to lack of awareness and education about the schemes. Despite these glitches, the SME sector's growth is so obvious. The government has set the ball rolling by instructing all banks to focus more on SMEs, he added.He also mentioned that 45% of engineering exports are from SMEs and it is the largest employment creator in the country. He called upon SMEs to come out with much more creative to compete in the global market. The government provides financial assistance to almost all development aspects. Even if they want to exhibit their products in foreign countries the government will provide financial assistance, said Jamkhandi.\"Those days we needed to go to foreign countries to market our products, but now, foreigners themselves come here and request us to market our products in their countries. There is a lot of improvement in SME sectors and it contributes substantially to the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and todaySmall and Medium Enterprises are the finest jewel on the Indian crown,\" said Jamkhandi.Prakash N Raikar, president, Karnataka Small Scale Industries Association (Kassia), who also spoke on the occasion, called upon the government to hold a discussion on improving SMEs during the 2012 -Global Investors Meet. While giving permission to construct a large scale industry, the government should ensure they give a majority of its piece work to local SMEs instead of giving it to outsiders and also called upon the government to urge Public Sectors like HAL and Railways, to give at least 30% of its piece work to SMEs.Jamkhandi gave a presentation on NMCP schemes while Shariff, assistant director, VITC, gave a presentation on export-related issues. Entrepreneurs from across the state are taking part in the one-day seminar. The event was organized by the Karnataka Small Scale Industries Association, in association with All Small Scale Industries Association of Mysore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720057", "title": "In last 3 yrs, water supply, drains rattled city most", "text": "MUMBAI: With civic elections round the corner, a report by NGO Praja.Org could be an eye-opener for corporators to know what the electorate wants. Based on complaints filed by citizens in the civic body and the perception of people after carrying out a survey, the NGO made public a list of problems that dog Mumbaikars.Water supply and drainage complaints were top issues that troubled citizens between March 2008 and April 2011. Praja Foundation listed three top issues in the civic, health and education segments in Mumbai. The organization also conducted a perception survey of a sample population of 28,707 citizens. According to the survey, water-logging, pollution and corruption preoccupy citizens' minds.According to the white paper, each ward has three top issues that citizens have been complaining about. Between 2008 and 2010, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) received more than 48,000 complaints related to supply issues: 15,431 in 2008, 14,686 in 2009 and 17,916 in 2010. Of these, 4,250 (almost 9%) of the plaints are related to contamination. The others deal with supply shortage, pipeline leakage and connections being tampered with.Between January 2008 and November 2009, there were 74,801 road-related complaints across the city's 27 wards. Licence complaints were 54,062 and water supply-related complaints were 52,501. The BMC also received 33,973 drainage complaints and 26,726 solid waste management complaints during the period.In 2010, the highest number of citizens' complaints registered-around 41,547-was road-related, such as badly surfaced streets, fallen trees and potholes. This was followed by 28,670 citizens' complaints on water supply, 19,020 on licences, 18,085 related to solid waste management and 13,604 on drainage.\"The issues revealed in the finding should be taken as the agenda for the next lot of councillors who will be elected. Facts are simple. Each ward has three top issues that its citizens have been complaining about. The onus of tackling these issues rests clearly on the next lot of elected representatives,\" said Nitai Mehta, founder trustee of Praja Foundation. \"Elected representatives must understand their role is to ensure that the administration addresses the grievances. It can only happen if they are armed with data, if they attend meetings and if they ask the right, probing questions. They must be sentinels of the civic machinery who execute the work,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721923", "title": "Professionals unlikely for One-dayers", "text": "NAGPUR: The shorter format always requires young legs on the field. It does make a huge difference when the youngsters are around; few runs saved or an exceptional catch could change the course of the match.Vidarbha missed that during the Central Zone Syed Mushtaq Ali Twenty20 Trophy in Indore where they decided to go away with three professionals-Sairaj Bahutule, Hemang Badani and Shiv Sunder Das. However, the trio is unlikely to be part of Vidarbha One-day squad for the forthcoming Central Zone Vijay Hazare tournament scheduled to be held in the city from February 20 to 26.If teams for late Krishna Godbole One-day tournament are any indication, VCA is likely to stick with local talent.\"We haven't finalized it yet but it's going to be young team for the One-dayers. All three professionals were exceptional during the Ranji Trophy and their experience helped us to reach the knock-outs but it's different format where our boys are capable enough to take on any opposition. We have quite a few experienced local players. However, if the selectors still feel the need of experience, Hemang Badani might be included but Das and Bahutule are unlikely to get the nod,\" sources told TOI on Tuesday.If it happens, it would be a step in the right direction. Vidarbha won the Central Zone championship twice in the last four years. In 2007-08, they emerged champions under the captaincy of Preetam Gandhe in Kanpur. Last year too, Ranjit Paradkar-led side won the championship.Interestingly, both times Vidarbha went on to make it for the all India semifinals. Even Rajasthan Cricket Association ( RCA ) preferred young legs during the Twenty20 tournament despite having contracts with players like Hrishikesh Kanitkar, Akash Chopra and Rashmi Ranjan Parida.Vidarbha were also the runners-up in the Central Zone Twenty20 trophy in 2010-11 season, but they selectors preferred for ageing professionals instead of youngsters this year and paid heavy price.They lost all four matches in Indore. Vidarbha were clearly the best fielding side in the Central Zone during T20 competition in 2010-11. However, they were pale shadow of themselves this time and that's because of not having enough young legs on the field.\"Our players have been doing quite well in the local tournaments. We witnessed some good performance during the Vidarbha Premier League. So, there is no reason why they can't do the same during the One-day tournament. They know the local conditions. Besides, there will be back to back matches for the teams and it may take a lot out of veterans like Bahutule, Das and Badani. They did a remarkable job as mentors in the longer format but we have done well in the One-dayers in the past with our own resources,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11720137", "title": "Like CPM, Mamata also soft on fundamentalists, says Taslima Nasrin", "text": "KOLKATA: Before the storm over Salman Rushdie's absence from the Jaipur Literature Festival could abate, a fresh one started on Wednesday after the Kolkata Book Fair cancelled exiled Bangladeshi author Taslima Nasrin's book release, saying the government had warned of security problems. But organizers cited problems with the auditorium as the official reason for calling off the event to launch Taslima's latest book, 'Nirbashan' (Exile).Writers and book lovers were taken aback, more so because the gag on Rushdie at Jaipur was the main buzz at this year's Kolkata mela. The publishers then released the book at their own stall amid a small gathering of writers and rights activists.The author of 'Lajja' (Shame), who lives in exile under state protection in India, was scathing in her reaction. Fundamentalists had been emboldened by their success in keeping Rushdie away from Jaipur, she told TOI over phone. \"The mullahs scored a victory by preventing Rushdie from coming to Jaipur. They celebrated by not allowing my book to be launched in Kolkata. What next?\"The Bangladeshi author said that hopes of a better Bengal under Mamata Banerjee had been dashed after Kolkata Book Fair cancelled her book release.\"Like the CPM, Mamata is also soft on fundamentalists. All parties are scared of fanatics. That encourages fundamentalists.\" Mamata is also the state's home minister.Taslima claimed on Twitter that Kolkata Police had arm-twisted book fair organizers to cancel the launch. The Publishers and Booksellers' Guild first claimed the auditorium was not ready, but later clarified that they feared the release could have been a security threat.\"Kolkata, a city of progressive! A book release even w/o my presence not possible! All political parties, all orgs afraid of fanatics! But how long...They banned me, a writer, a person. They do not need to know the content of the book...Some religious fanatics don't want it to happen,\" she said on Twitter.The All India Minority Forum had sent delegations to the Kolkata Police and the guild warning that celebrating Taslima's book could provoke strong reactions. And, when the publishers did a smaller release at their stall, a group of protesters from the minority forum tried to disrupt it. Violent protests led by the Forum in November 2007 had forced Taslima out of Kolkata.\"Nasrin has written against Islam repeatedly. She is doing this at the insistence of the US. She will not be allowed here,\" said Abdul Aziz of the forum. The chairman of the ruling Trinamool Congress's minority cell Idris Ali was among the protesters at the book fest.\"We are upset that her publisher has ceremoniously organized the release of her book. It was done deliberately to insult our community,\" Aziz said.\"I could not risk this. We were told by this group that the release might cause trouble inside the fair. We also discussed the matter with Kolkata Police who said that the group had met senior officers at Lalbazar (Kolkata police headquarters) and vented similar apprehensions,\" said guild general secretary Tridib Chatterjee.The book was released by Bengali author Nabarun Bhattacharya, the son of writer and human rights activist Mahasveta Devi , in the presence of writer Ranjan Bandopadhyay and rights activist Sujato Bhadra. \"All this while we were condemning the Salman Rushdie episode and now we are not allowing the release of a book by another world acclaimed writer. I condemn this move by the guild,\" Bhattacharya said.\"This is a gross violation of human rights. When Nasrin's book was banned earlier, I fought legally to get the ban lifted. Nasrin has not only been banned from the state, now her pen has also been banished,\" Bhadra said.The book launch was scheduled for 3pm but the guild called up the publishers, People's Book Society, around 1pm to cancel the booking.Nasrin said her anger over Rushdie being barred from Jaipur was compounded with hurt when her publisher, Prasanto Roy of the People's Book Society, called to say the launch of the seventh volume of her autobiography had been called off.The sixth volume of her autobiography, Nei Kichu Nei (There's Nothing, Nothing At All), was launched by economist Amlan Dutta at the Kolkata Book Fair in 2010. \"But there were no protests then. So, why now? I urge rational and liberal people of India to think. It's not a personal issue. It involves a larger question of rights and freedom of expression in a democracy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720706", "title": "Toddler run over in Juna Vadaj", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A three-year-old boy, Shivam Gupta, died after being run over by a speeding car. The incident took place at Sohrabji compound in Juna Vadaj. Shivam was walking by the road side with his mother Bhagavati when a car rammed the boy from behind.The boy fell on the road and the car zoomed off. But not before his mother noted the car's registration number. When Shivam was taken to the hospital he was declared brought dead. Naranpura police said that the car's owner has been identified and we shall arrest him soon.In another incident, a traffic cop was thrashed by a rowdy commuter near SG Highway. Traffic head constable Devendra Bhatt, 52, was standing on the road and was operating traffic manually when the incident took place.When Bhatt stopped traffic on one side to allow other vehicles to pass through, a car driver blew his top.The driver started arguing with Bhatt because he felt that the traffic cop should have allowed him to pass through.The car driver also beat up the head constable and tore his clothes. Shop keepers rushed to the aid of the traffic cop and rescued him. By the time police control room was intimated, the car owner had escaped from the spot.\"The car owner has been booked in a complaint filed at Vastrapur police station for assaulting a cop and for stopping him from performing his duty,\" said police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11723670", "title": "Four-way contest on Balha seat", "text": "BAHRAICH: It's a quadrangular contest in the Balha reserved assembly seat of the district with the four main political parties laying claims to the seat. While the Congress, BSP and the BJP have fielded women candidates, the Samajwadi Party has reposed faith in three times MLA Shabbir Ahmad.BSP has given the ticket to Dr Kiran Bharti while the Congress has fielded Poonam Kishore, who is the wife of party MP Kamando Kamal Kishore. The BJP has preferred the same candidate who was defeated at Charda (R) seat by SP in 2002 and 2007 elections.The party has again fielded Savitribai Phoole. The BJP and the Congress are have made development the main issue.Balha (R) assembly area-* Balha(R) was given the status of new assembly area after 72 gram panchayats of Mihipurwa block and 31 gram panchayats of Balha block were merged.Total voters: 2,87,759Male voters : 1,58,616Female voters: 1,29,140Others voters: 03Media has made me a scapegoat: Babu Singh Kushwaha.The former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha said though NRHM scam has hit national headlines, not a single penny was withdrawn under his signature. He added that he has been jointly targeted by the media and the Bahujan Samaj Party government. He was addressing an election meeting at Motipur in support of the BJP candidate Savitri Bai Phoole.At the rally, titled 'Save reservation' and organized under the flagship of national rights of manch, Kushwaha said an IAS officer had been appointed at the headquarters for NHRM and all the money was withdrawn under his signature. \"I simply worked for BSP for the past 27 years,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11726027", "title": "Despite staff shortage, cops have done a great job: Bidari", "text": "BELGAUM: Director general of police Shankar M Bidari on Tuesday congratulated Belgaum district police for their 'extraordinary works' in 2011, despite staff shortage.\"The department has done an excellent work in crime investigation and recovery of stolen items,\" he said speaking after inspecting the exhibition of recovered stolen items that include motor cycles, lorries, laptops, LPG cylinders, and gold and silver ornaments, on police grounds here. Bidari announced a cash award of Rs 5 lakh to the officials, who worked hard to recover stolen items.Belgaum police recovered stolen items worth around Rs 15.50 crore in 2011.Bidari also asked the officials to return the recovered items to the real owners on priority, saying that the action would enhance people's faith in police as well as in law. \"Belgaum is one of the largest districts in the state with around 48 lakh population.However, we do not have personnel in proportionate with the population. The government attention will be drawn to the issue soon,\" he said.The DGP informed that a proposal to upgrade sub-police stations in Ankali, Yaragatti and Pacchapur had been sent to the state government. \"Construction works of the sub-police station in Suvarna Vidhana Soudha will begin soon,\" he added.Bidari added that a Traffic Management Centre will be operational in Belgaum March 31 on the lines of Bangalore centre, to tackle traffic related problems. \"Since Belgaum is being developed as the second capital of the state, there is a need of checking traffic related problems. In this regard, 15 CCTV cameras will be installed in the city,\" he said. Charan Reddy, Belgaum IGP (Northern range), additional director general of police (crime and technical services) A M Prasad, SP Sandeep Patil and additional SP S H Gangareddy were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721532", "title": "High court orders removal of encroachments", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of the Patna high court (HC) presided by Justice T Meena Kumari on Wednesday directed the State Housing Board to remove encroachment from the land earmarked for the construction of hospitals and schools in areas, including Kankerbagh, Hanuman Nagar and Lohianagar locality.The court also directed it to initiate talks with the government as to what measures should be taken to develop the areas as originally the plots were earmarked for hospitals and schools. The said plots have been encroached upon and illegal temporary constructions have come up on them. The court directed the board to remove all such encroachments within four weeks.Lawyers threaten strike: The HC assistant government counsels on the day held a meeting here demanding hike in their salary and threatened to go an indefinite strike if their demands are not conceded.The lawyers have been demanding hike in their salary for the last several years. A meeting to this effect was also held on January 30 by a high-powered committee headed by the chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721485", "title": "Lottery to decide kids' admission to top schools", "text": "PATNA: With five elite public schools of the city issuing 10,000 application forms for admission to pre-nursery classes against less than 700 seats available, around 14 kids will be competing for each seat this year.The schools will select students through a random lottery system, which is giving jitters to the parents of aspiring kids.In the lottery, the names of all aspiring students would be included. \"The names would be chosen randomly and the lucky ones would get admission,\" said a Montessori teacher.\"We will hold an interaction session with parents to know the student better, but we will not take any test of children. Students' selection would be based on a lottery system, as we do not expect kids to know everything,\" said Neeta, in-charge, Montessori section, of the Notre Dame Academy (NDA).\"Around 2,000 forms have been sold for Montessori, but we have yet to decide the total number of seats available,\" said a senior official of NDA. The admission process would begin in the last week of February.Loyola High School will also be adopting lottery system for admission to the Montessori section at entry level. \"There are 180 seats in LKG and as many as 900 admission forms have been sold out,\" said Felix, principal of the school. Admission process will begin in the first week of March and the new session is expected to start from March 27.\"We have sold over 2,000 forms for 200 seats in LKG,\" said an official of Don Bosco Academy, adding, \"Every year most of the parents complain that we take interview of a three-year-old child who can be moody or shy at the time of the interview and does not perform. Interview of kids cannot be the right criteria of selection, so this year we are going to follow lottery system. The lucky students would get admission\".At St Joseph's Convent, more than 2,500 forms have been sold, informed an admission official. There are as many as 75 seats in nursery this year. They would also be adopting the lottery system for admission at the entry level.Mount Carmel High School has sold more than 3,000 admission forms for only 80 seats in KG-1, making the competition tough.On the other hand, DAV BSEB, one of the major English-medium schools of the city, has disappointed parents this year by not keeping any seats available at the LKG level for commoners. Out of the total 40 seats, 25% seats have been kept reserved for underprivileged students and the remaining for wards of BSEB officials,\" said Ramanuj Prasad, principal of the school. He added, \"We have not issued any forms this year.\"Meanwhile, St Michael's High School has finally announced that admission forms will be distributed on February 6 and 7. \"We have 150 seats and there will be random selection of students,\" said an official of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11725303", "title": "Maoist fear keeps candidates indoors in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: Electioneering is yet to pick up pace in Malkangiri district with Maoist fear preventing candidates from coming out of their houses in remote areas.The fear is understandable as it comes in the backdrop of extremist posters and banners asking villagers to boycott the poll process in protest against the state government's alleged apathy towards development of tribals. But the Red rebels have not issued any threats to candidates.Sources said campaigning for the rural polls is yet to gain momentum in several Maoist-hit areas of Malkangiri, particularly Poplur, Kurmanur, Manyakonda, Pusuguda, Kalimela, Chitrakonda and Motu gram panchayats. The first phase polls are on February 11.\"Though we have filed nominations, we live under the constant fear of Maoists. We don't want endanger our lives by campaigning in interior areas because the Red rebels have already given a poll boycott call. We are limiting our campaigning to safer areas of the district,\" said a zilla parishad candidate.Even no top leader of any political party has come to the district for campaigning so far. The Congress, BJD and BJP have left it to their local leaders to manage the show. \"Though several leaders, including chief minister Naveen Patnaik , have started campaigning for their party, till now no prominent leader has toured Malkangiri,\" a source at Malkangiri said.Sources said though adequate security personnel have been deployed for the election process, it is not enough to instill confidence among the candidates given that the Maoists diktat rules half of the 108 gram panchayats in Malkangiri. The district has 15 zilla parishad seats.Over 25,000 villagers of 151 villages that lie on the other side of Balimela reservoir in Kudumulgumma block, a Maoists hub, have threatened to boycott the panchayat poll alleging under development of their villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721229", "title": "Ex-BJP MLAs in, Victoria out in Congress list?", "text": "PANAJI: Congress on Wednesday finalized most of its candidates while keeping a decision on six seats in abeyance.While an official announcement is awaited, sources told TOI that both former BJP MLAs-Rajesh Patnekar (Bicholim) and Dayanand Sopte (Pernem)-are certain of Congress tickets. It is also almost through that St Cruz MLA Victoria Fernandes may not get the ticket. Sources said that if the situation warrants, education minister and Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate may field wife Jennifer in St Cruz.Congress Goa desk in charge J S Brar said 90% of candidates have been finalized and the announcement may be in a day or two. Screening committee chairman Oscar Fernandes is expected to hold a meeting in Goa on Thursday.Speaking to TOI from New Delhi, Brar said, \"By and large 90%of the list is over and the final list will be put before the AICC headquarters may be tomorrow or the day after.\" He said three or four seats would be on hold and their candidates may be announced even after the nomination process begins. Filing of nominations begin on Monday.Congress sources said the party may not announce candidates in Fatorda, Mormugao, Mayem, Sanvordem and Canacona. They added that Canacona is delayed because BJP's sitting MLA Vijay Pai Khot is aspiring a Congress ticket. Mayem and Sanvordem are delayed because of the NCP alliance issue. \"So far Congress has agreed to give NCP six seats which include Vasco, Tivim, Mapusa, Porvorim, Saligao and Sanguem,\" sources said.On Fatorda, the high command is taking various factors into consideration. While it appeared initially that Youth Congress chief Pratima Coutinho would get the ticket, there is no confirmation now on this. Vijai Sardesai is a key contender, but the party is now considering allotting Fatorda to a Muslim candidate and M K Shaikh is a frontrunner, said sources.It is on the same issue that Mormugao is on hold though Sankalp Amonkar's name was finalized earlier.According to sources the Congress list is likely to be: Pratapsingh Rane (Poriem), Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar (Pernem), health minister Vishwajit Rane (Valpoi), Dayanand Sopte (Mandrem), Pratap Gawas (Sanquelim), Rajesh Patnekar (Bicholim), Uday Palyekar (Siolim), Dayanand Narvekar (Aldona), Agnelo Fernandes (Calangute), Yatin Parekh (Panaji), Jennifer and Atanasio Monserrate (St Cruz/Taleigao), Francis Silveira (St Andre), Pandurang Madkaikar (Cumbharjua), Cinthia D'Silva (Cortalim), Mauvin Godinho (Dabolim), Digambar Kamat (Margao), Valanka Alemao (Benaulim), Churchill Alemao (Navelim), Joaquim Alemao (Cuncolim), Aleixo Sequeira (Nuvem), Filip Neri Rodrigues (Velim), Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco (Curtorim), Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar (Quepem), Shyam Satardekar (Curchorem), Ravi Naik (Ponda) and Subhash Shirodkar (Shiroda).Congress is also trying to strike some understanding with the MGP, even as it's hoping the MGP-BJP alliance fizzles out. Kanta Gaude and Ramchandra Mule (instead of Ritesh Naik) are the likely Congress candidates in Priol and Marcaim-seats represented by MGP.Sources said the high command may make last-minute changes.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11725793", "title": "Future of students is at stake as teachers strike", "text": "HUBLI: The future of over 1,000 students of Sri Vivekananda English Medium School, Arvind Nagar, Hubli is at stake, as teachers of the school are on an indefinite strike demanding better salary and other benefits.The school has been closed for the past 11 days. Worst-hit by the strike are the students appearing for SSLC examination in March. Pramod, a Class X student of the school, said, \"Preparatory examinations will start within a few days, but we are lagging behind in covering the syllabus when compared to other schools due to the strike. We are very worried as there is no sign of teachers withdrawing their agitation.\"Parents are blaming teachers for leaving their wards in the lurch when board examinations are just two months away. \"This is not the time to go on an indefinite strike. Without any concerns for the students, the teachers are holding dharnas in the school premises,\" said parents. They also asked the teachers to call off the strike in view of the approaching board exam. \"They should have protested in such a way that students are not affected by it.For the past 11 days no classes were held and kids are going back home after coming to school without learning anything. Who should we blame for this, the management or the school? If the teachers care for their students they should call off the strike immediately,\" said Parashuram Gondale, Somanna Kattishettar, Najeer Ahemed and other parents.Parents are planning to meet the management to find a solution for the issue and to pressurize them. Meanwhile, leaders of teachers' association said that they would continue the strike until the management agree to meet their demands. \"According to a government order, high school teachers have to be paid Rs 8,825 as basic salary and primary school teachers to be paid Rs 6,800.With experience, the teachers should also be given salary hikes and other benefits. However, teachers in the school are paid meager salaries,\" said, R Ranjan, vice-president of Dharwad district unaided English medium school employees association. \"The management had agreed to meet our demands in November after we held protest for eight days. But they have failed to keep the promise. So decided to go on strike again,\" he added. The management was unavailable to comment on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724099", "title": "Anil Mohile passes away at 71", "text": "He arranged music for 85 films, including Amitabh Bachchan starrers Sharaabi and Don.Renowned music arranger, Anil Mohile, passed away on Wednesday morning, at his residence in Andheri, after suffering a massive heart attack. The 71-year-old is survived by his wife, daughter and son, Amar. Mohile reportedly suffered the attack at 2.30 am and shortly after breathed his last.Mohile's son Amar has followed in his father's footsteps, doing the music arrangement for the recent blockbuster, Singham.In his career, Mohile also arranged the music and orchestra for stage shows - both national and international - for singers like Lata Mangeshkar, Asha Bhosle and others.Lata Mangeshkar:?He was an invaluable part of the musicAnil was a constant at all my live concerts. He was the arranger and conductor for every live show of mine, both abroad and in India - all 115 of them. I hadn't met him for a few months. But the last time we met, it was at the Swarnlata recording studio. I was going to sing Rabindra Sangeet. Anil was to arrange the tunes. He had even finalised the tunes. We never met after that. An unfinished project...what to do? God had other plans for him. I heard he had put on a lot of weight lately and he was diabetic. Anil shared a close and warm rapport with my entire family. He was especially close to my brother, Hridaynath.They worked together on innumerable Marathi projects. Anil was very knowledgeable about classical music. He knew how to play the violin and the jaltarang. I can't imagine being on stage without his support. He was with me when I did my first stage show at the Royal Albert Hall way back in the 1960s. He was with me during my last live performance. We've travelled to every part of the world together. Anil was always so humourous.He could tell a joke so effectively, all of us would be in splits. Anil had worked with many eminent composers from S D Burman to Khayyam to Bappi Lahiri. I'd say he was an invaluable part of the music industry. He'll be sorely missed. My heart reaches out to his wife, son and daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11725798", "title": "Post Jay Leno's Darbar Sahib remark lobbyist firm hired to educate US media about Sikhs", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following American Comedian Jay Leno's \"obnoxious\" remark about Darbar Sahib, Amritsar, the holiest of Sikh shrines, on his show on NBC TV around two weeks back which caused resentment in global Sikh community US based rights group Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) has hired a lobbying firm to educate the American media about the true identity, image and message of Sikhism.The lobbyists will approach NBC to provide a forum to a panel of Sikh scholars and notables to educate media and American public about the sanctity and sensitivity of the Darbar Sahib (Golden Temple).\"NBC will also be asked to run a documentary on Sikhism during prime time to help spreading the true identity, image and message of Sikh religion. Also since Sikhs have been victims of hate crime after 9/11 due to misinformation about Sikh religion and identity, lobbyists will approach the US media to run segments showing authentic message of Sikhism,\" said Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor to SFJ.Jay Leno had termed Darbar Sahib as Future Summer home of Mitt Romney (Presidental candidate) in his mid night show on January 19 while showing illuminated picture of Darbar Sahib. This sparked a row among Sikhs and even Indian government had taken exception to it as NRI Affairs minister Vayalar Ravi had asked Indian Ambassador in US to raise issue with US authorities .Explaining the reason for hiring the lobbyist firm attorney Pannun said that educating the international media about true information regarding Sikhs was much needed to spread the true message of Sikhism and to put an end to the decade long spree of violent \"hate crimes\" against Sikhs. \"Since 9/11, from the hate driven murder of Balbir Singh Sodhi in 2001 to the December 2011 attack on Sikh elderly in Fresno, hundreds of Sikhs have been victims of hate crime in the United States,\" he claimed.Tejkaran Kaur, SFJ Youth Coordinator, said that it was the misinformation about the Sikh religion and identity which was solely responsible for the hate crimes against Sikhs in the United States after 9/11. \"Wrongful depiction of Darbar Sahib by Jay Leno rather makes Sikhs more vulnerable apart from hurting them as they are particularly sensitive about the sanctity of Darbar Sahib,\" she said.Meanwhile SFJ coordination committee called off the February 2 protest rally to focus on the campaign to educate the international media to educate the American media about the true identity, image and message of Sikhism. Apart from launching a facebook page to boycott Jay Leno and Sikhs flooding NBC TV channel with protest calls, SFJ had also lodged a complaint with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of the US Government and a California based NRI Sikh hadfiled a suit for damages for Libel in the Superior Court of California against Jay Leno and NBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721462", "title": "BArch student files FIR against principal", "text": "LUCKNOW: A student of Faculty of Architecture (FOA), Charu Agarwal on Wednesday filed a counter FIR against college principal Prof Mukul Singh on charges of assault. Other students of the college also lodged complaints against Prof Singh on charges of harassment. This happened a day after Prof Mukul Singh filed an FIR against the students on charges of murder attempt on his life and creating an atmosphere of terror in the college.In their complaint, students alleged that Prof Singh has ill-treated students especially girls, and have kept the students in dark about the college's registration from Council of Architecture (COA). The students have further sought security from the police citing inhuman behaviour of their principal.Taking note of the situation, a meeting of GBTU officials and FOA faculty was held on late Tuesday evening. On Wednesday, the university has sought a detailed report of Tuesday's incident. Talking to TOI, GBTU registrar, US Tomer said, \"Meeting with the faculty members have already been held. We have asked the college authorities to submit a detailed report to us. Only after the reports come, we will be able to take an action.\"A team of experts headed by pro V-C, GBTU, Prof VK Singh, visited the college. They were appointed to probe the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723480", "title": "V-C changes guest house committee on Canadian professor's complaint", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The vice-chancellor of Allahabad University has constituted a five-member committee to look after the guest house. PK Sahoo has been made its incharge.Although the university administration is calling it as a routine affair, sources said that the order of V-C Anil Kumar Singh, which was later issued by registrar J N Mishra, follows the visit by an eminent professor from Canada , who came to the department of botany to deliver a special lecture. The professor was asked to give some money when he asked an employee of the guest house for certain facility. Annoyed by the act of the employee, the visiting professor, who has been an alumni of the department of botany, gave a written complaint to the V-C.Taking cognizance of the complaint, the V-C took away the charge of the guest house from one of the deputy registrar and handed it over to a five-member committee headed by Sahoo, a senior faculty of the department of education. The V-C has also ordered transfer of the employee concerned, who has been transferred to the department of Geography while another employee has been asked to take over the charge from him.The committee also include RS Singh of the department of commerce and business administration, KN Uttam of the department of physics, AR Siddiqui of the department of geography, Rajeev Parghi of the department of English. Assistant registrar Pradeep Agarwal has been asked to help the committee in maintaining the accounts of the guest house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720090", "title": "Most govt buildings unprepared to deal with fire outbreak: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Soon after the devastating fire at Kolkata's posh private hospital AMRI that claimed several lives, the district administration here carried out a survey of 32 government buildings in December, of which most lacked proper fire fighting equipment.The report reveals that only four buildings in the city-Vidhan Sabha, Secretariat, Gangauri hospital and the high court-are equipped with proper fire fighting devices.The report prepared by the fire officials will now be sent to the government, said collector Navin Mahajan.The buildings include hospitals, government offices and the police commissionerate, which witness high footfalls everyday. Lack of preparedness to tackle a fire outbreak, thereby, puts the lives of several thousands of people at risk daily.Most hospitals do not seem to have learnt any lessons from the AMRI fire. SMS Hospital, the state's leading hospital, too, is not equipped to deal with a fire outbreak. Others like the Zenana Hospital, Mahila Chikitsalya, Jaipuria Hospital and JK Lone hospital didn't fare any better.Some of the other buildings surveyed were animal husbandry department, public works department, circuit house, Yojna Bhawan, finance department , Collectorate, Tax Bhawan, transport department, medical directorate, and GPS office. All these buildings lacked adequate fire fighting equipment.The fire department's officials checked whether these buildings had hydrants, sprinkler systems, hose reels, fire detection system, water tank and hooters, as per the guidelines on fire safety in national building code.In majority of the buildings there were no water sprinklers in the basement or fire detection system.The report also showed that the Jaipur collectorate neither has a fire fighting system nor a no objection certificate (NOC) from the chief fire officer. The building has fire extinguishers, but even those are inadequate.Udhyog Bhawan and Swasthya Bhawan depend solely on fire tenders in the absence of any fire fighting devices at the buildings.Sources said before sending the report to the state government, the district collector will hold a meeting with various department officials on February 8. The meeting will discuss about the budget required to make government buildings equipped with fire fighting devices.The PWD, which also figures in the list of buildings without adequate equipment, had earlier submitted a status report on fire fighting and fire detection system at important government buildings that fall under its maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720693", "title": "Bitten by mites, four scrub typhus fever cases in city", "text": "PUNE: Four persons with fever, a rash over the body and muscle pain that refused to respond to routine antibiotics, were treated at three hospitals in the city a month ago. One of the patients had a black scar, like a cigarette burn, on his thigh.A blood test diagnosed them with scrub typhus fever,a type of mite-borne (rickettsial) infectious disease. Doctors said that one or two cases of rickettsial infections crop up in the city every month.Also known as 'tsutsugamushi fever' (derived from two Japanese words: tsutsuga, meaning something small and dangerous, and mushi, meaning creature), scrub typhus is curable only if a particular type of antibiotic is used, but it can get out of hand when diagnosis is delayed or routine antibiotics are used.It spreads when chiggers,which are mites found in forests, and now in urban shrubs, bite the person and inject a microorganism called rickettsia tsutsugamushi into the blood. A blood test can confirm the infection.\"Farmers, shepherds and mountaineers are usually at high risk of catching this infection which is transmitted from animals to humans. The disease epidemiology has been changing with increasing urbanisation. The vectors of this disease, ticks and mites have now found their residence in urban bushes with increasing transport, influx of people and city limits extending into nearby rural areas. Hence, we see scrub typhus cases,\" infectious disease expert Bharat Purandare said. He has treated four patients with the infection last month.More cases are being diagnosed than before because of increasing awareness among physicians and easier availability of the diagnostic test,Purandare said.Physicians, who have been trained in internal medicine, usually do not have difficulty in identifying this infection. The level of awareness among other, particularly primary-care physicians too is improving,Purandare said. The gold standard test for diagnosis of rickettsial infections (including scrub typhus) is direct fluoroscent antigen. \"This test is not available widely.Christian Medical College, Vellore has been doing this test. The other test,which is widely available in Pune, is Weil-Felix test,\" Purandare said. Weil-Felix test can diagnose the infection with good sensitivity, but sometimes may be falsely positive due to urinary tract infection.At Golwilkar Metropolis laboratory, one of the few accredited labs in Pune, Weil-Felix test was carried out on 267 samples between January 2011 and January 2012. \"Of them, 86 samples tested positive. More samples - almost 10 to 12 per month - tested positive for the infection between August and December.While there were sporadic cases during March and April,\" pathologist Aditi Golwilkar-Mehendale said. Western countries use rickettsial polymeras chain reaction test.\"We don't have access to this test except in some rare research setting,\"Purandare said.Solapur district and large areas of interior Marathwada are the endemic areas in Maharashtra state. The disease has been endemic also in large areas of south India, particularly Tamil Nadu. Northern areas of India are less affected.Physician R B Kulkarni of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital confirmed cases of typhus fever in Pune. \"Tick typhus - another form of rickettsial infections is common. Cases of typhus fever usually come from Shreerampur belt in Ahmednagar district and Satara district. The history indicates contact with cattle. The cases of tick typhus which we usually come across in Pune have a contact history of dogs. Besides, body louse-borne typhus infection is also seen among people from lower socio-economic strata.\" Patient can be clinically diagnosed with rickettsial infection if there is fever not responding to routine antibiotics and rash all over body especially palms and soles.\"If closely examined,many patients do have a black necrotic mark or eschar (classically described as cigarette burn mark) on mainly lower limbs due to the tick or mite's bite which marks the entry point of the infecting organisms,\" Purandare said.Sometimes the eschar may be present on genitals and may be missed. Many patients do not remember any insect bite and lack of such a history or eschar mark does not rule out possibility of rickettsial infection,he added. \"Late diagnosis of this infection is common particularly if patients do not have the typical rash and delay may be fatal in some cases.Routine antibiotics do not work in this infection. The disease can rarely be self resolving,\" Purandare said.A case of scrub typhus, most common of the rickettsial diseases in India, has high grade fever,measles like rash all over body particularly on palms and soles, eschar at mite bite site, regional lymph node enlargement, increased white cell count, decreased platelet count and affection of the liver and kidney function tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721842", "title": "NMC fails to implement Centre-aided education programme", "text": "In Nashik, the implementation of the Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA)-a programme devised by the Centre for the effective implementation of the Right To Education (RTE) Act-has not lived up to public expectation, and is mired in red-tape. Despite being sanctioned a budget of Rs 10.58 crore by the SSA New Delhi headquarters and the Union Ministry for Education for the academic year 2010-2011, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has spent only Rs 2.38 core. The unused funds from the SSA budget are still with the NMC. For the 2011- 12 budget, the proposal will be sent to Delhi and is likely to be sanctioned by April.Not only has the NMC failed to use the Centre's funds, it has rejected approved construction plans for 200 classrooms, which were to be added to existing civic schools, citing 'lack of land availability'. The construction of two new primary schools, 10 additional classrooms and a Rs 1.06 crore project for189 toilets is still pending. The programme's failure in Nashik is seen in the absence of mobile teachers since 2009, unutilized funds, and officials who have still to release funds for the construction of approved classrooms.SSA seeks to open new schools in areas where there are none, strengthen existing infrastructure, and integrate children from minority groups as well as those with special needs with the mainstream education system, but the NMC, say experts, have failed to achieve these goals.The construction of the two primary schools-in Bharat Nagar and Kumawat Nagar areas-had been approved in 2006, but six years later, not even one brick has been laid. The tender for the school in Kumawat Nagar was finally sanctioned in 2010 after years of delay, but was stalled because of a land row. \"Initially, the NMC could not find a suitable plot in the area as the sanctioned land in ward no. 6 would be too far for children from Kumawat Nagar. When it did get a piece of land in ward no. 8, locals opposed the construction as they did not want a municipality school in their vicinity,\" said A A Thakre, principal of school number 51.According to corporator Kamlesh Bodke, the contractor who was awarded the tender did not return to collect his work order and was black-listed. The NMC invited tenders in 2010, and work is expected to begin. Nitin Upasani, administrative officer at the NMC education department said, \"It is true that the 200 classrooms have been rejected as no land is available.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725372", "title": "Mona Singh's BB blues\u2026", "text": "Mona Singh seems addicted to her cellphone...Mona Singh seems to have built a new addiction - of her Blackberry cellphone. The actress, who just started her second innings on television fiction with the new show on Sony TV Kya Hua Tera Vaada, seems to be smitten by her phone.So much so that she can't do away with it even on the sets. A source present on the shoot of the show reveals, \"Just yesterday, Mona Singh got a link to update to the new BB messenger\". But despite the fact that she is obsessed with her phone, she didn't quite know how to handle the upgrading part of the messenger.Not the one to be left behind, Mona started seeking help from friends around on the sets. \"Mona went on asking almost everyone on the sets at that moment to help her update to the new messenger. And only after she got to the new version of messenger did she breathe a sigh of relief\", adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722471", "title": "Woman shop owner robbed at knifepoint", "text": "NAGPUR: A miscreant posing himself as customer robbed a 40-year-old woman at knifepoint at her shop at Yadav Nagar in Yashodhara Nagar on Tuesday night.Pratibha Sahare was at her general stores when an unidentified youth came there and demanded an item of some daily need. The moment Sahare told him that the item was not available, he threatened her with a knife and robbed gold ornament worth Rs 12,000.Yashodhara Nagar police have registered a case.Lovebirds caughtThe social service branch of crime branch raided the Botanical Garden and caught 23 couples in objectionable position on Wednesday evening. They were taken to Gittikhadan police station where their parents and guardians were called. They were later let off.Wireman electrocutedSpanco wireman Vinod Shende (33) succumbed to burn injuries he had suffered after being electrocuted during repair works. Shende died during treatment at a private hospital in Dhantoli on Tuesday evening.The incident had taken place on last Thursday while Shende was busy in repairs to an electric pole at the rural police headquarters in Jaripatka. Shende had sustained major burn injuries.He died during treatment. Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722303", "title": "Hotelier escapes murder bid charge", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after four youths walked free in the murder case of Adnan Patrawala (16), another highprofile criminal trial has ended with the prosecution failing to prove the more serious attempt-to-murder charge.A sessions court on Wednesday convicted hotelier Lalit D'Souza for causing grievous hurt by pumping six bullets into his sister Lorna D'Souza in October 2007 over a property dispute. Lalit, who escaped conviction for the attempt-to-murder charge, has been sentenced to three years' imprisonment for causing grievous hurt.Soon after the quantum of punishment was announced, Lalit was granted bail on a surety of Rs 15,000. Judge A Subramaniam refuted Lalit's argument that the act was committed in self defence and accepted the prosecution's argument that the shooting was premeditated. The court ordered Lalit to pay a fine of Rs 1 lakh of which Rs 50,000 is to be given to Lorna.Both sides said they would file appeals in the Bombay High Court.Visibly shaken by the judgment , Lorna told TOI, \"Was the court waiting for me to show up with visible injuries to understand my pain. There is no way I will accept the money.\"Public Prosecutor Nilima Kasture called the verdict \"unexpected and disillusioning\" .The 2007 attack was the last straw in a long and bitter dispute between the siblings over their plush three bedroom house at Cuffe Parade and a chain of restaurants, among other things. On October 28, around 3.30am, Lalit shot Lorna (43) six times after a tiff over parking space.Lalit, upon being convicted , said, \"I am not exactly relieved . I was expecting to get acquitted. It was she (Lorna) who attacked me. I am disturbed right now.\" However, as soon as the quantum of the sentence was pronounced, Lalit could not stop smiling .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721134", "title": "Metro victim was student under pressure", "text": "KOLKATA: The youth who committed suicide at Jatin Das Park Metro station on Tuesday evening was identified as a student of St Xavier's College who was unable to cope with rising pressure of studies and high self-expectation.On Tuesday, the youth could not be identified as he was sent to SSKM Hospital, where he was declared dead. On Wednesday, police started a probe and identified him as Aditya Goenka, 19, a first-year BCom student at St Xavier's. He is from Asansol's Sitarampur police station area and had been staying in Poddar Chhatrabas.Around 6 pm on Tuesday, the youth jumped in front of a Dum Dum-bound train. Initially, no suicide note was found. Metro services remained suspended between Maidan and Tollygunge from 6 pm to 6.32 pm.\"Later, we found a suicide note in his pocket where he stated that he could not cope with the pressure of studies,\" said joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim.Investigation revealed that Aditya was an extremely bright student who managed to get admission in the BCom stream of St Xavier's College. Investigators spoke to Aditya's friends and found that he was not in his usual self for the last few days. But nobody had any clue that he could commit suicide. They found him extremely focused and studious. He used to work too hard to achieve his target. No one knew that he had lost hope.\"We did not know that one of our students had committed suicide,\" said a senior teacher of the college. \"Parents should have come and told us. But we are a bit confused why he took such an extreme step. The last exam of BCom first year was held in December. The result of the exam is yet to be declared. The next exam is in May. So, there was no apparent urgent provocation that could have led him to take this step.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11723243", "title": "A fee market economy", "text": "If you are a middle-class, salaried Delhiite shelling out a hefty sum of money on school fee, which drills a giantsized hole in your wallet, you probably console yourself with the fact that you are paying the price of living in a world-class city. But if you happened to live in London or Helsinki , the charges for public education would be negligible.Sample this. Over 90% of children in the UK go to free government-run schools. In other words, if you were living in London, you would probably send your child to a municipal school. And yet in Delhi, for a middle-class family, the idea of sending one's child to an MCD school is unthinkable.The result - a constant tussle between parents and private institutions over school fee. While parents have long accused schools of profiteering, schools, on the other hand, say they need money to run, and that parents cannot expect world-class facilities without paying for them.But is it true that the higher the school fee, the better the education your child will receive ? \"There is a common misconception that 'buying' education at a high cost from private providers will ensure better quality of education. What parents are actually paying for are external frills such as swimming pools and air-conditioned classrooms, while the quality of education remains poor. What parents are paying for is the brand,\" says Vinod Raina, an architect of India's Right to Education Act.Incidentally, Wipro's Quality Education Study shows that rote learning takes place even in the country's elite. Aditi Misra, principal of Delhi Public School, Gurgaon, believes high fees are usually linked with infrastructure, not teaching. \"We charge middle-level fees and yet deliver good quality education. Our school was ranked among the top 10 in the country in a survey last year. I don't think AC classrooms are a necessity,\" says Misra.According to Ashok Agarwal - an activist with Social Jurist, an organization fighting high school fees in Delhi - 50% of the fee at most private schools is unjustified and goes into profiteering. \"If this was slashed, education in Delhi would be a lot more affordable for the middle-class,\" he adds. He estimates a 25% increase in school fee each year. There is a series of add-ons to the tuition fee - development fee, activity fee, annual fee and even property tax. Schools spend a fortune on advertising, the cost of which is borne by parents, says Agarwal.East Delhi parent Sanjay Kapoor has even taken his child's school to the Delhi high court for charging property tax and hiking the annual fee from Rs 26,000 to Rs 40,000. Kapoor says that the school - located in Geeta Colony - has tied up with a private provider to install smart classrooms, but is charging more money per student than what the private provider promises on its website.IS Gambhir was amongst a group of parents who actively opposed a fee hike at his child's school in Prasad Nagar and prevented the school from increasing the fee from Rs 32,000 a year to Rs 45,000. A Vasant Valley parent rues that he pays nearly Rs 2 lakh a year for both his children. \"The fee was a lot less when my first child started school,\" he adds.Many parents complain that their salaries are not hiked in accordance with school fee. But Ashutosh Batta, principal of Bloom Public School in Vasant Kunj, points out that parents who demand world-class education must realise that there is a price tag attached. \"In any school, over 70% of tuition fee goes on teachers' salaries. In my school, where the teacher-child ratio is 1:14, 80% of the fee contributes to teachers' salaries. We also spend a huge amount on electricity and water. Technology is extensively used in teaching and administration. Students have access to robotic laboratories and language labs. We also invest a large amount in teacher training. This is one of the many intangible expenses which may be invisible to parents,\" says Batta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722495", "title": "25% saplings planted along roads die", "text": "NAGPUR: The reply to a Right To Information (RTI) application filed by Abhay Kolarkar has revealed that around 25% saplings planted along the roads by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have died. Out of the 2,070 saplings planted in the last two years, 576 are dead, says the RTI reply.\"During my regular walks around the area I noticed many plants were damaged or dead. That is when I decided to file an RTI to take stock of the situation,\" said Kolarkar, a Deendayal Nagar resident. The reply stated that the saplings are planted without any tree guards and is not very clear about the expenses incurred in the plantation process.NB Shrikhande, superintendent of NMC's garden department, said not putting a tree guard was an experiment by the municipal corporation. \"The saplings planted by us are more than 10ft high and hence don't need protection. The cost of a tree guard ranges from Rs 700 to 1,400 depending on whether it is made of bamboo or steel. This money can be used instead to buy more saplings,\" he said.\"They are saying that the plants are big enough to survive without any guards, but the plants they have planted are of low quality,\" said Kolarkar.Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil, an environmental NGO, said that a sapling had very thin chance of surviving without protection. \"It is useless. There are a number of grazing cattle in the city and I am sure that the mortality of the saplings is much more than the 25% they are reporting,\" he said.According to Shrikhande the main reason for such high number of failed plantings was not grazing but the theft of bamboo sticks used to support the saplings. \"People steal these sticks and the plants become limp and eventually die,\" he said.He also said that as this experiment to save money was not yielding expected results, they are now planning to undertake plantation drives on play grounds and approach the locals to help take care of the plants.NMC is also yet to issue work orders to start work for freeing the roots of trees which are choked due to cementing or tarring around the trunk. The issue is pending for months with TOI having reported on it twice in the past. Standing committee chairman Sandeep Joshi had said that he had already allotted money for the work.\"There are some technical difficulties in the proposal to be passed. We will do the work, but it will take some time,\" is all that Shrikhande says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723465", "title": "Students union polls at AU on February 27", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After more than six years, the Allahabad University will witness students' union elections on February 27. The winners may take oath of office on February 28.The probable election schedule was discussed in a meeting held at the office of chief proctor Jata Shankar and between the varsity authorities and district administration. While the AU was represented by the Returning Officer (RO) Prof B N Singh along with the chief proctor, the dean student welfare (DSW), AU's security officer etc, ADM City Akhilesh Tewari and Superintendent of Police S S Baghel were the officials from the district administration. Three student leaders too participated in the meeting.B N Singh while talking to TOI said: \"As the district administration was unable to provide the needed police force before February 15 for it would be deployed in other areas in view of the state polls. So we have chalked out our programme after February 16 when the force will be back.\".\"The elections process at AU would start from February 17 with the distribution of nomination papers which would be available and be submitted by February 18. Scrutiny of the forms would be done on February 20 and 21 while the list of eligible candidates would be announced on February 22,\" said Singh. The polling would be done on February 27 and the results would be announced on the same date. The winners would take the oath on February 28, he added.Although the exact date of notification is yet to be decided by the varsity administration, sources inform that as the notification has to be done by the registrar, the same would be done within this week. Remarkably, once the varsity issues the notification, the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee would be strictly adhered by the AU authorities and if any of the clause, mention in the recommendation, is violated by the candidates he or she would be debarred from contesting the elections.Further sharing his plan, the RO said that an election committee would soon be formed at the campus which would be having its members from every faculties of AU. As the voter list is being papered at by the office of the chief proctor, other preparations would follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719954", "title": "Cartoonist booked by Bandra-Kurla Complex police", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-Kurla Complex police has booked a Kanpur cartoonist, Aseem Trivedi (25), for reportedly posting \"ugly and obscene\" content on his web portal he owns and for putting up banners mocking the Indian Constitution during Anna Hazare's anti-graft movement at the BKC ground in Decemberlast year.The police registered the case recently after conducting a probe based on a complaint received from an RTI activist, who had appealed to the Bombay High Court to take action against those who tried to malign the Constitution.DCP (operations) and Mumbai police spokespersonfor Mumbai police, Manohar Dalvi, confirmed a case had been registered against Trivedi. \"Cartoons that caused the stir included an interpretation of the Indian national emblem, where four wolves stand in place of King Asoka's Sarnath lions. Also, the message on the emblem reads Bhrashtamev Jayate (Long Live Corruption) instead of Satyamev Jayate.The other controversial cartoons on the website included a bureaucrat appearing to assault a woman draped in a sari bearing the Indian tricolor, while a building, strikingly similar to the Indian Parliament, is labelled as the \"National Toilet\" in another cartoon,\" Dalvi said.Trivedi said, \"The cartoons were in no way organized by the Hazare campaign.\" Over the phone from Kanpur, Trivedi says his intention was not to mock the Indian Constitution but to \"depict the ailing truth of the nation and send across a strong message to the masses\".Trivedi told TOI over telephone on Wednesday from Kanpur.The BKC police have booked Trivedi under several sections of the IPC, including the State Emblem of India (Prohibition of Improper Use) Act, 2005 and under Section 66 of the IT Act.An officer said the hearing in the matter will be held at Bombay High Court on Thursday.However, Trivedi was unaware about the hearing neither the case registered against him till Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720196", "title": "FIR filed in Kalbadevi teen case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Wednesday registered a case against unknown person(s) for kidnapping 17-year-old Akshay Rawal. The FIR comes about a week after Akshay went missing from near his Kalbadevi residence.\"Akshay's father has filed an FIR, but has not named anybody. It seems unlikely that the boy has run away; someone has taken him away-either forcefully or by luring him. There are times when someone is abducted not for money, but for other reasons. That can explain why his family hasn't received any ransom calls,\" said inspector A Sarambalkar from the LT Marg police station.A boy was summoned for questioning. He was interrogated for several hours. This boy is the family's only suspect as he had fought with Akshay a month before the latter's disappearance. The man allegedly changed his statements several times about his location the night Akshay went missing.\"Sharma seems to be a meek boy and I don't think he will be capable of harming someone. But since the family seems to think he has something to do with the incident, we have been interrogating him repeatedly,\" said Avinash Sonawane, Senior Police Inspector of L T Marg police station. Sharma's brother-in-law admitted that the police were treating him as the main suspect. \"He has been detained in the past and questioned for several hours. His mother is so unwell and this is causing a lot of stress to her. We are cooperating with the police since we know he is innocent,\" he said.Meanwhile Akshay's friends have created a group on Facebook, asking people to post any information they might have about him. \"His friends have been searching for him non stop for the past one week even though their board exams are near. They have gone to all their hang out spots and even used social networking to spread the word. Even I will be putting up his details on facebook today,\" said Vipul Rawal, Akshay's cousin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721587", "title": "Craft fair to open tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: A ten-day craft fair, Nabard Haat, will open at the Sinha library ground here on Friday.State agriculture minister Narendra Singh will inaugurate the fair, being organized by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) for the second consecutive year. As many as 100 stalls will showcase handicrafts of Bihar as well as West Bengal, UP, Manipur, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Rajasthan.Nandita Banerjee, a member of the organizing committee, said the focus of the fair would be to promote local handicrafts like 'Tassar' silk from Bhagalpur, bamboo work from Gaya and Munger, jute work from Katihar and Mithila paintings from Madhubani.\"A short seminar will be held at the venue at 3pm every day during the fair on topics such as 'Right to information', 'Right to education' and other policies of the government,\" she said and added events such as health check-up camp, street plays and painting competition besides a buyer-seller meet would also be organized during the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724658", "title": "Hotel booking scam: Police record statements of organizing committee members", "text": "VARANASI: The Lanka police recorded the statements of some of organising committee members of the recently organised 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG-2012) in connection with alleged charging of huge amount against the declared tariff of hotel rooms from the participants on Wednesday.Talking to TOI, Arvind Kumar Maurya, circle officer, Bhelupur said the investigation in the alleged fraudulent case was on and the recording of statements of organising committee members was a part of the process. \"The temporary office in the Institute of Medical Sciences, BHU has been sealed and efforts are on to collect details of papers of registration fees, transportation and hotel tariffs,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that the Lanka police had sealed the temporary office in the presence of proctorial staff of BHU after lodging FIR against 14 persons including the organising committee office bearers of AICOG-2012 on Tuesday (January 31). The five-day AICOG-2012 was held at Swatantrata Bhawan in Banaras Hindu University campus from January 26 to January 30. As per OP Rai, deputy chief proctor, BHU, the investigations in the matter are going on and the proctorial staff is lending full support to the police.An FIR had been already lodged with Lanka police against 14 persons including all chairpersons, secretaries of AICOG's organising committee and also the owners and officials of travel agencies involved in it under sections 419, 420, 406 and 120B (fraudulent and conspiracy) of IPC and also section 74 of IT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11725413", "title": "Mysore research centre gets $50K grant from US", "text": "MYSORE: When she arrived at the Oriental Research Institute (ORI) here on Tuesday, US consul general Jennifer McIntyre was bowled over by its majestic facade. There was more when she was shown a 450-year-old copy of the 4th century B.C. manuscript of 'Arthashastra'.\"I didn't expect it. I'm thrilled to see the manuscript,\" she exclaimed while handing over a cheque of $50,000 to the University of Mysore to renovate the structure. Kautilya's 'Arthashastra', a prized possession of the 125-year-old ORI, was taken out from its case and shown to her by vice-chancellor VG Talawar and ORI director Vidwan M Shivakumaraswamy. She told them: \"The manuscript should be preserved well.\"The cash-strapped ORI has a rich collection of around 60,000 Sanskrit manuscripts and will use part of the US grant to procure storage devices to preserve the palm leaf manuscripts. The grant is for restoration of the heritage building.In November, 2011, TOI reported the sorry state of affairs at the institute and could well lose the Arthashastra, one of the oldest global treatises on statecraft and economic policy.Jennifer McIntyre said: \"I was told the ORI collection includes the Arthasashtra which was in use for several centuries before the manuscripts disappeared.\" According to scholars, the ORI manuscript has a lifespan of 700 years. The manuscript, believed to be a reproduction from the original, was given by an unidentified Tanjore scholar to the institution.She said the US has provided grants of nearly $25 million for the preservation of 640 projects in over 100 nations. These have been used to support a wide range of activities such as restoration of historic buildings, assessment and conservation of museum collections, archaeological site preservation, documentation of vanishing traditional craft techniques, improved storage conditions for archives and manuscripts, and documentation of indigenous languages.Talawar said Ratna Mukherjee, a culture specialist at the US consulate general in Chennai, called him up to know about ORI and later visited it. \"She promised to get special funds and helped us prepare the document,\" he said.JAYA'S GESTURETamil Nadu chief ministerJ Jayalalithaa, whose links with Mysore go back to her childhood, agreed to extend financial assistance to the ORI and promised grants for manuscript preservation, said the institute director. The institute had approached the TN CM for aid. He said there's a need for additional grants to digitize manuscripts and preserve them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722648", "title": "Ahead of temple festival, greens urge villagers to cut pollution", "text": "CHENNAI: Every year, nature lovers in Hosur face a serious problem. Tens of thousands of pilgrims flock the Nandi temple by the banks of river Cauvery in Dabaguli in the Urigam forest range to celebrate the annual festival on February 5. Although the temple inside the reserved forest area attracts a lot of devotees from Tamil Nadu and Karnataka every month, the crowd during the annual event poses a threat to the forest and its wildlife. \"The overnight event witnesses poojas, dramas and illegal consumption of alcohol. At least 20,000 people gather to celebrate the festival and inevitably leave behind waste, including plastic items and liquor bottles. This is a cause for concern as these forests are home to the highly endangered grizzled giant squirrel and a host of other wildlife, including the Sambar, leopard and four-horned antelope,\" said Aparna V Kolekar of the Kenneth Anderson Nature Society (KANS), an NGO that campaigns to minimise pollution at Dabaguli. The festival was mooted in 2007 by residents of surrounding villages with the active support of some religious heads. They formed a committee with representation from surrounding villages. \"At least 10,000 people participated in the festival in 2011. Food was prepared on the banks of the river itself. Locals even put up food stalls and tea-shops. Once the festival got over, the area was in a mess, with plastic, liquor bottles and other waste,\" said Kolekar. Although the KANS volunteers have finished distribution of pamphlets in 30 hamlets around Dabaguli appealing to villagers to minimise pollution, more awareness activities are in the offing. Hosur DFO A K Ulaganathan said he had taken necessary steps to minimise pollution in the area during the festival. \"I have spoken to the district collector and SP to deploy more forces to control the crowd. We are planning to declare the area plastic-free and we are in talks on this. We will try our level best to control the crowd and make sure that the habitat of the animals is not disturbed at all,\" said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11721124", "title": "Farmer commits suicide in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: A 45-year-old sharecropper killed himself in a Burdwan village, taking the toll of farmer suicides in the district to five.Lalu Majhi of Baharpur village under Belkash panchayat under Burdwan Sadar police station took pesticide on Monday and died in Burdwan Medical College Hospital on Tuesday morning. His body was cremated on Wednesday.Majhi's brother Swapan alleged that the former owned very little cultivable land and depended solely on sharecropping. He had borrowed around Rs 50,000 from local moneylenders and was unable to repay them back. Majhi did not have a good crop in the last Boro season and this time, he cultivated potato and aubergine. But due to blight, a disease, the crops have been affected badly. Finally, worried about the loan to be repaid, Majhi committed suicide.Majhi has left behind his widow and two sons. This is the second farmer suicide in Belkash panchayat area in recent times. Last year, a farmer called Bhabani Porel committed suicide just after chief minister Mamata Banerjee paid her maiden visit to the district headquarters of the rice bowl of the state. The SDO (north) of Burdwan has called for a probe.The situation is becoming worse by the day and if the state government fails to take any step, it will only worsen within a month, alleged Abdar Rezzak Mondal, the district secretary of the Krishak Sabha.On January 28, a 54-year-old farmer of Katwa, Bhootnath Pal, hanged himself because he feared that he would not be able to repay the moneylender. On January 15, Rabindranath Patra, 28, a marginal potato farmer, took pesticide at Ghanashyampur village in Kalna. The day before, Tapas Majhi, 35, another marginal farmer, hanged himself from a mango tree in Suluntu village of Purbasthali.On January 1, Amiya Saha, 48, a potato farmer, took pesticide in Rajpur village in Memari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721065", "title": "Breather for HS students", "text": "KOLKATA: Candidates appearing for Higher Secondary examinations can breathe a sigh of relief as the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council has decided to extend the date by which schools must hold practical examinations to February 10. Around 67 schools including 46 from the city, have not yet held practical examinations.The council has also decided to extend the date of submitting registration and enrollment forms till February 7. Starting this year, the admit cards will also have mentioned dates of examinations of different subjects. Earlier, the last date of submitting enrollment forms was January 11 and that of registration form was December 31. \"The schools have been given an extension for convenience of studentssince many students would have otherwise been in deep trouble,\" said President of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council, Muktinath Chattopadhyay.It has also been decided that from this year onwards, admit cards will mention dates of examinations of different subjects. \"It has been done so that students do not have a chance to miss any exam,\" added Chattopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720284", "title": "54-yr-old dies in custody; family alleges torture", "text": "JAIPUR: A man arrested for alleged involvement in several theft cases died at Mansarovar police station while he was brought at the police station for questioning in a theft case.Though preliminary investigation suggested the cause of his death was heart attack, but the police are awaiting the postmortem report to find the exact cause of his death.The accused Yogesh (54) was brought at the Mansarovar police station on Tuesday evening. During the early hours on Wednesday, he complained of uneasiness and was rushed to the Sawai Man Singh hospital where he died, police said.Since it was a custodial death, the acting Deputy Commissioner of Police (South) Vijendra Jhala has suspended the circle inspector, Mansarovar, Dharmjeet Singh, officer Jagdish Prasad said.\"Prima facie it was a natural death as the doctors suggested. The accused after arrest complained of uneasiness and was admitted to Sawai Man Singh hospital on Wednesday where hospital authorities claimed it to be a cardiac arrest. Despite that a guideline of the Supreme Court says if a person dies at police station, action needs to be taken against the officers concerned,\" Jhala added.Yogesh had been booked for several theft cases at Mansarovar police station.However, family of the deceased alleged torture at the police station. But, police said he was merely being questioned on Wednesday morning when he felt uneasiness and later succumbed in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11721564", "title": "2-day police custody for women extortionists", "text": "SIRSA: The chief judicial magistrate (CJM) On Wednesday ordered two-day police custody for two women from Punjab, who were arrested for allegedly extorting money from an ex-sarpanch, kidnapped by them at pistol point last Wednesday. Accused Manjeet Kaur and Manijeet Kaur were among three booked by police in a case of abduction for ransom, registered against them at Sadar police station on Tuesday.The case was registered on the complaint of Suraj Bhan , ex-sarpanch of Khuiyan Nepalpur village, who accused the three women of abducting him at pistol point. After abducting, they reportedly took him to a bordering village of Punjab where they clicked his photographs after stripping him at pistol point.\"They released me on Monday, but within a few hours, they started blackmailing me by threatening to circulate my pictures in the village as well as by posting on the internet,'' alleged Suraj Bhan.Meanwhile, police produced the two women in the court of Naresh Singh, CJM and sought police remand for them. \"Besides finding out details about the third accused woman, case properties like pistol and camera used by the accused have to be recovered,'' police informed the court.Later, interacting with mediapersons, the two women pleaded innocence and alleged that they were implicated by police at the behest of Suraj Bhan, who used his influence to get them arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720762", "title": "Gujrat: Education board permits 34 schools to begin higher secondary classes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials on Tuesday gave permission to 34 higher secondary schools and 25 secondary schools. The permission was granted by the executive committee of the board.Officials said that 112 applications were received by the board for higher secondary schools. Of these 34 were granted permission while 78 applications were rejected. Of the 34 schools cleared, 30 were Gujarati medium schools while four were English medium schools.The board had received 128 applications for the secondary schools of which 25 were granted permission while 103 were denied permission.Board officials said that the board has introduced a new system wherein instead of processing applications once in a year, the applications would be processed once every month or two months whenever the executive committee of the board met.This will ensure that the schools get permission in time to start admissions. tnnEarlier, the schools would be given permission at the last minute . Or else, there would be a situation where the schools would informally accept students believing that it would get permission but their applications would later be rejected, which created problem for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11721672", "title": "Chaliyar brims with life again", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Every Sunday morning the banks of Chaliyar at Vazhakkad springs to life as children leap into the sparkling blue waters under the watchful eyes of K A Shukkur. He had spent most of his life in the forefront of the state's first green movement to save the Chaliyar river from the toxic effluents spewed into it by the closed down Mavoor Gwalior Rayons Factory. The swimming class that he started for village children recently is a public declaration of the river's miraculous revival.From a toxic-laden cesspool a decade ago to the virgin waters that it now carries, Chaliyar has regained its pristine glory within 12 years of the closure of Gwalior Rayons factory at Mavoor, 21 km from the Kozhikode city centre. The waters are teeming with fish. Women and children living on the banks now use its waters for household use and fishermen are blessed with bountiful catch. A marked contrast to the time a decade back when people dreaded to even touch its black waters.The Birla-promoted rayon grade pulp and fibre plant was the largest private sector investment in the state when it started operations in 1963. The factory's 36-year-long operations were marred by intense agitations. People from 18 panchayats bordering the Chaliyar protested against the discharge of killer chemical wastes to the river, and sulphur dioxide and carbon disulphide emissions in the air. \"Chaliyar has again become a lifeline to thousands of people living on both its banks in the Kozhikode and Malappuram districts. It is nature's own way to show that the people's movement against pollution, which ultimately led to the closure of the Rayons factory, was just,\" said KA Shukkur, an active member of the Chaliyar Action Committee.The river now supplies almost two lakh litres of water a day to the KINFRA Park at Kakkanchery. Several drinking water and irrigation projects have sprung up along the banks of the river.Surprisingly, the revival of the river also has a spiritual element to it.A number of small mosques and temples on the river banks which were abandoned during the peak of pollution have also come back to life. \"Many mosques on the banks were closed down as we couldn't use the water. For us the revival of the river has meant regaining our right to exist,\" said Prof N A Rahman of the Darul Ullom Arabic College at Vazhakkad.With fresh water and air in plenty the health situation at Mavoor and nearby areas have improved. Dr Dinesh P K, medical director, Al Noor Hospital, said respiratory disorders and skin problems among the people have common down. \"I used to treat over 500 people a day, mostly with skin ailments and urinary stone. The health profile of the people has improved much after the closure of the factory,\" he said.With nature back in prime, the business sector in the area too has regained its vitality with several mega tourism and villa projects on the drawing board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723537", "title": "NTPC completes work on unit 5", "text": "ALLAHABAD: National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Rihand, has completed the boiler light-up of unit number 5 of 500 mw.The commissioning activities of unit 5 have marched ahead towards synchronisation while unit 6 of 500 mw is heading towards boiler hydro test. Construction of the third stage of 1000 mw of Rihand will be a major boost in improving the power situation in northern states, including UP.NTPC CMD Arup Roy Choudhury, director (project) BP Singh, regional executive director (northern region) AK Jha and general manager (incharge), Rihand project, P Ramesh have congratulated the employees for the achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720880", "title": "3 army officers booked for dacoity, rioting &amp; assault", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police on Wednesday registered two separate criminal cases against three officers and 30 to 40 others from the College of Military Engineering (CME) for allegedly assaulting traffic police personnel at Tilak Chowk and ransacking the Sambhaji police chowky on Tuesday evening.However, the police did not make any arrests. \"We will investigate the cases and forward a report to the military authorities,\" deputy commissioner of police (zone I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare told TOI.Inspector Arjun Sakunde of the Vishrambaug police said, \"Police action will depend on the outcome of the court of inquiry and court orders.\" The police identified the CME officers booked for the incident as Captain V Advait, Lieutenant A B Pandit and Arjun Sood.The three, along with 30 to 40 others, have been charged with penal offences under sections 395 (dacoity), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 452 (house-trespass, preparation for hurt, assault or wrongful restraint) and sections 143 and 147 (rioting).The cases are based on the complaints lodged by traffic constable Nitesh Tapke, who bore the brunt of the assault by the army officers, and Sanchit Hanchate, the cameraman of a television news channel. Hanchate has stated in his complaint that the army officers and their men took away a digital tape from his camera. This attracted the dacoity charge against the alleged offenders.Tapke has accused Captain Advait of using abusive language against him and woman constable Latifa Maner when he (Advait), who was on a motorcycle, was stopped at Tilak chowk for using the bridge on which twowheelers are not allowed from 9 am to 9 pm.Tapke said Lt Pandit, who was riding pillion with Advait, summoned his colleagues when they were taken to the police chowky. A group of 30 to 40 men from the CME forced their way inside the Sambhaji police chowky and assaulted him besides pushing Maner, the complaint said. They also broke the glass on the table and a mirror inside the chowky, the complaint added.Sakunde told TOI, \"On the basis of Tapke's complaint, we have registered offences of criminal trespass, assault on public servant and rioting, among others, while Hanchate's complaint has led to the dacoity charge.\"Meanwhile, two officials from the military police on Wednesday afternoon visited the Vishrambaug police station. The officers recorded the statements of Tapke and woman constables Maner and Sunita Burud. The two women constables had intercepted the army officers at Tilak chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721455", "title": "Court summons Lalu, Jagannath", "text": "The special CBI court, Patna, presided by Vijay Kumar Srivastava, on Wednesday fixed March 1 as the date for framing of charges against former chief minister Lalu Prasad , former chief minister Jagannath Mishra and 30 other accused in a case involving fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 42 lakh from Bhagalpur and Banka treasury.The court issued summons to Lalu, Jagannath and the other accused to appear before it on March 1 when the court will frame charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721055", "title": "Violence inside school causes fear among students", "text": "GURGAON: The incident of a student and his father thrashing a security supervisor for not letting them park in front of the gate at one of city's prestigious schools has sparked a debate in the city. The fact that the incident took place within school premises is leading to concern among students, parents and schools staff.On Monday afternoon, Avdesh Sharma 52-year-old security supervisor of DPS Sushant Lok was beaten up with baseball bats by a class XI student and his father. The victim received a fracture in his right leg and is admitted in ESI hospital. The CCTV footage has shown that more than 5 security guards and 31 bus drivers watched the incident as mute spectators. The police were called only when situation went out of control. Many other members of school staff were also present in the campus, but no one came to help Sharma.\"We were told by the principal to keep away from the fight as police were called in. It's shocking how the student turned violent inside the campus,\" said a school staff member. When asked, school principal Dr Ruchi Seth said that she took the decision of calling police and asking other staff members to stay away from the fight to ensure that no one else was injured. But other parents raised their concern on security inside school campus. \"The school should have acted promptly. No one should be allowed to risk lives of so many students. But we need to move on now,\" said a worried parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11719281", "title": "Rs 13k cr scam in national solar plan, claims CSE", "text": "NEW DELHI: In violation of norms laid down by the government, a single company, Lanco Infratech has allegedly cornered 40% of the contracts bid out for the first phase of the National Solar Mission, garnering 235 mw worth projects with assured revenue of Rs 13,000 crore over the next 25 years including a large subsidy that the consumers will end up paying.Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment on Wednesday released documents showing how the company allegedly created fronts to side-step the rules and win much more than the 105 mw worth contracts it was legally allowed to.The Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission is meant to install 20,000 mw of grid-connected solar power by 2022. In its first phase, 1,000 mw worth of projects were to be bid out by 2013. In the first batch of the bidding process, 150 mw of solar PV plants and 470 mw of solar thermal power plants were bid out with no company (including its affiliates, subsidiaries etc) permitted to bid for more than 5 mw of solar PV and 100 mw of solar thermal each.\"These guidelines were blatantly flouted by Lanco Infratech. This company floated front companies and grabbed no less than nine projects worth 235 mw. This is about 40% of the 620 mw worth of projects auctioned by the government during the first batch of the first phase of the Solar Mission,\" CSE said.The documents released by CSE showed that the companies' balance sheets were beefed up just in time to meet the bid requirements. The final date was also delayed to adjust one particular case. The bids were almost identical with a 5 paise difference in the discount rate proposed.CSE said besides the two disclosed Lanco group companies, \"all (other) seven companies had Rs 1 lakh or Rs 10 lakh in equity, no assets or reserves from the past; all were created for the bidding process; all companies increased their authorized amount of shares and then issued preference shares on the same day (December 31, 2010); the shares did not go to Lanco directly, but showed up in its annual report. Then all Lanco and front companies bid for the PV projects in a unified fashion, quoting similar tariffs with 5 paise jump between each bid.\"CSE gave details of how project reports of all projects were identical and the land agreements for the legally distinct and differently owned projects were signed with the government by one person - a Lanco employee. It claimed that seven more companies besides those shown as bidders had direct links with Lanco -- \"some had Lanco employees and their family members as directors, while others have strong commercial ties to the company. Lanco's own annual report indicates that all the seven are firmly in its control\".Six of these companies initially proposed one site and the two proposals for solar thermal were proposed at one site. But the eventual site for all none projects ended up contiguous to each other in one single village Askandra in Jaisalmer. Lanco also got the Engineering Procurement and Construction contract for all the projects.While the ministry of new and renewable energy is the regulatory ministry, the entire operation comes under a subsidiary of NTPC -- NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Limited (NVVN).When contacted, MNRES secretary Girish Pradhan told TOI, \"The entire process is being done by NVVN, we only set the rules. Now that the information has come out, we will investigate it in depth and no violation or deviation from norms will be tolerated.\"NVVN provided a statement to TOI which said, \"There is no bar in the guidelines for a company to be EPC contractor in more than one project. After signing the power purchase agreements, we noted that controlling shareholding in some of the companies appeared to have changed which was in violation of guidelines. After obtaining legal opinion on the issue, we issued notice of default to such companies. Companies stated that they had not violated the provisions of guidelines and it was a matter of interpretation. However, in order to resolve the issue, the concerned companies finally rectified the default.\"NVVN refused to reveal the name of the companies that were found in violation of the bidding rules or where it had got the legal advice from.Lanco said it \"objected to\" CSE's statements which it claimed were \"wrongly perceived\" and not cross-checked with the company. CSE said it had repeatedly tried to solicit comments from the company.Lanco further said, \"Lanco Group has equity participation in few of the companies that have won the National Solar Mission projects in 2010. Equity participation of Lanco is within the permissible levels. The bidders who Lanco supported were able to bid at one of the lowest tariffs as Lanco provided them the latest technology and complete EPC solutions for the projects. As the power purchase agreement (PPA) for these projects are for a period of 25 years, Lanco's equity participation in these projects also brings confidence to the bidder to use our technology and EPC solutions in arriving at such a competitive tariff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720232", "title": "HC seeks Jor Bagh shrine land details from DDA", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the original files from the Delhi Development Authority and the state government relating to land allotted to a shrine in south Delhi's Jor Bagh area and its management.HC was hearing a public interest litigation filed by residents of B K Dutt Colony, alleging that some people had encroached public land in the name of performing religious works and had indulged in violence against them. On January 15, at least 25 people, including a woman and some police officers, were injured in clashes between police and Shia mourners, who wanted to enter the shrine. A division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw also directed the station house officer concerned to ensure there is no law and order problem in the area.The residents are living in fear but the police have not been able to protect them, the petition said. \"Police have actively collaborated with the outsiders to grab the space within the colony owned by the government,\" the petition alleged.According to the petitioners, the outsiders have allegedly attempted to intimidate the residents of the colony by foisting false cases on them and using the police to threaten and harass them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721508", "title": "Three of family die in road accident", "text": "PATNA: Three persons of a family were killed while two others seriously injured as a car carrying them overturned near Bhakhri Mor under Dhanarua police station in Patna district on Wednesday.Rural SP, Patna, Manoj Kumar said that the accident occurred early morning when the car on way to Ranchi from Patna lost balance and fell into a nearby ditch. He said that the accident took place as the driver lost control over the vehicle. Three of the five persons travelling in the car died on the spot, the SP added.The deceased were identified as Kavi Alam, Zafar Alam and Zagad Alam while those injured are Khurshid and Rehan. All the three deceased belong to Phulwarisharif, Patna, while Khurshid and Rehan are residents of Raza Bazaar.They were all were going to Ranchi in connection with a marriage negotiation. The injured were admitted to the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) where their condition was stated to be serious, sources said. Dhanarua SHO Pramod Kumar Rai said that all the deceased have been identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724700", "title": "Helipad being readied for guv's copter to land", "text": "Kanpur: Preparations are on for the 13th convocation of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology scheduled to be held on February 3.The campus is being given a fresh look. The university is getting ready to welcome governor BL Joshi. A helipad is being made at the CSA ground where the helicopter of the governor would land.Padamshree AM Mahadevappa, director, JSS Rural Development Foundation, Mysore and former VC of Dharwad Agriculture University would be chief guest.CSA University vice-chancellor GC Tewari told newspersons on Wednesday that Mahadevappa is famous as a rice breeder as he had developed several varieties of rice in the country. He contributions are valuable in promotion of agriculture education and research.Tewari said that 491 students would be given degrees, out of which 18 would be getting PhD degrees.A total of 95 degrees in MSc agriculture, 16 in MSc home science, 22 in MBA agri-business, 109 in BSc agriculture honours, 29 in BSc forestry, 11 in horticulture, 30 in BSc home science honours and 161 in BTech course would be awarded.Tewari said that 11 students would get Chancellor's Gold Medal. Seven other gold medals will also be given to the students. A total of 11 students would be getting University's Silver medal. As many as 11 students would get University's Bronze medal. A total of 22 students would be awarded for securing highest marks in their respective courses.Tewari pointed out that the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board has placed CSA University among the top 10 agriculture universities in the country. Students from countries like Afghanistan, Rwanda and Zimbabwe have been nominated by the government for studying in CSA University.He added that 111 students were recruited in the campus recruitment drive.CSA spokesman Naushad Khan highlighted the achievements of the university in developing different types of mustard, linseed etc.The university has got 12 varieties of wheat, nine varieties of pulses and five varieties of mustard registered under Plant Variety Protection and Farmers Right Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719961", "title": "Shilparamam night bazaar not in sight yet", "text": "HYDERABAD: A week after its inauguration with much fanfare, shops at the Shilparamam night bazaar are still to open shutters. City residents who flocked the venue throughout the week to experience the excitement of night shopping were left disappointed as they were not informed of the delay in the opening.While chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy formally opened the bazaar on January 19, it has remained closed for public all through the last week and it is expected to remain so till February third week. Shilparamam officials said that while the stalls had already been allotted to vendors, furnishing work was still on. What is more, officials are waiting for permission for running the bazaar from fire and police departments.\"We have completed all construction related work and given charge of the stalls to the entrepreneurs. The vendors want some more time to open shop. They are busy with furnishings the interiors. Since they have invested a good amount in getting the space, they are working towards giving it a good look,\" said G N Rao, officer on special duty, Shilparamam. Presently about 70% of the stalls have been allotted.Rao said that the bazaar may tentatively open for public around February 15 since some paper work too remained to be done. \"We are expecting to get permissions from fire, police and other departments soon to keep the bazaar open till 3 am,\" Rao said. When asked why the bazaar was inaugurated in spite of the expected delay, officials simply said, \"We did not want the public to see the unfinished stalls.\" \"Visitors are streaming in from late evening till midnight. We have to explain to them that the bazaar is not yet functional,\" said a security guard at the bazaar.The Shilparamam night bazaar project has been a star-crossed one from the time it was initiated in 2006 with a stone laying ceremony. Initially, the budget allocated for the night bazaar was around Rs 11 crore but it has cost almost Rs 25 crore and taken five years to wrap up the project. Inauguration of the bazaar was also deferred several times.According to the initial plan, the first phase of the night bazaar consisting of Adhunik (modern) and Sultanate themes, followed by the second phase consisting of Vedic and Azma (stone age) which was later changed. Also the initial plan of setting up of 250 stalls was changed and their number was cut down to 110.The night bazaar is spread over three acres with 1.6 l sq ft allotted for garden area. The parking area can accommodate about 400 cars and a large number of two wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724481", "title": "I missed being on screen: Nayanthara", "text": "Nayanthara is recuperating in Kochi before she makes her comeback to films.An actor will always miss shooting when he or she stops to take a break. \"I did miss it, too. I had been going through a difficult phase. But now, I am all set for a comeback,\" says actress Nayanthara, who is gearing up to return to the big screen post her break-up with actor-director-choreographer Prabhu Deva.\"I will begin with a Telugu film opposite actor Nagarjuna. It's a romantic entertainer that will be shot mostly in Hyderabad and the US,\" says the actress, who is taking a much-needed break at her home in Kochi that overlooks the backwaters.Nayanthara is currently in talks for projects across all the southern film industries. \"The Tamil industry is where I achieved stardom. The Telugu industry just took it a step further. I have been part of one Kannada film so far and was impressed with the high level of technology that was used,\" she says. The actress is obviously out on a mission of sorts, and has decided to stay far away from anything remotely concerned with love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724237", "title": "NE handicraft exhibition in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: The North Eastern Handicrafts and Handloom Development Corporation Ltd (NEHHDC) has organized a 10-day exhibition of northeastern handicrafts and handloom at Nedfi haat near Ambari. The exhibition, which will end on February 7, is being sponsored by the office of the development commissioner (handicraft), ministry of textile and co-sponsored by the ministry of DoNER.Around 35 artisans and weavers and several self-help groups from different parts of the Northeast have participated in the event, where a special live demonstration of craft has also been organised.Swapna Bora, a stall owner from Tezpur said, \"I have a huge collection of mekhla chador in cotton, eri and paat as it is very popular in Bengaluru and Delhi. These fabrics have always been popular amongst all age groups here.\"She added, \"Weaving has been a traditional practice in rural NE households and though the designs and textiles have found many takers, the artisans and craftsmen have never been brought into the limelight. But through this fair, we are getting a chance to come forward and exhibit our work.\"Pubali Deka, another stall owner said, \"I think such fairs should be held more often as we are receiving great feedback from the customers.\"Jagdish Borah, managing director of NEHHDC said, \"The artisans of this region are immensely talented and this is evident from the various fairs organized in the different metros.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11721183", "title": "Sopte fans celebrate Congress ticket before it's declared", "text": "MAPUSA: In an unpredictable move, Congress ticket -aspirant Dayanand Sopte's supporters took out a celebratory rally on Tuesday night even before the official announcement of the Congress candidature list. Around 100 people on motorcycles rallied in Mandrem in jubilation of the Sopte's \"Congress ticket.\" Sopte himself was not present. Yet, the revellers burst crackers and shouted slogans in support of Sopte. The rally began in Parsem and ended in Keri.\"I was in Panaji, I received two calls from senior leaders in Delhi who look after Goa matters, confirming that the ticket is allotted to me. I passed the message on to two of my supporters, and they just could not stop themselves,\" Sopte said.\" The ticket is 100 % confirmed to me, the official announcement will be on 3rd of February,\" Sopte said, speaking to TOI.\"I am in talks with Sangeeta Parab and Ramakant Khalap, I am sure that they will support me in the elections,\" Sopte said.\"I will try to seek the support of Babi Bagkar and Sameer Salgaoncar too, I will personally meet them\", he added. However, Bagkar wasn't charitable when TOI contacted him. \"Sopte's act is childish behaviour, I think the recently-imported BJP man doesn't understand the ethics of the congress party,\" the Congress ticket aspirant and GPCC General Secretary Babi Bagkar.\"Just an assurance by those who brought him in the Congress is not enough. I don't think Sopte has seen the face of madam or has met any of our senior leaders,\" Bagkar added.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11721100", "title": "Locals resist child marriage, threatened", "text": "MALDA: While in the recent past, a couple of Malda girls were rewarded for their courage to thwart their marriages, a Class-VI student was forcefully married off by her parents on January 27, despite resistance from a group of villagers. The protesters were also threatened with dire consequences by the girl's family lest they tried stalling the marriage.On Tuesday, the protesters submitted a deputation to the Malda SP asking him to take action against the guardians under the section of prevention of child marriage. Police are yet to trace the girl.Doli Khatun, 11, of Harinkhol village, was compelled to get married by her father Mujibur Rahman . When the local Babupur MC Saha Jr High School.When the news reached the local club, youths from Deshopremi club and library tried hard to convince the girl's parents but in vain. They, thus, went on and sought help from the district Child Helpline.When the helpline team reached the village, they found nobody at the girl's home. They got in touch with the girl's uncle Bablu Rahman who assured them against the marriage. However, the wedding preparations continued under wraps. The local youths went to Ratua Police Station regarding this on 25th January.On the day of marriage, some youths informed the police. Unfortunately, police reached the house after the girl had left for her in-laws' place.Worse still, no sooner the wedding was over than the family and their associates started threatening the youths. The villagers have divided into two sharp groups centering this marriage.On Tuesday, a group of villagers, including gram panchayat members Ejabul Haque, Shariyat Ali and Jiratul Hoque, submitted a deputation to the superintendent of Malda Police. \"We are suffering from a sense of insecurity as Mujibur, Bablu and others have threatened us. They had warned us with arms when we went to convince them against the marriage,\" said Shariyat Ali.Bablu when contacted denied of the marriage and claimed that the girl was at home. But police were not able to find the girl. Ejabul claimed, \"The girl was married on the very day as was scheduled and we were just threatened out of the house when we went to protest.\"Police superintendent Jayanta Pal said, \"Police went to the girl's house but could not find her. The probe is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11723459", "title": "Traders, book sellers stage chakka jam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding immediate arrest of students involved in the attack and beating up of a bookseller and his brothers on University road on Tuesday evening, angry traders and booksellers under the banner of Katra Vyapar Mandal and Pustak Vikreta Sangh staged a chakka jam at University road crossing on Wednesday.They raised slogans against the district administration and demanded security for booksellers in the wake of growing attack on them by students. Leading the agitation, local corporator, Anand Ghildiyal said that \"Some anti-social elements residing along with students are indulging in incidents of harassment and assault on local businessmen. This would not be allowed at any cost and action should be initiated against the guilty persons.On receiving information, SP, City and ACM II reached the spot and pacified angry traders. They promised to ensure the arrest of guilty students after consulting the proctorial board of Allahabad University and agreed to provide security to local traders at University road and adjoining areas. On their part the traders handed over a complaint containing the list of students involved in the attack, said Ghildiyal.It may be recalled that some students had assaulted a bookseller in University road, Sushil Mishra and his brothers on Tuesday evening after he refused to return a question answer series booklet purchased by the students on the plea that seal on the top of the booklet has been broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724204", "title": "Sonal Mansingh to perform in city today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Noted Odissi danseuse maestro Sonal Mansingh will be performing in the city on Thursday at a cultural programme organised by the Assam Tourism Development Corporation and the directorate of cultural affairs, Assam.Mansingh will perform some of her famous dance renditions, which encompass characters from immortal epics like the Ramayana and the Mahabharata in the programme. The noted danseuse is expected to perform with her dance entourage in the event, which is expected to run for an hour and a half.\"We are very honoured to invite Sonal Mansingh, the reputed award-winning danseuse. She is not only famous in our country but equally respected and adored internationally as well. She is touring some of the places in Assam and Guwahati is one of the few places where she will be performing. Through this cultural programme, we are trying to spread the various graceful and meaningful aspects of Indian dance forms, and we hope that we will be able to give some exposure to the students of Odissi dance in the city through this programme as they can learn from the maestro herself,\" Madhurima Baruah Sen, an official of the directorate of cultural affairs, Assam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11661278", "title": "Deepika Padukone-Sidhartha call it quits?", "text": "The two-year-old relationship shows serious signs of wear and tear. According to insiders, this time it may be beyond repairIt's been a while since the star and her billionaire boyfriend kissed in a stadium or made a 'couple entry' at Arpita Khan's party. It has also been a while since they were spotted at a private dinner at a mid-town restaurant. Jog your memory some more, and you will also recall the two making an appearance at a party, where Deepika's former flame seemed to get along famously with Sidhartha.We saw the happy pictures. We read about the so-called bonhomie and the pleasantries exchanged and we wanted to believe that the couple have matured. What the pictures did not tell us was the true story of simmering tension between Deepika and Sidhartha.What was so far in the realm of speculation, gained credence when Sidhartha was conspicuous by his absence at Deepika's apartment on his birthday earlier this month. Significantly, when Mallya Junior ushered in the New Year with a big bash, Deepika was not by his side either. For a couple so visible in each other's company and apparently endorsed by their mutual families, this was rather strange indeed.A source closed to the star, spilled the beans on the strained relationship. \"Since August 2010, they have made several appearances together. But if you recall, they have been strangely cold and aloof while talking about their relationship. But all of us wanted to believe that they were headed for something stronger when Sidhartha dined with Deepika's family.\"But trouble was only a film deal away. Insiders reveal, fissures had been there but depeened when Deepika signed a project with Ranbir Kapoor. And while the actress has maintained a rather dignified poise with her ex, there have been reports about how Ranbir has been sending her grand gifts as a mark of their new-found friendship.According to a few common friends, Sidhartha has confided to some of his close pals that \"the relationship is not working and heading nowhere.\" In fact, as Mirror has learnt, Deepika and Sidhartha have not even been in touch with each other for a while now.Will this two-year-old high-profile relationship survive this phase? Deepika's friend, who has known her for years says, \"She is putting up a brave front, focusing on her work and hoping for the best.\" The source is however quick to add that it may be \"a lost cause.\"Despite repeated attempts, Deepika refused to comment. But her PR managers reverted, not denying the story, but requesting us to hold on to it for a few days. Maybe a lot will have changed by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724906", "title": "Kashmera Shah counts her benefits after Delhi robbery!", "text": "The hoity-toity Kashmera Shah is a happy girl once again! Her belongings, including her handbag and credit cards were stolen from her car while she was shooting for Channel [V]'s show Steal Ur Girlfriend in Delhi last week. But now, the channel and the show's production house Random Productions, has gifted her a brand new bright red DKNY handbag.\"They felt bad that the robbery took place outside their office and also the fact that I had not complained about it to them at all,\" said Kashmera. \"In fact, I spent an hour blocking my credit cards and the moment the last one was blocked, I smiled and said 'let's shoot'.\"\"The production guys thought I would remain upset the whole day, but when they saw me shooting with a smile, they decided to compensate a bit for my loss,\" she adds, delighted at their thoughtful gesture.But one thing Kash still regrets about the robbery, is losing a precious ring that her boyfriend Krushna had gifted her. \"That's one thing which pained me a lot,\" she rues. But Krushna being her knight in shining armour, has promised to buy her a better one this Valentines. No wonder, Kash is on cloud nine, and can't stop counting her benefits from the robbery!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722578", "title": "Women writers debate femininity", "text": "KOCHI: \"How does femininity matter to you?\" This was the question raised at the literary debate on 'varied dimensions of feminity' organized as part of the 14th International DC Book Fair on Wednesday. And women writers, some of whom courted controversy through their writing, came out with their own versions on one of the most discussed literary topics in Kerala.Sister Jesmi, who blew the whistle on the sexual abuse nuns face in convents with her book, 'Amen', said that to make the most of femininity women should know how to blow the ember in her to fire, and not to ash. \"There is an element of femininity in every man and masculinity in every woman. If we learn how to make the best of it, that would be really beneficial to all,\" she said.Unnikrishnan Avala, whose book, 'Vipareetham' tells the story of Raju, a tribal who cannot live as a man because of a strange phenomenon - he has a uterus, was another speaker.\"For Raju, life is not a question of femininity or masculity, it is a fight for survival,\" said Unnikrishnan. Thanuja S Bhattathiri, Dr Khadheeja Mumthaz, and Rosy Thampi also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724801", "title": "A musical night at Underground, The HHI", "text": "Revellers had a whale of a time Underground, The HHI, on a recent Saturday night as DJs Anshul and Felix played some rocking tunes on the turntable.We spotted girl duo Sharmistha and Lili having a good time at the club.Kudos to the former for rocking the sheer top - a trend already ruling global ramps this year.Gang of friends and couples alike, there was not a face in the club that night that didn't look happy!While Hassan-Alice and Palak-Kalyani made for pretty pictures as couples, Vinit, Ankita and Navdha and Lilesh, Prabha, Darshana and Nikhil happily posed for our lensman showing off their party spirit!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11724442", "title": "SC refuses to ask CBI to probe role of Chidambaram in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today left it to the trial court to decide on the demand for investigation of the alleged role of Home Minister P Chidambaram into the 2G spectrum allocation scam but refused to give direction to CBI on the issue.Disposing of the petitions filed by Subramainan Swamy seeking a direction to the CBI to probe the alleged role of Chidambaram, a bench comprising justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said that its order should no way influence the proceedings before the trial court.The apex court said that the trial court should decide the matter within two weeks.Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is hearing a separate petition of Swamy to prosecute Chidambaram, has already reserved his order for February 4.Swamy had contended that Chidambaram as finance minister had a role in fixation of prices of the licenses and in the dilution of shares by the telecom firms to two foreign companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724864", "title": "Urvashi Dholakia is no longer the vamp!", "text": "Actor Urvashi Dholakia gained fame as the vamp Komolika. Now, after a break of nearly three - four years, the cunning Komolika is back in Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhavo.Urvashi will be seen playing a positive character for the first time where she is introduced at a critical juncture of the show to treat the male protagonist Viraj played by Karanvir Bohra who suffers from a childhood mental disorder. Urvashi admits that she was skeptical about playing a positive character, saying, \"\"Yes, I have shot for the show and it was a great experience to be associated with it. Co-incidentally my character name in the show is Komolika and that makes me more nostalgic.\"Urvashi is a psychiatrist who knows Viraj inside out. Her look has been designed like her Komolika look and she will also be called Dr. Komolika Rana. Initially, she's apprehensive about sharing details of her patient with dadi. She thinks it's unethical but agrees eventually when dadi says that Jahnvi is stuck in a nightmarish marriage with him and is pregnant with his baby.Urvashi Dholakia says that she had never expected Komolika to come back and haunt her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11718929", "title": "Home ministry plans school to train spies, cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of the Centre's attempt to strengthen security infrastructure and equip personnel with sophisticated gear, the home ministry has approved several proposals for paramilitary forces, ranging from setting up a 'detective training school' to procuring huge numbers of high-tech 'radio sets'. It also plans to buy and wet-lease helicopters for internal security duties.A school to train spies - Central Detective Training School (CDTS) - will be set up in Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh by the home ministry's Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D;). \"The ministry has already released Rs 2.18 crore to BPR&D; for acquisition of 8.37 acres of land for establishment of the school,\" a senior official said.Besides officials of central armed police forces (CAPF) and Intelligence Bureau (IB), police personnel from states and Union Territories will also get training in the school which is likely to start functioning next year.The home ministry had earlier sanctioned Rs 61.98 crore to Border Security Force (BSF) for procurement of 16,791 digital VHF/UHF hand-held radio sets and Rs 29.49 crore to CRPF for procurement of 25 remote controlled improvised explosive device jammers.Home minister P Chidambaram, while presenting his ministry's monthly report card on Tuesday, had said these devices would be used by CRPF for \"road opening party duties in Jammu and Kashmir\". He said Rs 424.19 crore was released to various states in January under the modernization of police forces scheme.Besides these, the ministry is planning to buy and wet-lease choppers as the entire fleet of indigenous Dhruv helicopters - maintained by BSF -- has been grounded following a series of mishaps in the past couple of years. These helicopters will be used to assist forces engaged in internal security duties, including anti-Naxal operations for 'non-combatant' jobs like ferrying injured personnel and transporting essential goods.Chidambaram said the Mi-17 helicopters of Indian Air Force will help the paramilitary and state police forces do their job till alternative arrangements were made.\"Mi-17 helicopters are functional. It is the Dhruv helicopters which were grounded. One of them crashed... so I immediately directed remaining (fleet) should be grounded,\" he said, adding he had authorized wet leasing of some helicopters and was also looking to buy some more choppers for use by the security forces.\"This is a long-term project for which money must be made available. And I sincerely hope that money will be made available,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "11719937", "title": "Wife held for man's murder", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Five persons, including a woman and the son of a Congress leader who is contesting the civic polls in Ulhasnagar, have been arrested on Wednesday in connection with the murder of a residentKrishnachandra Mishra,34.The victim, Krishnachandra Mishra (34), was found murdered on Monday in Ambernath. The five persons arrested for the killing were identified as Priti Mishra (25), Jishan Shaikh (22), Damodar Adalke (24), Jaysingh Mudliyar (25) and Akshay Gaikwad (20)- all are residents of Ulhasnagar.The victim's wife Priti wanted to marry her lover, Shaikh. She paid Rs 80,000 to Mudliyar and Akshay to kill Krishnachandra. The couple had been married for over a decade and also have a daughter, the police said.According to the police, after the marriage Krishnachand would allegedly assault Priti over trivial matters. Soon, Priti started a relationship with Shaikh, who was Krishnachand's friend and stayed in same area, the police said.\"Last Friday, Adalke, Mudliyar and Gaikwad called Krishnachand to a bar in Ulhasnagar,\" said Machindra Chavan, senior inspector of the Ulhasnagar crime branch. \"After consuming liquor, they took the victim to Ambernath where Gaikwad and Mudliyar stabbed Krishnachand to death and dumped his body,\" he added.Police said to misguide the investigators on last Friday even Priti filed her husband's missing complaint with Central police station in Ulhasnagar alleging his husband not return from the work.The police have also found that to pay supari amount Priti sold his all the ornaments to a jeweller in the area. The police have booked all the accused under murder charges and further probe is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721338", "title": "Coppersmiths throng Van for Rathasapthami", "text": "A crowd of devotees, mainly coppersmiths (kasars), thronged the temple of Mahamaya Kalika in Van village- situated 3km away from Bicholim town-to celebrate Rathasapthami on Wednesday.The festival falls on the seventh day (saptami) in the bright half of the Hindu month Maagha. It is symbolically represented in the form of the sun God Surya turning his ratha (chariot) drawn by seven horses (representing seven colours) towards the northern hemisphere.On the day of Rathasapthami, the festival deity is put into a palanquin and taken out in a procession. At night, folk artists make a presentation of the folk drama depicting the noble deeds of goddess Mahamaya Kalika.Prabhakar Tivrekar, 77, from Khorlim, Mapusa, says, \"Us devotees have been celebrating the festival of Rathasapthami at the Mahamaya Kalika temple since 1975.\"Laxman B Yende, 75, from Van says, \"In the past, we used to visit the Mahamaya Kalika temple at Borduvu near Kankavali of Maharashtra. For the last 37 years, we have begun celebrating Rathasapthami at Van.\"Van originally means forested village. Balkrishna and Bhikaji Kasar donated 1,690sq m of land at Ghar Bhatle in Van and the temple of Mahamaya Kalika was built. The copperplate of Nagadeva dated 1352 AD found at Mapusa makes a reference to the coppersmiths from Goa.The coppersmiths, who used to make utensils of copper and lamps of brass and bronze, had begun making them of glass bangles due to a shortage of a regular supply of copper ore which has been coming from the mines of Narasingpur, Ahmednagar, Bijapur and Dharwad, ever since the fall of the Bahmani empire in the 15th century. The coppersmith community from Bori, Keri of Ponda, Ibrampur, Hankhane of Pernem, Mapusa of Bardez, Morlem of Sattari, Aai of Dodamarg in Maharashtra take part in the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11722216", "title": "Assange takes extradition fight to UK top court", "text": "LONDON: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has asked the British supreme court whether the prosecutor, who issued an arrest warrant against him in connection with alleged sex offences in Sweden, had the judicial authority to do so under provisions of Britain's 2003 Extradition Act.Assange is suspected of raping one woman and \"sexually molesting and coercing\" another in Stockholm in August 2010 and is wanted there for questioning. Founder of whistle-blowing website that has embarrassed several governments with disclosures of confidential cables denies the charges. He is likely to be deported to Sweden within 10 days if he loses his appeal.Assange's lawyer, Dinah Rose, said it was \"a matter of fundamental legal principle\" that the person issuing an arrest warrant should be both independent and impartial. She argued the Swedish prosecutor was an interested party in the Assange case.\"Since the Swedish prosecutor cannot fulfill those conditions , she is not a judicial authority and not capable of issuing a warrant for the purposes of the 2003 Act,\" she said. \"The arrest warrant itself was therefore invalid.''The prosecution lawyer maintained that in Sweden - as in other European countries - prosecutors play a judicial or semi-judicial role. Rose replied, saying a prosecutor \"does not and cannot as a matter of principle, exercise judicial authority.\"Assange, who remains on conditional bail in the UK, claims the allegations against him are politically motivated and that he may be whisked away to the US to face prosecution there and a possible life sentence.Last year, the London high court rejected his plea against extradition. But it admitted Assange had raised a legal point \"of general public importance\" and permitted him to appeal to the SC. The sevenmember bench will decide whether \"a prosecutor is a judicial authority\".Legal experts say it would amount to a major departure from past practice if the supreme court blocks Assange's extradition. Assange is yet to be charged. However, in the event he is convicted, he could face anything from fines to six years imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721417", "title": "South Goa SP gives updates on cases", "text": "MARGAO: An additional offense was registered against the stone quarry owner in relation to the Barcem quarry tragedy that saw three local workers being buried alive in a landslide.When TOI contacted South Goa superintendent of police Arvind Gawas on Wednesday, he said that offenses under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) had been registered against the owner Prabhakar Purso Purso Velip for gross negligence. The Cuncolim police had earlier booked Velip under Section 304 (A) of the IPC for the incident that took place on January 17.When asked about the progress in connection with the Per-Seraulim murder case, Gawas said that the police had collected sufficient leads and had identified two suspects. Seventy-two-year- old resident Constancio Menino D'Silva, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his residence on January 22.Speaking on the incident that took place on January 30, where a a 'ghumti' (roadside religious structure) was damaged at Malbhat, Margao, Gawas said that the police were looking into various possibilities such as the structure itself being weak , if it was hit by a moving vehicle or if it was desecrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721654", "title": "9 high-rises face demolition", "text": "PATNA: Even as a total of nine under-construction high-rise buildings on the bank of Ganga are likely to face demolition by the PMC, the civic body is also engaged in identifying other multistoried buildings which are being constructed in violation of apartment laws in different parts of the cityPatna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner Pankaj K Pal, who has personally visited the sites of the buildings, told TOI on Wednesday: \"I have visited the sites of under-construction buildings located from Kurji to Dujra. The soil is predominantly sandy. It is not solid enough to support high-rises. Thus all the buildings are susceptible to collapse.\"The PMC had received complaints about the alleged shoddy constructions on the northern bank of Ganga a couple of days back.Pal has constituted an inquiry committee of engineers and vigilance officials to look into the alleged irregularities in construction. \"The team has been asked to submit report within a month. If the team's findings corroborate our concerns, we will go ahead to demolish the buildings,\" he told TOI.In the meantime, a ban has been imposed on any further construction at these buildings. These high-rises are Minakchi Apartment, Badri Villa Apartment and Dujra Marine Drive, all at Dujra; G M Tower, Braj Nandan Apartment, River Side and Eagal Apartment at Rajapur; and Royal Residency and Saraswati Chandra Complex at Mainpura.According to the copy of a document available with TOI, five out of these nine high-rises do not have any drainage connection at all.The PMC inquiry team has been asked to verify strength of the land, proper drainage system, firefighting and anti-earthquake mechanisms, and other dimensions of structural safety.Clearance for construction of these apartments was given around four years ago. Now, PMC officials of the planning wing, engineers and architects responsible for giving clearance and okaying maps of these buildings are also facing action.\"The officials concerned have been asked to explain their stand immediately. If their replies are not found convincing, action will be taken against them as per the Bihar Municipal Act 2007,\" a senior PMC official told TOI.He said that as per the law, architects have to file regular progress report of the buildings which are under construction to the PMC. \"In the case of riverfront buildings, no progress report has been submitted to us,\" said an official.Meanwhile, PMC is also on the job to identify other high-rises which are being constructed in violation of apartment laws in different parts of the city. \"I have come to know that several such constructions are underway in the city. Though we will not disclose localities of such sites, we are on the job to identify them,\" the commissioner told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721098", "title": "Too many sideways killing speedway", "text": "GURGAON: The traffic congestion on the already overburdened Delhi-Gurgaon expressway is likely to get worse in the next few years as both Delhi and Haryana governments are demanding for more link roads on the 28km stretch. Experts, however, suggest that the expressway already has too many access points, leading to slow vehicular movement and pileups.\"The whole point of an expressway is to provide quick passage to vehicles. But the demand for more and more link roads has gone up ever since the project was launched,\" said a senior NHAI official. Since Dahula Kuan-Kherki Dhaula stretch was planned as an access controlled highway, the main objective was to provide minimum diversions and accesses for better traffic movement.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has estimated that at least three more access points will be demanded in the near future - one at Rajokari toll plaza on Delhi side and the other two with Northern Peripheral Road (NPR) and Southern Peripheral Road (SPR) near Kherki Dhaula toll plaza.The Haryana government's intent to connect two peripheral roads on the expressway near the toll plaza has already become a point of contention between the state and the ministry of Road Transport and Highways. The central ministry has opposed Haryana's proposal saying that people who would take the peripheral roads - solely built by the government - would be forced to pay toll for using very little of expressway. The NHAI has also raised concern that opening of two major roads just before the toll plaza would lead to a greater chaos.\"It's already tough to manage the traffic at Kherki Dhaula toll plaza. How can we expect situations to improve when we allow more traffic from Dwarka, Mehrauli and Faridabad side to hit the expressway?\" asked an NHAI official. He added that in the next rounds of meeting between the highways secretary and Haryana chief secretary, this issue would be discussed. The NHAI is likely to propose that if the state government does not modify its plan to link both the peripheral roads with NH-8, then it should build an elevated stretch to connect these two roads.\"We won't allow direct access, which will deteriorate the performance of expressway,\" said a top NHAI functionary. With a decision likely on the financing of underpass at Hero Honda Chowk, one more access may be provided at the crossing. On Delhi side, at least two access point demands are already pending - northern underpass for international airport and connectivity of the airport to Vasant Kunj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11725881", "title": "Mathematics quiz for SSLC students", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnataka State Mathematics Council in association with Karnatak Bal Vikas Academy will organize a divisional-level mathematics quiz competition for SSLC students in Belgaum revenue region in Alur Venkatrao Bhavan in Dharwad on Friday from 10 am.According to president of the council, MS Mannigeri, the competition would cover mathematics syllabus of Class VIII, IX and X. SSLC students from Dharwad, Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Gadag and Haveri districts are eligible to participate in the quiz competition.A question paper having 50 questions will be given to the participants and they have to solve the questions in 90 minutes. After the written test, 10 students will be selected for the viva voce round.Cash prizes of Rs 3,000, Rs 2,000 and Rs 1,000 will be given for the winner, first runner-up and second runner-up respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722555", "title": "HC wants scrutiny of caste certs", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay high court has directed the state election commission to ensure all caste validity certificates submitted by candidates are issued in accordance with all norms. This is leading to a delay in scrutiny of nominations, and the SEC has extended the last date of withdrawing forms to February 4.The strict scrutiny may end up disqualifying many of the 456 aspirants of SC and OBC category who have filed nomination forms for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections on February 16.Sources said that as many as 755 candidates from SC, ST and OBC categories had submitted their nomination forms for 75 reserved seats, which include 38 for OBC category, 23 for SC and 14 for ST, for the ensuing civic polls.A senior officer from NMC confirmed the news and said that the state election commission has asked the NMC election officer to submit a detailed report on candidates who have submitted SC and OBC caste certificates along with their nomination forms. The decision has been taken after the Bombay high court's directives.On January 31, while hearing a writ petition, the Bombay high court directed the Maharashtra government to produce the figures of applications received from every district and number of validity certificates issued by the concerned district committees constituted as per notification of July 30, 2011.Justice AM Khanwilkar also asked for break up of persons securing such validity certificates and filing their nomination forms in the elections for local self governments. The information to be furnished by the state should also disclose the time span within which the scrutiny committee issued the validity certificate (for example, number of validity certificates issued on the same day or otherwise).However, in Nagpur, as many as 755 candidates from different reserved categories have filed their nomination forms, of which 460 hailing from SC and OBC categories have procured caste validity certificates from district scrutiny committee.The NMC officer said that 456 caste validity certificates were issued by the district committees constituted as per notification of July 30, 2011. While four caste validity certificates were found to be valid as they were issued following all norms, confirmed the officer.The NMC's election department has already sent details of all 755 candidates to the state election commission, he added. \"The SEC will take decision on 456 SC/OBC candidates on February 2 and NMC will follow their directives,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, the SEC's directive to scrutinize nomination forms has created confusion among candidates across the city. Earlier, as per directives from SEC, a notice has been displayed announcing that the scrutiny of forms will be carried out on February 2. However, SEC then directed returning officers to start scrutiny from 3pm on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725070", "title": "Waiting for Leelai - Shiv Pandit", "text": "That's exactly what's running in the mind of Shiv Pandit, who's playing the lead, along with Mansi, in the film, directed by debutant Andrew Vasanth Louis.The film, which has music by Satish Chakravarthy, has been in production for the past three years, and the latest buzz was that the flick would hit screens on January 26. However, there's been no word on it till now. Now, sources say the makers are looking at releasing the film in a week's time.Shiv, who debuted in Bollywood with Bejoy Nambiar's Shaitaan, says, \"I'm not at liberty to reveal the release date of the film, but an official announcement will be made soon. Despite the delay, I'm sure the film will strike a chord with the audience. It's a fresh romantic subject, and I can't wait for the audience to see it. Meanwhile, I'm looking at a few other scripts here, and will be signing a few.\"Shiv is also excited that Shaitaan has been nominated for a few awards in Bollywood. \"It feels great when a film that you are part of wins laurels in the industry,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721336", "title": "HRD ministry mulling Centre for Policy Research in Higher Education", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acknowledging that research on various aspects of higher education is limited in India, the HRD ministry has proposed the setting up of a Centre for Policy Research in Higher Education (CPRHE).CPRHE would be an independent autonomous research organization to be registered under the Societies' Act, but fully and liberally funded by the Central government or the University Grants Commission (UGC). It would be headed by an eminent scholar, and will consist of inter-disciplinary-oriented faculty of about 10 members, drawn from areas such as economics, sociology, philosophy, history, political science and public administration.The proposal comes in the wake of a large-scale transformation that is expected in the higher education sector in the coming years. \"Building a strong, vibrant and sustainable higher education edifice that makes a significant contribution to the national development, requires deep knowledge of the system, how it evolved over the years,\" the concept note says, adding that present research in higher education has been lacklustre and lopsided.CPRHE's mission is to become a \"knowledge warehouse and a cutting-edge centre of research on higher education policy\". Its main objective would be to promote excellence in higher education, ensuring improved access, equity and quality. The Centre would be an inter-disciplinary research unit, but would limit itself to policy, planning and development aspects of higher education.CPHRE would cover higher education policy analysis, improvement of governance of higher education, dissemination of comprehensive information base and bring out quality publications. It would focus on all kinds of higher education - arts, science, technical and professional. The Centre would also extend support to and promote policy research in higher education by instituting short/medium term visiting fellowship programme and also by giving financial support. It would have tie-ups with national and international organizations.The Centre is expected to be valuable for the academic community, the policymakers and the society at large in providing deeper understanding on the complexities and challenges that the higher education system faces, and on the reforms required to tide over the inadequacies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720482", "title": "Scrutiny of forms extended to Thursday", "text": "PUNE: The scrutiny of nomination forms for the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) election was extended by another day and is now expected to be completed on Thursday.\"The process of scrutinizing the nomination forms started on Wednesday, but due to legal technicalities about forms with attached caste certificates and caste validity certificates, an extension of a day has been given,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer for PMC, told reporters on Wednesday.Ashtikar said that scrutiny of other forms that did not require caste certificates and caste validity certificates, was carried out on Wednesday.Civic sources said that there were about 800 forms that had caste certificates and caste validity certificates which will have to be scrutinized on Thursday.Sources said that as on Wednesday, two candidates - other than those needing caste certificates__ face disqualification as they had not filled the forms correctly.On the number of forms scrutinized or disqualification of members, Ashtikar said, \"Returning officers at different ward offices are working on it. The process has to be completed, only then will data be collected and the final figure made available,\" he said.A total of 3,558 forms have been submitted since the process of filing nomination started on January 24. Over 8,000 forms were sold. As many as 2,492 nomination forms were submitted on Tuesday, the last day. The sale and submission of forms was done at 14 ward offices.The scrutiny of the forms was expected to be completed on Wednesday and invalid forms will mean disqualification of aspirants. The process of withdrawal of nominations will begin after scrutiny. The forms can be withdrawn till February 3, after which the final candidates' list will be declared.Candidates have to submit the deposit amount along with the forms. Open category candidates have to pay Rs 5,000, while women candidates and reserved category candidates have been given a 50 % discount and have to pay Rs 2,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722175", "title": "Before exams, city kids most stressed in India", "text": "MUMBAI: Examination fever is not an imaginary malaise. Around 78% of Mumbai's students who were part of a new all-India survey said that they get \"very tense'' during examinations and 75% of them feel physically sick before D-day.The survey, which was conducted by the Delhi-based Indian Medical Academy in five metros, comes just before the examination season kicks off in Mumbai. The HSC exams begin on February 21, the SSC exams on March 1. The survey, which basically maps a child's behaviour just before examinations, underlines the hype they enjoy in Indian families. \"Parents are more stressed than the children these days,\" said Jyotsna Roberts, principal of Oxford Public School, Kandivli. The feeling is that stress obviously rubs off on the children.The Indian Medical Academy's survey interviewed 625 students across five cities, finding out how many hours they studied before the exams and whether they de-stressed at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720737", "title": "Cops in Mumbai to search for missing 11-year-old girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Anandnagar policemen has left for Mumbai to hunt for little Vishwa Patel who went missing on January 27 while she was attending a marriage ceremony. Mumbai crime branch too has been roped in to help trace the 11-year-old girl.Anandnagar police visited Vishwa's house and asked all their neighbours and other members of their housing society to gather together for a meeting. The police spoke to all the members and urged them to help gather information. \"We have told all the members of the housing society that they can provide information even anonymously,\" said Anandnagar police.The city police also plan to watch the video of the marriage ceremony during which the girl went missing. \"We will watch the video along with other members of the housing society to identify strangers and unknown faces from among the crowd,\" said Anandnagar policeState human rights commission too has taken suo moto cognizance and has directed the city police to take necessary action.Vishwa, a resident of Mira Mangal flats in Vejalpur, went missing on Friday. The girl had gone to attend a wedding being held in the common plot of her flat. According to Anandnagar Police, Suresh Patel, the father of the girl has in his complaint stated that he had gone with his family for the wedding which was held in the premises of his flat. While the family was busy, 11-year-old Vishwa who was playing went missing. The family along with other members began searching, but they could not trace the girl.Finally Vishwa's family lodged a complaint with the Anandnagar police. Police said that even those who were present in the marriage venue do not recall when they last saw Vishwa. Her family had gone back to their flat after finishing lunch, but Vishwa was playing in the parking lot with her friends. When she did not return till late in the afternoon, her mother went to call Vishwa who she found was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720969", "title": "Newborn boy abandoned near Jayanagar Shopping Complex", "text": "BANGALORE: A newborn baby boy was found in an open carton in the parking lot of Jayanagar Shopping Complex on Wednesday morning.Deputy commissioner of police (south) Sonia Narang told TOI the little one, which appeared healthy, was found by BBMP garbage cleaners who immediately reported the matter to the police.Jayanagar police questioned an employee of a photocopying centre next to the parking lot who used to sleep in the shop at night. He said he didn't notice anyone dumping the carton.\"We took the baby to Vani Vilas Hospital for a check-up. We handed over the baby to Bosco Mane, an NGO caring for abandoned children. They have been entrusted with the baby's custody and welfare,\" she said. She added that a doctor has certified that the baby was healthy and was a couple of days old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724112", "title": "Ananat Mahdevan pays tribute to Sujit Sen", "text": "Screenwriter Sujit Sen, who died unsung in 2005, is the subject of a new biopic \" Staying Alive\" by actor-director Anant Mahadevan.\"It's the story of a journalist, played by me, who has had three heart attacks and is back in hospital where he encounters a gangster, played by Sourabh Shukla, in the next bed. These are incidents that actually happened in Sujit's life,\" Anant told IANS.\"It's sad that he's gone before 'Staying Alive' could be released. As a dear friend, I'd have liked to have it released before his death... Sujit Sen was like a father figure, brilliant but broken by the blitzkrieg of callousness in Bollywood.\"Apparently, the man who wrote Mahesh Bhatt's best films, including \"Arth\" and \"Saraansh\", never quite survived the break with the filmmaker.Anant shrugs off the Bhatt factor in the late screenwriter's life. \"I came close to him after his Bhatt phase. He wrote all my films in the last seven-eight years, including my directorial debut 'Dil Vil Pyar Vyar' and my unreleased 'Aksar'.\"\"He was a chartered accountant in Kolkata and came to Mumbai during the Naxalite movement in West Bengal. He eventually formed a creative coterie of screenwriters with Javed Siddiqui, Aakash Khurana and Robin Bhatt. Sujit Sen always wrote in English. He'd joke he was a Bengali who wrote in English for Hindi cinema.\"\"It was very difficult to adapt his lucid lines. The Hindi translations always appeared weak in comparison. He was very well read and had written several Bengali novels. The way he wrote his screenplays, they were almost like a book.\"\"He always spoke about the dirty dawn, the way a patient feels when he wakes up in hospital. He had lost hope at one time. He felt when I came into his life he started writing again. I don't know whether I motivated him. I just believed in him again when he was abandoned by his friends. He often said he wouldn't work just for money.\"Anant talks fondly of another almost forgotten stalwart. \"Hrishikesh Mukherjee once called me out of the blue and invited me to assist him. I ran to his home with Sujit Sen. Hrishida wanted to adapt a short story 'The Dressing Room', written by music composer Salil Chowdhary.\"\"Suddenly Hrishida came out of his bedroom into the living room. Sujit wanted to write a screenplay about a man who was motivated to make that walk all over again. This was the way he thought. He captured real-life feelings on paper.\"\"As a tribute to him, I intend to direct four or five of his scripts. Sujit Sen was very touched by my little tribute to him in 'Staying Alive'. Let me tell you, Sujit wasn't an easy character to play. I had to take pointers from him, for example, what happens when one gets a heart attack. No one clutches the heart, as shown in films. The feeling is as though someone is trying to strangle you. I brought in such details without making the film dull or pedantic.\"Sighs Anant, \"When Mukesh died Raj Kapoor said he lost voice. With Sujit Sen's demise, I've lost my pen. He was a father figure. His creativity and optimism always served as an antidote to the excesses of Bollywood. He was very encouraging.\"\"When the producers of my film 'Dil Maange More' stepped in to bring another writer, Sujit didn't mind at all. We used to meet at least three times a week. Frankly, there're no writers of his stature. He was arguably the best screenwriter we had. His generation of writers brought so much substance and values to writing. Today, technique has taken over screenwriting. There's such a drought of writers, I don't know where to look.\"Anant sounds disheartened to the core. \"Do people even know the kind of writing Sujit Sen did? In Broadway and Hollywood. the death of a writer is front page news. He changed my life and way of thinking. Hopefully my film 'Staying Alive' will keep his memory alive. This film is a homage to Sujit Sen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721328", "title": "'They have more serious approach towards democracy'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lauding the heartening development, of more women casting their votes than men in the Punjab assembly elections on January 30,Professor Rajesh Gill, who teaches sociology in the Panjab University, says, \"It's a heartening sign, especially since it is happening in a patriarchal society which had the dubious distinction of having lowest sex ratio 10 years ago.\"At a time, when sex ratio has improved marginally - Punjab now has the second lowest sex ratio after Haryana - Dr Gill reads a high political consciousness among women in this encouraging trend. \"It also indicates that they have more serious approach towards democracy than the casual approach which is prevalent in young males here,\" she adds.Many believe that some of this phenomenon could be attributed to discrimination or stifling environment towards women, which forces them to come out and \"change the system\". \"When women get fed up, say, due to liquor or drug menace, they would want to come out and seek justice and voting is the most powerful tool that they have,\" says the sociologist.More women going in for higher education is one of the reasons for growing political consciousness, feels Dr Pramod Kumar, director of Institute for Development and Communication (IDC). However, in immediate terms, the EC's role is also cited as a major reason for restoring confidence among women to come out and vote.\"EC's strict leash on liquor and terror was one reason which gave confidence to vulnerable sections of society to come out and vote,\" says Kumar.\"Terrorism, suppression, lawlessness, drunk and armed men roaming the streets are the main reasons why women do not come out to vote. The state environment has steadily improved on that account,\" says Dr Gill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11725339", "title": "One held for raping tribal woman", "text": "KEONJHAR: A 50-year-old man was arrested by Keonjhar police on Wednesday for allegedly raping a 25-year-old pregnant tribal woman. The man was identified as Maharag Giri of village Kasipal in Jhumpura police station area. The woman is eight months pregnant.\"The incident took place on January 21, but FIR was lodged on Tuesday. After medical examination, the accused was sent to court,\" said IIC (Jhumpura) Tilottama Mohanata.According to the complaint, the accused went to the house of the victim in Talahundula village on January 21 with some cakes, when her husband had gone outside. He identified himself as a friend of her husband, and raped her.After the incident, the husband of the victim allegedly drove her out of the house. The illiterate woman lodged a complaint with Jhumpura police on Tuseday, on the advice of village elderlies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720177", "title": "SAI corporator's son threatened", "text": "Two persons allegedly threatened Rahul Gangwani, the son of corporator Sunil Gangwani, with a revolver in Ulhasnagar on Tuesday evening. Sunil, a key member of the Secular Alliance of India (SAI), had faced a threat last month and had demanded police security. Sunil, who lodged a police complaint, said his son was passing by Gol Maidan by car when he was shown a revolver by two motorcyclists who were riding parallel.SAI president Sai Balram said, \"I am sure there is a criminal conspiracy to eliminate our party leaders.\" Dr Shivaji Rathod, deputy commissioner of police, Ulhasnagar zone, said they had received SAI's application for security for two leaders, and it has been forwarded to the Thane police chief for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721554", "title": "Contempt of court notice to Barh judge", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday issued a notice to the additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM), Barh and asked him why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against him for violating the high court's order in connection with the Pandarak murder case involving chief minister Nitish Kumar .The high court directed the ACJM to show cause under what circumstances he took cognisance against the CM and summoned him to the court even as the HC had stayed the proceedings in the case.ACJM Ranjan Kumar had issued the summons on September 1, 2009 for CM Kumar to appear on September 9, 2009 in connection with a petition alleging his involvement in the murder of Congress activist Sitaram Singh at a polling booth at Barh during the Lok Sabha elections in 1991. Kumar had won the election.HC's senior advocate Krishna Prasad Singh said the HC had on April 22, 2009 stayed the proceedings of the case on a petition filed by co-accused Yogendra Prasad Yadav. Even after the stay, the ACJM's court issued the summons to the CM following which the HC on September 8, 2009 stayed the cognisance taken by the ACJM against CM Kumar.The high court, on a petition filed by another accused, Devendra Yadav, on October 28, 2009 issued a show-cause notice to the ACJM. The ACJM even submitted his reply, advocate Singh said.A single bench of the high court, presided by Justice A K Tripathi, on Wednesday directed the ACJM to reply within two weeks why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against him for violating the high court order. The court has fixed the next date of the hearing in the case after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720173", "title": "High court raps govt for lack of fire fighting equipment at hospitals", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of high court pulled up the state government for running government hospitals without proper fire fighting equipment.A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) took up the issue on a PIL filed by one Shripal Jain.The petitioner approached the high court and cited the example of the mishap that took place in a well-known private hospital in Kolkata. It was contended by the petitioner that no government hospital has adequate arrangements for fire fighting and neither possess a no objection certificate from the chief fire officer, required to run a hospital.It was further argued that under the new Rajasthan Municipal Act, 2009, all hospitals which are over 15m tall must adopt fire fighting measures and have emergency fire exits. However, most government-run hospitals lack such provisions.The petitioner alleged that even the SMS hospital has not taken enough fire prevention measures and does not have a single fire extinguisher.The bench has asked the chief secretary, principal medical and health secretary and JMC commissioner to file their responses within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11723953", "title": "\u2018Game Over\u2019 for Deepika Padukone", "text": "Was the changed messenger profile a dead giveaway about her breakup?In fact, it was Deepika's changed status on her phone messenger that initially let the cat out of the bag. However, her choice of words did surprise a few of her friends. A source close to the actress while telling Mumbai Mirror about the story, wondered, \"We don't know why she chose to call her romance with Mr Mallya a game.\" Perhaps she was just reminded of Eva Gabor's quote?\"According to our source, Deepika though heartbroken wasn't as affected by the breakup as she was when her previous boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor and she had fallen apart. \"She was upset for a while. But after a day or two she changed her BlackBerry messeger status. However, by that time, everybody had come to know about the split,\" added our source.While Deepika was busy changing status messages and confiding in her friends about the breakup, Mallya Jr. was heard telling his close friends that 'the relationship is not working and heading nowhere'.Despite repeated attempts, Deepika remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721071", "title": "Lovestruck teens jump off terrace", "text": "KOLKATA: A 14-year-old girl died while her boyfriend, 15, is battling for his life after the duo tried to commit suicide by jumping off the terrace of a four-storeyed apartment at Sajirhat near Ghola in North 24-Parganas on Wednesday evening. The girl died on the spot while the boy had to be admitted to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital in a critical condition.After a preliminary investigation, police suspect that the duo attempted suicide after their parents objected to the affair. The incident took place around 6.30pm, when the residents of the apartment heard a loud thud and rushed to the spot, police said. They found the duo lying in a pool of blood and rushed them to Panihati State General Hospital where the girl was declared dead on arrival. The boy was later shifted to a nursing home in Barasat. His condition was stated to be critical.The boy, a Class-VIII student of an English-medium school at Doltala in Madhyamgram, lived in a flat on the Sodepur-Barasat Road. He was in love with the Class-VII girl of the same school. The girl was a Dum Dum resident. They were in an affair for the past few months. But both families had strongly opposed to the relationship several times. The girl's parents had reportedly warned the boy to sever ties with their daughter.Police suspect that they possibly decided to kill themselves after the girl came over to her boyfriend's house on Wednesday afternoon, police said. None of his family members were at home.A suicide note, addressed to the parents, was also foundin the room. It said that they were mentally depressed and had to take the drastic step as their parents did not accept their relationship., police said. Barrackpore police commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee himself visited the spot and said, \"An investigation has been started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720646", "title": "Edged-out Eurofighter Typhoon still hopes to bag IAF fighter deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eurofighter, the European fighter that lost out to French Rafale on Tuesday in the over $10-billion MMRCA contract, isn't quitting India anytime soon, even as it expressed disappointment in the government's decision.Eurofighter plans to closely watch the negotiations between Rafale- maker Dassault and the Ministry of Defence (MoD), and is hoping that the lowest bidder would not be able to cope up with the demands of negotiations.According to an official familiar with Eurofighter, if the L1, Rafale, is not able to fulfill the negotiation demands, then L2, Eurofighter, would be given the chance. \"That is what is laid down in the procedure,\" he said.Eurofighter has emerged successful in past contracts even when it was not the L1. For instance, Eurofighter was L2 in the contract for design consultancy for Light Combat Aircraft, but ultimately won the contract because L1 couldn't fulfill the Indian demands. \"So we have precedence, and are hopeful,\" he said.\"This is an interesting turn of events, but not the end of the process,\" he argued.Cassidian, the defence &amp; security division of EADS that led the Eurofighter's bid in India, said in an official statement, \"India took the decision to select our competitor as the preferred bidder in the Medium Multi-Role Combat Aircraft (MMRCA) tender. Although this is not yet a contract signature and contract negotiations are still ahead, we are disappointed. However, we respect the decision of the Indian MoD.\"With the Eurofighter Typhoon, \"We offered the Indian Air Force the most modern combat aircraft available,\" the company said. \"Based on the Indian Government feedback, we will now carefully analyze and evaluate this situation together with our European Partner Companies and their respective Governments,\" it added.On Tuesday, the MoD had selected Rafale as L1 in the biggest-ever defence deal signed by India, the contract for 126 fighters for the IAF. Though it was initially pegged to cost above $10 billion, the final tag would likely to be much more. The MoD and the French military firm would enter into elaborate negotiations, and the contract is likely to be signed in the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721036", "title": "Bunty-Babli carjacker couple caught in the act", "text": "KOLKATA: A couple that hijacked luxury cars and sold them off in the grey market was caught late Tuesday evening when an alert driver and residents of a highrise prevented their attempt to take an SUV by force. Police were on the hunt for this real-life Bunty-Babli for quite some time.Arnab Bhattacharya and Mini Khatun had stolen six expensive cars in the past one month alone but this time their modus operandi of drugging drivers fizzled out, say police. Pradip Ghosh, their intended victim, politely refused to accept their offer of food and drinks, forcing Arnab to pull out a knife. Mini allegedly threw her dupatta around his neck and tried to overpower him but Pradip swung his car into a housing complex in Jadavpur and screamed for help. With the help of locals, police rounded up the couple and found theyLike most unemployed youths, Arnab, a science graduate from Habra Chaitanya College, started his career as an agent of a private insurance company. Mini, also a graduate, was his colleague. They soon fell in love and married. Mini hails from Naihati, North 24-Paraganas, and Arnab from Barasat.Some time later, Arnab was arrested for financial misappropriation and spent several months behind bars. There, he got acquainted with aides of dreaded don Seikh Binod and plotted making easy money by hijacking expensive cars. His wife Mini joined hands in the endeavour, say police.On Tuesday morning, the couple rented an SUV from a Shyamnagar car rental agency to travel to Diamond Harbour. Arnab, Mini and one of their 'friends' boarded the car. Mini, who police say is very attractive, offered the driver food and drinks laced with drugs. But Pradip Ghosh refused. This is how they had drugged other drivers and dumped them at deserted locations before fleeing with the car.Ghosh's refusal clearly upset their plan. On the way back, the couple and their friend became desperate and suddenly asked Ghosh to take a detour near Navina Cinema hall on Prince Anwar Shah Road. The car headed towards Jadavpur and the road was less crowded and dark. Arnab suddenly pulled out a razor and put it at Ghosh's neck. Mini tried to overpower the driver from the back seat by tying her dupatta around his neck.But Ghosh did not give up. He drove into a housing complex on Graham's Road and raised an alarm. The residents soon intercepted the couple but their friend managed to flee. Police took Arnab and Mini in custody and charged them with robbery. Investigators have found that Binod's associates worked with the couple to dispose off stolen cars. \"They had hijacked at least six cars in the past month,\" said an investigator. Police are now looking for other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720247", "title": "Children outdo adults in digital savvy", "text": "It is a truth, universally acknowledged, that even Hollywood relationships last longer than the average smartphone battery. However, what Saillesh Jeswani did not know was that there were ways to prolong it, other than keeping all phone conversations under 15 seconds. It was only recently when his 13-year-old son Aditya downloaded the app called Juice Defender on his Android phone that \"both of us realized such features existed,\" says Jeswani's wife, Anjali. However, like many parents of the young, restless and tech-savvy 'Generation Y', Jeswani finds such moments both flattering and scary at the same time.Hetal Shah learnt how to Facebook from her 13-year-old son Rajiv. \"Besides the basics, he also taught me about privacy settings and gave me tips on social networking etiquette,\" says the homemaker who is now an active citizen of the networking world. But that's not all Rajiv taught his mommy. \"He showed me how to download a YouTube video too and how to align documents to make them fit for printouts,\" she adds recalling the days when even using a mouse was a big hurdle for her. And like Jeswani and Shah, a whole generation of parents is learning important tech how-tos from their perpetually wired children.\"I would need an instruction manual to learn all the things the iPad can do, but my son just used it a couple of times and knows it inside out,\" says Elsie Gabriel, mother of nine-year-old Ridge Ferns. When they were vacationing in Sri Lanka last year, he used GPS on his iPad to locate every new place he visited.\"I would then Google the name of the place and read up about its history and other attractions in the area,\" he says. \"I love downloading apps and using them to do nifty things like calculate the time it would take to reach a new place,\" says the student of Bombay Scottish School, Powai.When confronted with a technology glitch while most parents fumble, their teenage kids are adept at using digital interfaces and even have a knack for troubleshooting. Intuitively attuned to technology, kids are much better at handling devices and software than their parents who freeze when confronted with a problem. It's like they were born with a wireless mouse in their hands.While Tanzeem Memon doesn't use the computer, her five-year-old son Ahmed is constantly on it. \"Because he can't spell every word yet, he asks us the spellings of cartoon characters and writes it on a paper. He looks for them online and watches shows on the computer,\" says Tanzeem. \"He saw his uncle use a smartphone once and learnt how to use it instantly.\"According to antivirus company AVG, the average 11-year-old child has \"adult skills when it comes to technology\". As per a 2011 study titled 'Digital Diaries' by the firm, younger children are more likely to navigate with a mouse, play a computer game and increasingly-operate a smartphone-than swim, tie their shoelaces or make their own breakfast. The survey that interviewed 2,200 online mothers of children between two and five years old in countries including the US, Canada , UK, France and Italy found that 58% of children aged two to five know how to play a 'basic computer game', compared with 52% who know how to ride a bike. While 63% could turn a computer on and off and 69% could use a mouse, only 20 per cent could swim unaided and 11 percent could tie their shoelaces without help.\"After a point, technology becomes a part of the child's DNA. The device or the software stops becoming a thing and becomes a way of life,\" says Rohit Tikmany, director, Universal Education Group whose schools use iPads and Macbooks for teaching. \"In schools, teachers want kids to write good-ol' essays, say, about Mahatma Gandhi , while kids wants to create a presentation about him using images, a piece from his Wikipedia page and a YouTube video. And while teachers want kids to do notebook homework, students want to email in their work,\" he says pointing out that it is because \"today's kids have never seen a world without Facebook, 24x7 TV, SMS, hypertext and MP3 music. Their teachers and parents on the other hand, grew up in an environment where direct face-to-face social interaction was the norm.\"Inputs from Sharmila Ganesan Ram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11720097", "title": "Parents file FIR against teacher, school denies beating student", "text": "AJMER: An incident of alleged physical punishment to a girl student of class VIII of Draupadi Devi girls' school at Naya Bazar by a class teacher came to light on Tuesday when her parents registered FIR in Kotwali police station.Parents alleged that their daughter, Manisha, was beaten so badly that her hands bled, just because she had not learnt the lesson given in homework. The school denied the charges saying to skip the test the student had cut her hand with a pin.Parents Ram Chandra and Shanti Devi, residents of Naya Bazar, filed an FIR stating \"My daughter forgot to learn the lesson given in homework so class teacher Sunaina beat her badly.\"The parents accused their daughter was already suffering from skin disease and on being hit on the hand it started bleeding. \"They are not allowed to do this to my daughter,\" said Shanti Devi.Meanwhile, principal of the school Ranjana Agarwal denied the charges and said, \"Punishment is not allowed in the school. We got to know from her classmates that since Manisha had not prepared the lesson so she took out a pin and injured her hand.\" She added the student had also admitted her mistake but her parents were adamant of taking action against the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725936", "title": "2G scam: CPI welcomes SC order, attacks Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the Supreme Court cancelled the 2G licences allocated on a first-come, first-serve basis, CPI today chose to attack P Chidambaram saying that he cannot absolve himself as it was his job to prevent irregularities in the issue.Describing the Supreme Court orders on 2G spectrum as a \"fine judgement\", CPI General Secretary A B Bardhan said, \"It was his job as the (then) Finance Minister to prevent irregularities. He has no right to look away. There is criminal culpability.\"He was reacting to the Supreme Court cancelling allocation of 2G spectrum and directing a trial court to decide on investigating Chidambaram's role in the case.Bardhan alleged that Chidambaram was in the loop and his responsibility was very clear.He said the judgement was an indictment of the first-come, first-serve policy. \"I don't think the then NDA government can escape responsibility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720958", "title": "Lifestyle disorders? Alternative therapy could help", "text": "BANGALORE: Former wrestler 84-year-old Marappa; former Speaker and Congress leader BL Shankar, 59; Dhanush Krishna, a 16-year-old student from Jigni; physician Dr Vandana Herur; Chandigarh resident Poornima Gautam have one thing in common: they practise alternative therapy- yoga and naturopathy - to control obesity, hypertension, diabetes , spondylitis and other disorders.Alternative therapy can help control lifestyle disorders, balance the mind and body with the help of nature. To spread awareness, the department of Ayush, will organize a four-day international conference at Gayatri Vihar, Palace Grounds, from February 9.Sharing his experiences on the power combination of yoga and naturopathy to control spondylitis and hypertension, BL Shankar said: \"I ended up having them because of my hectic lifestyle. Ten years ago, I was suggested to practise yoga and follow naturopathy. My life changed ever since I visited SDM College of Naturopathy and Yoga in Dharmasthala. Now, I practise yogasanas for 45 minutes and walk for 1 hour daily.\"Marappa, a resident of Jayanagar, can be an inspiration for those fighting obesity. He successfully battled the problem for 25 years, practising yoga and naturopathy. When he visited Dharmasthala first, he used to weigh 138kg, today he is 80kg. \"I was suggested to follow the juice and water diet for 21 days, which cleansed my system. I strictly follow naturopathy and practise yogasana. I feel active and fit at this age,\" he said.Twenty-five-year-old Poornima is also fighting obesity at Swami Vivekanada Yoga Anusandhana Samsthana near Jigni. \"I was 116.5kg when I joined the institute last month. Today I weigh 104kg. When I was diagnosed at the age of 15, I lost all faith in life. With the help of alternative therapy I am gaining my confidence back,\" she said.\"Natural interventions such as yoga, relaxation and meditation along with therapeutic dietary measures have been effectively used to control lifestyle diseases,\" said Dr Prashanth Shetty, director, SDM College of Naturopathy and Yoga.Diabetes, which put India on the global map, is another disorder that has been successfully controlled by alternative therapy. Said Dhanush Krishna: \"When I started practising yoga 15 days ago, I depended on 60 units of insulin every day. Today, the intake has come down to 15. These therapies produce natural insulin in your body. It reduces financial burden on the patient as medication cost comes down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719871", "title": "\u2018Stylish\u2019 Ranga Rao gets bail, asked not to leave city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tummala Ranga Rao, the director of Stylish Homes, an accused entity in the Emaar case, was granted bail by the CBI court on Wednesday.Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma granted the bail to Ranga Rao on certain conditions that he should not leave Hyderabad and that he should keep himself available to the investigating agency. Further, he was asked to furnish two sureties worth Rs 25,000 each. The court also directed him to appear before it once before February 6.Ranga Rao, though named as an accused in the chargesheet, has turned an approver in the case. He is reportedly divulging several key details to the CBI sleuths regarding the role of other accused in the Emaar scam. His anticipatory bail plea, therefore, was not opposed by the CBI in court.Meanwhile, the court posted to Friday the hearing on the bail petition filed by home secretary B P Acharya. The judicial remand of other accused in the scam __ Koneru Prasad, Sunil Reddy and Vijaya Raghava __ was extended to February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725444", "title": "I had a cheating ex: Gwyneth Paltrow", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow once had a boyfriend who used to cheat on her \"all the time\".The 39-year-old beauty - who has kids, Apple, seven, and five-year-old Moses with husband Chris Martin - was \"not happy\" when she was in her 20's, but she put up with her man's stories.The singer-and-actress - who dated Brad Pitt and Ben Affleck in the 90's - said: \"I had a boyfriend who used to cheat on me all the time.\"I was quite naive. I knew on a cellular level, but I bought his story.\"Gwyneth - who counts Beyonce Knowles , Madonna and Cameron Diaz among some of her A-list friends - pointed out her and Chris have been faithful to each other, but she made an unnamed reference about one of her most famous celebrity pals.The blonde beauty said: \"I have friends who I love and admire who have had an affair. When I was younger, I would have said he's a terrible person or she's a terrible person. But who made these laws?\"She is an actress and in a new relationship with someone else with a big career.\"And I said, 'This may not be feminist, but you have to compromise. It's been all about you and you're a big deal. And if you want what you're saying you want - a family - you have to be a wife, and that is part of the equation. Gloria Steinem may string me up by my toes, but all I can do is my best, and I can do only what works for me and my family.' \"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11721123", "title": "Lewd headmaster arrested for giving false name, information", "text": "BANGALORE: Paul Meekin, the dismissed headmaster of Trio World School here, was arrested on Wednesday after being questioned by police and officials of Child Welfare Committee (CWC) on charges of furnishing false information.Investigators suspect Meekin is an impostor who gave a false name and incorrect information in his travel documents while being appointed headmaster. He was arrested and dismissed on January 21 after he was accused of sending lewd messages to one of his students.While answering CWC chairperson Neena Nayak, the accused said: \"My childhood name is Paul Meekin, which I changed to Colin during 2003-04, when I was in Thailand.\"A police official said: \"We suspect he changed his name to fly out of Thailand after he was arrested in a case. We don't have details of that case.\"Police on Wednesday evening visited Meekin at his Kodigehalli residence. The cops took his fingerprints and questioned him for over two hours before arresting him.Police said he confessed to buying his education certificates for \u00a320.Bangalore police are considering sending officials to the UK to further inquire into the case of Paul Meekin, the dismissed headmaster of Trio World School.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said: \"We have seized his passport and will check whether the accused furnished fake documents to get his passport.\" If needed, a special team of officers will fly to the UK. \"We're grilling him on the allegation that he's an impostor. Once he gives his real name and address, we'll proceed further. We cannot say all allegations are true,\" Mirji told TOI.Police personnel who went to his house were puzzled when Meekin didn't answer their repeated knocks on his door. \"We had to get the house owner to get duplicate keys and forcibly open the door. Only then were we able to question him and take his fingerprints,\" a police officer said.Child Welfare Committee members headed by chairperson Neena Nayak also questioned him. A spokesperson from the British High Commission told TOI over phone from Delhi that they'd rather not comment now. \"We're not fully aware of the issue. So it's too early to comment. We'll extend full cooperation to the investigating team,\" the spokesperson told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11722426", "title": "Rabid dog bites 21 people", "text": "Gondia: A rabid dog in Sadak Arjuni reported bit about 21 people in a span of two days and also injured few cattle. According to sources, the dog started attacking people from Sunday, January 29, morning.By evening, there were reports that he had bitten 10 people and they were being treated by Dr Shende and Dr Binzade. By Monday, January 30, it had further bitten 11 more person and several cattle. Sources said that as the villagers did not know who to complain to, they took the sticks and killed the dog.According to Dr Shende and Dr Binzade, there was enough stock of anti-rabies medicines to give to all injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11724732", "title": "Students develop glowing cement", "text": "KANPUR: A team of students from SRM University (NCR-campus), who had come to take part in the JK White Design Challenge competition held during Techkriti, presented their idea of making glowing cement to be used at the highways where there are no streetlights.Harsh Vardhan Pande, Anu Jalan and Ravi Monga, members of team Ambient Flickers from SRM University have been judged in the JK White design challenge competition.The team of three from SRM University had planned to make a new type of cement, which would glow in the dark.The purpose behind developing such a type of cement was to develop the highways. Since the major cause of accidents on highways is shortage of street lights, the idea presented by team members was building such roads which are self-illuminating.The students used JK White Cement, Strontium Aluminate and Thermosetting Plastic to prepare Illucrete, a cement, which when mixed with water can be applied on any surface to make it glow even in dark.The students said that in order to increase the intensity of light at night on road, we can add one more ingredient to the mix retro-reflective glass beads, when embedded with illucrete gives the much desired results. These reflectors are sprinkled on the illucrete in the wet condition. Simple 1-2 cm thick layer of illucrete does the essential job of glowing.On remote roads without street lights and at emergency pathways , this cement would be best to use.Also the special cement can be used for aesthetic purpose: Swimming pools, pavements, interiors, residential and leisure applications.Gajendra Singh and Gaurav Jaiswal from Dayal Bagh Education Institute, Agra and Jyoti from NIET gave the idea of manufacturing a 'kit kat' fuse with the help of JK Cement. It is a protection system which is used in domestic and industrial purpose for break the circuit into abnormal condition. They gave the idea of manufacturing fuse with the help of JK White cement. Kit kat fuse is generally used for domestic and industrial purpose and can work for current level from 5A to 90A. This team bagged the second position in the contest.The product can bear high temperature in abnormal condition, it can bear high arc during short circuit, it can bear high voltage stress at normal condition, it is completely eco friendly. For reducing moisture absorption, they proposed of using Hypo solution, used earlier in photo developing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720591", "title": "2G case: Reliance Infra official denies giving info to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Infrastructure Ltd's senior executive VP Ashish Tambawala, who is deposing as a prosecution witness in the 2G scam , on Wednesday said he did not know who signed the bank account opening form of Zebra Consultants Pvt Ltd, an alleged associate of Reliance ADA Group.During his cross-examination, Tambawala denied telling the CBI investigating officer (IO) that the five signatories of the form worked with Reliance Infrastructure Ltd (RIL). \"I did not tell the IO that the five signatories work with RIL, though I had told that I work with RIL,\" he said.Tambawala said he did not know who prepared the document regarding amendment of authorized signatories for operating bank account of Zebra Consultants Pvt Ltd. Earlier, he told the court that Anil Ambani , chairman of Reliance ADA Group, was not the director of Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd and Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd - the two alleged associate firms of the Group.The Department of Telecommunication (DoT) submitted to the court a file relating to the case, which was taken on court's record and would remain in its custody till deposition by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India's (TRAI) former chairman Nripendra Mishra, who is also a prosecution witness in the case.The court also adjourned the ongoing recording of prosecution evidence for two days, saying it requires \"sufficient time\" to consider Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's plea to prosecute Union home minister P Chidambaram in the scam.The judge said he needed time to consider Swamy's plea that is listed for order on February 4. Swamy had earlier argued that the evidence prima facie show that Chidambaram is equally culpable as former telecom minister A Raja.The court also extended till February 6 the judicial custody of Raja and ex-telecom secretary Siddharth Behura, the two accused who are still in jail since their arrest by the CBI on February 2, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721360", "title": "MFC: Margao municipal council acting on CM's instructions", "text": "MARGAO: Newly founded forum Margao Front For Change (MFC) on Wednesday alleged that Margao municipal council (MMC) was carrying out inspections of Moti Dongor on instructions of local MLA and chief minister Digambar Kamat to threaten residents in view of the forthcoming elections.MFC has filed a complaint with the chief electoral officer alleging that MMC had violated the model code of conduct by carrying out the inspection.MMC had carried out the inspection on Moti Dongor on Monday to check for new illegal structures 'purely for information collection purposes'.MFC, led by former MMC chairperson Savio Coutinho, and MMC councilor Sangeeta Audi representing Moti Dongor alleged that the council was carrying out the inspections on Kamat's instructions to threaten the inhabitants in view of the forthcoming elections.Stating that 'scared' residents had informed her of such threats, Audi said, \"Fearing a revolt, the Margao MLA is misusing the office of MMC to intimidate the voters by instilling fear that their houses will be demolished if they don't support him.\"\"It is a well-known fact the Margao MLA has time and time again in the past promised the inhabitants of Moti Dongor that their houses would be regularized and house tax collected,\" Coutinho said, while alleging that there are glaring irregularities in the manner in which MMC had been acting of late in dealing with Moti Dongor residents.Responding to a query, Coutinho said MFC would announce its candidate for Margao shortly.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722642", "title": "Blast from the past: The duo who stole our hearts", "text": "KOCHI: It was a time when the Malayali could still laugh at himself and be no less serious about change in the bargain. Unemployment, and unemployability no less, was an issue that haunted Kerala then as now. The one easy, probably only, recourse for young men was to leave for greener pastures abroad and Nadodikatu evoked this with pathos and satire in equal parts.Made in 1987 on a shoe-string budget of Rs 17 lakh, the delightful vagaries of two young men forced to don a detective's garb still resonates with Malayalis 25 years later. As a couple of no-gooders, strapped for cash but with no shortage of resourcefulness, Mohanlal and Sreenivasan played their parts to perfection. The latter as Vijayan, both cloying and spiteful, was the foil to the haughty Lal who, for all his bravado, couldn't do without a companion.In the history of pop film lore, Nadodikkattu has attained a cult status after it spawned a series, which soon sadly degenerated into mimicry and low-brow slapstick. While high-brow critics gave the film the thumbs down, the average cinema lover had a great time watching the movie. Many dialogues from the film and some of the mannerisms of its leading duo have become part of the Malayali's daily existence.\"The secret of the duo still being alive in the Malayali's consciousness may be because it's a story of two unemployed youngsters told using a humorous narrative. Unemployment was one of the biggest issues and migration to greener pastures was typical of Malayali experience. This has continued to the current decade. So, the audience has no problem relating to Dasan and Vijayan,'' says Sathyan Anthikkad, who directed the movie. According to Anthikkad, it was the convergence of a script-writer, director and actors at the subtlest level that resulted in its success.\"The original thread was from a story told by Siddique-Lal. From the story, we took a character who wants to go to Gulf and who instead reaches Chennai after a travel agent cheats him. That was the launch pad for the entire script,'' recalled Anthikkad, who was all praise for Sreenivasan.\"He is a writer who can generate comedies out of thin air. While preparing the script, we laughed more than the audience who while watching the film.\"With black humour deftly woven into social commentary, Nadodikattu, made in 1987, signified the high noon of meaningful Malayalam cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722284", "title": "85 graft cases await state go-ahead", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Supreme Court's landmark verdict, it was found that 85 crucial proposals submitted by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) to the state government for grant of permission to initiate criminal proceedings , are gathering dust for a period ranging between five to two years.Moreover, the state government did not respond to the ACB's proposal to conduct an open probe against 44 highranking officials, including former Mumbai housing board chief Ashok Lal, former municipal commissioner Karun Shrivastava and former Cidco managing director Vinay Mohan Lal.Disposing of a petition filed by Janata Party leader Dr Subramanian Swamy, the apex court had observed that the government must take a decision on granting permission to prosecute a public servant within four months. In the PIL filed by Vineet Narayan, the apex court had in 1998, observed that the decision should be taken within three months.A senior ACB official said it was time that the Centre amended the Prevention of Corruption Act to expedite the process of granting permission for prosecution . Under Section 19 of the act, previous sanction of the government is necessary for initiating criminal proceedings against a public servant. \"It was a preventive measure to halt misuse of the legal provisions , but it has been found that errant public servants misuse the provision,\" the ACB official said. \"Even if a public servant is caught, he delays the court proceedings, by ensuring that the government does not grant permission for initiating prosecution . The act should be amended to provide for a deadline of three months,\" he added.The ACB official said, a case is pending since 2006, while 39 proposals were submitted last year. \"In view of the apex court order, we are sure the state government will do a quick review of all the pending cases,\" he said. \"Between 2000 and 2011, we submitted 44 proposals, but till now there is no response ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726108", "title": "Jennifer Lawrence's spleen injury", "text": "Jennifer Lawrence thought she had \"burst\" her spleen during filming for 'The Hunger Games'.The 21-year-old beauty was running at a wall at maximum speed in order to gain momentum to propel herself up when her foot got stuck and she hit the surface with her stomach, leaving her trainer concerned she had done some serious damage.She told The Hollywood Reporter: \"I had to do 10 'wall runs,' where you run at the wall as hard as you can to get traction.\"I ran at it and my foot didn't go up, so I caught the wall with my stomach. My trainer thought I had burst my spleen. I had to get a CAT scan and go into a tube where they put this fiery liquid in your body.\"Despite fears for Jennifer's health, she was able to continue filming on schedule and wasn't required to do much additional training afterwards as she was already \"pretty bulked up\" from starring as Mystique in 'X-Men: First Class'.She added: \"I was still pretty bulked up from 'X-Men: First Class'. So a lot of the training was getting muscle back, heightening the muscles without building them. I loved the archery - well, I have a love-hate relationship with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721472", "title": "Prowling big cat remains elusive even after a month", "text": "LUCKNOW: A month has finished since the forest officials began efforts to trap the prowling tiger in Kakori. However, no success has come their way yet. The forest officials are still camping in the area. The department is being assisted by a team from the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) as well.The WTI team had joined the operation on January 10 to provide technical assistance to the forest department to trap the tiger.However, neither department nor WTI team has been able to locate the tiger. The sources in the department claim that it has cost government a good amount of money already. \"And an additional amount has been asked for too,\" said sources. The last kill made by the tiger, about two days back, was located 2 km away from the CISH campus, where the tiger had taken refuge for the last 20 days or so. It indicated that the feline could have moved away from the spot.On Wednesday, however, the forest department could not find out the current location of the big cat. The department has planned to lay one big net to trap the wandering tiger, as enclosures have proved to be almost futile. The enclosures have been put at the same place where the tiger had killed a blue bull, inside the CISH campus. \"We had set up a 'machaan' also but the tiger did not come out of the dense cover. It had instead dragged the kill inside the forest area,\" said a forest official in Kakori.The tiger is believed to have strayed from south Kheri and covered more than 250 km, to have reached its present location.The operation seems to be heading the same way, as the one in 2009, in which a stray tigress from Pilibhit was shot dead, after forest department failed to trap it safely.Meanwhile, the change of guard at the forest department might give the operation a fresh lease of life. Chief wildlife warden (CWW) B K Patnaik retired on Tuesday. Mohammad Ehsan has taken the charge of CWW now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "11718979", "title": "Unions protest Mamata's move to ban strikes", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: State government employees affiliated to various unions shouted slogans against the Bengal administration's move to curb trade union rights of government staff - right to association, right to bargain and the right to strike. The state government isn't yielding, though.Agitators protested outside labour minister Purnendu Bose's chamber in Writer's Building. Bose is waiting for the Cabinet nod following which his department will release pamphlets explaining the government stand. No other state allows trade unions among government employees or the police. The Left Front government allowed it, though.\"We are not against trade unions. I want to mention that the trade union rights that the employees are talking about have no legal nod. There is no such provision in the West Bengal Government Servants Conduct Rules, 1959. In September 1981, the state finance department issued a circular recognizing the rights of government employees to form associations. But the content is not in tune with other provisions of the Conduct Rules,\" Bose said.The dichotomy between the 1981 circular and the rules is apparent. For instance, the Rules say, \"No government employee can submit any petition directly to the government or higher authority other than his departmental superior.\" It also mentions that \"no government employee shall bring or attempt to bring any political, or any other outside influence to bear upon any superior authority\".The move - once approved by the Cabinet - will be put to test on February 28 when Left trade unions go on a general strike. If the government has its way, the employees can't go on a mass casual leave on that day. Government employees absent on that day may have to suffer a pay cut that was never done during the Left rule.Ananta Bandyopadhyay, general secretary, Coordination Committee, said: \"The Left Front had created history by granting trade union rights to government employees. No one can usurp our right to protest.\"Citu leader Kali Ghosh described the move as a \"fascist assault\" on the working-class people. \"This is not all. The minister has also stopped calling the meeting of the Labour Advisory Committee. Instead he is calling the shots on his own,\" he said.In New Delhi too, Congress spokesman Manish Tewari appeared far from welcoming Mamata Banerjee's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720950", "title": "Speaker should resign on moral grounds, say netas", "text": "BANGALORE: Should speaker KG Bopaiah resign on moral grounds? Or is the opposition Congress wasting \"precious hours\" of the legislative assembly by demanding his resignation in the wake of Supreme Court's strictures against him?The jury is still out on that. Some call the Congress move politically correct while others claim the principal opposition party is flogging a dead horse. But they all agree that Bopaiah should demit office on moral grounds.\"It's hard to conclude whether political parties are right or wrong in raking up the issue. But no one will dispute that speakers have a moral standing in a democracy and are bound by certain ethics,'' said political analyst NS Patil.Experts also believe that Congress is beating a dead horse given that its opposition ally JD(S) is getting too close to the ruling BJP since Sadananda Gowda took charge. Of the 224 MLAs, the BJP has 120 while Congress with 71 and is heavily banking on JDS's 26 MLAs besides the five independents.Another lifeline for the Congress is Sriramulu, who wields clout among a section of BJP MLAs. \"But it's quite obvious they don't have the numbers in the lower House to take any issue to its logical end,'' another political analyst said.The Congress, nonetheless, would like to keep the speaker issue alive, hoping to get some political mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722844", "title": "Civic body seeks more time to shift hawkers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has told the Madras high court that it is removing hawkers from Ranganathan Street in T Nagar periodically, and that it requires some more time to relocate hawkers of NSC Bose Road at Broadway.The commissioner said a total of 296 hawkers on NSC Bose Road between Mint Street and Broadway were identified by the chairman of the Hawking Committee that was set up for the purpose and added that they had been issued identity cards for relocation.Most of these hawkers were given an alternative site at Esplanade Road and instructed to occupy the site meant for them.However, about 120 hawkers are not in a position to move their trade to the alternative site in view of the ongoing Metro Rail project there.\"Therefore, the Corporation requires sufficient time to relocate these hawkers to the area without affecting the Chennai Metro Rail project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719411", "title": "Coal shortage hits thermal power generation in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many thermal power plants in the state are in a critical state with coal stock of less than seven working days. Lack of sufficient coal stock is set to effect thermal power generation. The stock at all the thermal stations is so precarious that they are being run on daily basis. Except Ramagundam and Kothagudem, all the other power stations have coal stock for less than stipulated one week.For instance, NTPC's Simhadri thermal station is left with only one day's coal stock, and at present, it is only generating about 75 per cent of its capacity with supplies from Mahanadi Coal fields are getting delayed. Shortage of rail racks has reduced the supplies from MCL.State-run NTPC has an installed capacity of 36,014 MW and recent coal shortage affected its power generation. For the current year, NTPC's coal requirement is about 164 million tonnes, of this about 114 MT is estimated to come from Coal India.AP Transco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain dashed a letter to NTPC requesting it to maintain adequate coal stocks to ensure full generation. The power demand is at its peak and the stocks of coal are low at the Simhadri Thermal Power station.In a letter to NTPC officials, he wanted them to maintain adequate coal stocks at the thermal power stations to avoid inconvenience to the farm sector during Rabi season. Jain said the 1,000 MW stage-1 Simhadri thermal station dedicated to Andhra Pradesh has been producing low output in the last 15 days due to inadequate coal supplies from MCL. He has advised officials of the thermal power stations to maintain adequate coal stocks and ensure full-capacity generation.Vijayawada thermal station with 1760 MW capacity is lifeline of the power sector in the state. The same plant has stock sufficient to generate power for only three days.Rayalaseema thermal power plant with 1050 MW capacity has also reached a dangerous level with just two days stock left in the plant.Thermal plants should have coal stocks to last 25 days for power generation as per the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724598", "title": "UP Board students get time for revision", "text": "VARANASI: Luckier than their counterparts of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and India Council for School Certificate Examinations (ICSE), students of Uttar Pradesh Board are heaving a sigh of relief as they are getting 15 extra days for exam preparations.According to district inspector of schools (DIOS) Vijay Shankar Mishra, as many as 1,32,000 examinee will appear in class X and XII board exams of the UP Board that will start from March 16 and last till April 30. The exams were scheduled from March 1 to March 21 for class X and from March 1 to April 4 for class XII exams. But after the Election Commission announced the dates of assembly elections, datesheets for intermediate and high school examinations were rescheduled.\"We had been mentally prepared to appear on March 1 but this rescheduling is benefitting us because we can now brush up the already prepared chapters,\" said Sunita Singh, student of class XII from commerce stream. With 15 extra days in hand, UP Board students are not only feeling good about the extra time granted for revision, they also believe that they would be able to celebrate Holi as well. \"After so many years, we can celebrate the Festival of Colours without feeling any pressure,\" said Ankur, another class X student of a school in Daranagar.It is worth mentioning here that the assembly elections in the state will start from February 8 and will last till March 3. Thus, most schools of UP Board will be used as polling booths. On the other hand, the CBSE examinations will begin from March 1 with English Elective (001), English Functional (101) and English Core (301) subjects of class XII. However, according to CBSE co-ordinator of the district Rashmi Mohan, the board has rescheduled the examination dates of political science (028) and lending operations (620).\"Both these subjects were earlier scheduled for March 3 but the day was overlapping with the dates of elections in most part of the states, which is why CBSE has postponed the dates to April 16. While political science and lending operations are elective and vocational subjects respectively, most of the main papers like English, Hindi, mathematics and many others will be over by March itself. There were no class X papers on March 3,\" informed Rashmi. While board examination of ICSE will begin from February 27.As the students of CBSE and ICSE boards will witness an early start and end of examinations, UP Board students are fearing that they have to rush between entrance exams. Students who are aspiring to appear for IIT JEE examinations are bemoaning the exams dates. According to Sachi Gupta, as per the last few year's datesheets, \"we were expecting that the exams will be over by March and then we could give time to final preparations of IIT-JEE which is schedule on April 8.\"\"Even though the some of the major papers will get over by mid of April, we are going to have very less time to go for crash course for the highly competitive entrance exams like the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE-Offline) which will take place on April 29,\" opined Alok, a class XII student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725130", "title": "Ronnie Wood's romance records", "text": "Ronnie Wood used to play Marvin Gaye records to be \"romantic\" with his girlfriends.The 64-year-old rocker and his former Faces bandmate Rod Stewart shared a love of Motown music when they shared a house together and admits the \"moving\" songs were key to the success of some of their early relationships.Introducing music on his Absolute Radio show, Ronnie said: \"Coming up next I've got Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell. When I used to live with Rod Stewart back in the old days we used to listen to this album when it first came out and it was a really big influence, along with Sam Cooke and all the records we used to listen to, Otis Redding and all that, Sam and Dave.\"Marvin and Tammi were very moving, and our first girlfriends, we used to get all romantic and play this song, 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough', to them.\"The Rolling Stones guitarist also revealed his brothers were his biggest influences on his two main interests, music and art, when he was growing up.He said: \"My brothers were a great influence on me when I was little. Ted was the jazzer and Art was the blues-er and R'n'B-er, and I took great leaves out of their book, and they were both artists as well as musicians, like I am, and if they played, I played, and if they painted, I painted.\"Though he had the support of his brothers when he made his live musical debut, Ronnie admits to being filled with nerves beforehand.He added: \"The first time I ever got on stage I was a very nervous boy, I got butterflies in my tummy backstage, and it was at a cinema between two Tommy Steel films, and I went on with my brothers' Candy Bison Skiffle Group and I played washboard, and I got a big round of applause, local boy makes good.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722214", "title": "Jobless &amp; ill, Mumbai man kills 2 kids, ends life", "text": "MUMBAI: Faced with twin problems of illness and joblessness , a 45-year-old resident of Chakala, Andheri (E), strangled his two children - a boy aged seven and girl aged six-and hanged himself from the ceiling fan on the mezzanine floor of his home on Wednesday.The man, Santosh Alkar, has left behind a note to his wife saying he was taking the step as he was worried that his high diabetes may kill him. He also mentioned the fact that he was unemployed.Chakala resident Santosh Alkar, who killed his two young children before hanging himself on Wednesday, left behind a suicide note addressed to his wife Radha in which he said, \"Sorry for my act. I am taking the extreme step as I am not sure who will take care of our children as I may die any moment .\" It also mentions that Radha is away in Singapore working as a housemaid . \"As a man, I should have taken care of the family. But it is exactly the opposite in my case...my wife has to work for our livelihood,\" Alkar wrote. Assistant commissioner of police (Andheri division) P M Wadkar said Alkar had made it clear in the note that no one should be held responsible for his act. The murder-suicide was discovered at around 1.45pm by Alkar's sister Asha, who resides in the neighbourhood. When Alkar and his children, Sunil and Mitali, did not turn up for lunch at her house, a worried Asha went to his house to check on the family. Asha, in her statement, said, \"My brother used to have his lunch at my house every day. His children also used to come to my place for lunch after returning from school by 1pm. I got suspicious when they did not turn up today.\"When Asha landed up at Alkar's home, she said the house had been locked from inside and there was no response to her knocks. \"Some neighbours climbed the mezzanine floor and peeped through the window and found the children lying unconscious in one room and Alkar hanging in the other,\" Asha said in the statement. The neighbours reportedly broke open the door of the house and rushed the trio to Cooper Hospital . However, they were declared dead before admission.Alkar's relatives who were at Cooper said he had been looking after his kids ever since his wife left for Singapore a year ago. They confirmed that he had been a diabetic for long and that may have led to the act. \"He use to encourage his kids to take part in all the extracurricular activities in their school and in the locality. He was worried about their future. He could have gone into depression thinking about their future considering that he was ill, and this may have led him to take their lives too. In fact, in the note he left behind, Alkar said he was taking the kids along so that he could take care of them in his wife's absence,\" a relative said.Alkar has been booked for murder, while a case of accidental death has been registered in connection with his suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11714235", "title": "Vidya Balan is namkeen: Aruna Irani", "text": "Aruna Irani says what makes Vidya Balan her favourite actress.Veteran actress Aruna Irani was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 57th Idea Filmfare Awards this year.When asked who happens to be her favourite actress from the current lot, Arunaji said, \"Vidya Balan. She has a beautiful face, lovely eyes. Her face is extremely expressive. She has the charm that the yesteryear actresses had on their faces. She is namkeen, uske chehre mein ek alag si khoobsurti hai.\"She further added, \"I haven't seen the films which have been nominated, including The Dirty Picture but I love the way the Vidya looks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11721618", "title": "Lalur villagers raise a stink", "text": "THRISSUR: Over 350 tonne of garbage is choking Thrissur as villagers refuse to end their agitation against unscientific dumping of waste at the Lalur dumping yard for the ninth consecutive day on Wednesday. Problems arose after a fire broke out at the yard on January 23 and Lalur Malineekarana Viruddha Samara Samiti blocked the entry of corporation's garbage vehicles.\"Many villagers had to be hospitalized after the Jan 23 incident. We have been asking for a permanent solution for over three decades and authorities are yet to give a viable alternative. This time, we are more determined and we will block the entry of garbage trucks. Authorities must remove all the accumulated wasteand start decentralized dumping yards and treatment centres in key areas. Then only we will stop our agitation,\" said samiti chairman TK Vasu, after a meeting with authoritties on Tuesday.Vasu said an indefinite fast is on the cards from February 14 to protest the indifferent attitude of the corporation. Thrissur corporation mayor IP Paul admitted the entire city has now become a dumping yard and garbage is piling up everywhere.\"We are very much aware of this difficult situation, but we have certain limitations too. We can definitely dump the waste at Lalur with police security, but that's not the right way. We are discussing this mater with party leaders in the district to find a permanent solution,\" said Paul.He said a proposal will be submitted to the chief minister in couple of months to solve this issue. The proposal will be finalized after meeting samiti members and politicians. \"We will have separate treatment plants to treat plastic and other waste in separate areas. This issue has not been solved for the past 35 years and I hope finish this off in a year,\" said the mayor.Meanwhile, the sanitation department has no clue about how to dispose the town's accumulated garbage. \"Where will we dump this piled up garbage once it is collected from town?Corporation has not given any directions and we are helpless,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720858", "title": "HC to scan Katara killer's medical records", "text": "New Delhi: After putting a lid on the blanket permission granted to Vishal Yadav to visit hospitals in custody, the Delhi high court on Wednesday turned its attention to similar visits made by his notorious cousin, Vikas.HC asked the Tihar jail authorities to produce complete medical records of Vikas before it on Thursday. HC said that it will examine allegations against Vikas that visited hospitals 87 times during his incarceration period. Vikas is currently serving life term, along with two others, in the Nitish Katara murder case.\"The Jail superintendent is hereby directed to produce all the relevant medical records of convict Vikas Yadav\" a bench of Justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali directed, saying the jail authorities must also file a report \"as to whether other inmates have also been permitted to visit hospitals like Vikas Yadav.\"The court's order came on the petition of Nilam Katara, mother of the victim, seeking a direction to the jail authorities and AIIMS to produce entire record relating to Yadav's ailments and his visits to the premier hospital. Last month HC had withdrawn its 8 year old order that permitted Vishal to visit hospitals \"as and when required\" in custody. Tihar authorities wrote to HC saying that because of the order, Vishal has made over 80 trips to the hospital and sought a clarification from court.During the hearing on Wednesday, the counsel for complainant, Neelam Katara, informed HC of similar misuse by Vikas Yadav. \"Ever since Vikas was convicted and sentenced to life, he has made 87 visits to AIIMS and other hospitals, besides the fact that there was no court order to refer him to AIIMS. It is pertinent to state that referral hospitals for the under trials and convicts are DDU and LNJP.\"Katara, in her petition, has sought directions from the court so that the convict \"may not misuse the financial and political influence with impunity to get the privilege of medical treatment at premiere hospitals like AIIMS for the treatment of diseases like tuberculosis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722819", "title": "Jayalalithaa gifts women MLAs a gym", "text": "CHENNAI: Women legislators in the Tamil Nadu assembly may soon sport a slimmer and smarter look, and even flex their muscles, thanks to the Jayalalithaa government's initiative to open an exclusive gym for them.It is probably the first of its kind for women legislators in the country. The chief minister opened the facility at the MLA Hostel in Chepauk on Wednesday.Provided with all latest fitness equipment, the gym has been set up at a cost of 16 lakh. The housing department has assumed the responsibility of making the facility more women-friendly. The gym currently has two treadmills, a twister, a propel elliptical cross trainer and an electrical body massager. Housed at 'C' Block of the MLA hostel, the facility is close to another fitness centre opened during the previous DMK regime in 2009 exclusively for men.\"The buzz was palpable,\" said an official, who oversaw the high-profile inauguration, with the women legislators rushing to get the feel of the sophisticated fitness gear.Vijayadharani, a Congress MLA, was curious to check the inclination of the equipment and her pulse rate. \"With ultra modern machines being made available, we feel at home away from home. Given the erratic time schedule for politicians like us, it is a blessing,\" she said. CPM MLA K Balabharathy said the state government should set up exclusive women's gyms in all district headquarters.Unlike men, the women MLAs will have to wait for a few more days to get a permanent instructor at Chepauk gym. Sources told TOI that an athletic coach from the Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu has been roped in on a temporary arrangement.The gym will remain open between 6.30am and 8am, and 4pm and 7.30pm. \"The women MLAs will soon enjoy the benefits of fitness schedule. It is proposed to keep the gym open throughout the day for the benefit of visiting MLAs,\" an official source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11719036", "title": "Guj HC relief for Modi in riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court will not direct the Nanavati-Mehta commission to summon chief minister Narendra Modi and question him about the 2002 Gujarat riots. Civil rights organization Jan Sangharsh Manch (JSM) had filed an application demanding that Modi be called by the commission for cross-examination.A bench of Justices Akil Kureshi and Sonia Gokani rejected the application and upheld the November 2009 order by a single judge. The bench observed that the decision to summon any person was left to the quasi-judicial body's discretion.JSM wanted that Modi, three of his secretaries, politicians and senior cops be cross-examined on the basis of the call records that IPS officer Rahul Sharma had submitted. The call details show that the secretaries were in constant touch with those accused in the 2002 riots even as the violence was on. JSM has alleged complicity of the chief minister's office in the 2002 riots.The Nanavati-Mehta commission, formed by the state government to investigate the riots, had rejected JSM's plea in 2009 saying it had not found substantial evidence to summon Modi. The secretaries-Tanmay Mehta, OP Singh and Sanjay Bhavsar-too were not summoned, but were ordered to file affidavits explaining their telephonic conversations.JSM then moved the high court, asking it to direct the commission to summon Modi and others. It argued that in 2004 the state government itself had given the commission the powers to summon ministers, including the chief minister, and was duty-bound to summon Modi on basis of the evidence it had on record.Justice K S Jhaveri, had rejected the petition, which led to the filing of an appeal before a division bench. The then Chief Justice S J Mukhopadhaya had entertained the appeal and sought answers on various occasions from the commission, which maintained that rejection of JSM application was an interim order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11722625", "title": "RTI finds TN biodiversity board defunct", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a GO dated September 30, 2008, the state government notified the formation of Tamil Nadu Biodiversity Board. But a recent Right To Information (RTI) application has revealed that barely four years later, the board is nearly defunct after having just identified one biodiversity heritage site, Senthiraikillai in Cuddalore district.The RTI application, according to K Mohan Raj, who filed it, also found that the biodiversity board \"does not exist and hence is non-functional\". The fund allocations are also meagre and the commitment to establish a fully functional State Biodiversity Board is missing.The RTI applicant also said that the state should appoint a full time chairman and secretary as per the Biological Diversity Act, 2002.Every local body including 12,620 village panchayats in Tamil Nadu should establish biodiversity management committees (BMC), but only six BMCs are functional. These are Vadamadurai in Theni district, Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur, Thiruvarankulam in Pudukottai, Athoor in Dindugul, Kolli hills in Namakkal and Mandapam - Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11719420", "title": "India tells Norway to expedite kids\u2019 custody case", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Wednesday mounted another diplomatic offensive, seeking access to the two children who were forcibly taken under protective care by Norwegian authorities apparently because they were not being looked after well by their parents.While environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan took up the matter with her visiting counterpart Erik Solheim , the government also announced that the children's uncle would reach Norway on Thursday with a \"statement of intent'' to seek their custody.Foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said MEA's secretary (west) G Ganapathi had met a senior visiting Norwegian official to expedite the process, emphasizing the urgent need for the children to be brought up in a familiar milieu. Foreign minister S M Krishna had earlier spoken to his counterpart in Oslo to seek a speedy resolution to the issue.Three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya, children of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, an NRI couple living in Stavanger, Norway, were taken under protective care by Norwegian Child Welfare Services in May last year on the ground of \"emotional disconnect''.Following appeals for help by the parents, India had issued strong demarches to Norway saying that the decision to separate two children from their parents was an extreme step and unjustified. As India stepped up the pressure on Norway to find an \"amicable and urgent\" solution in the case, an agreement was given to Barnevarne (Norwegian Child Welfare Services) by the parents and their lawyer saying their uncle, Arunabhash, had agreed to be the prime caregiver to the children.\"We utilize every opportunity to impress upon the Norwegian government the emphasis the government and the people place on this (issue),\" Akbaruddin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720333", "title": "Crucial SC verdict on 2G looms for Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thursday will be a crucial day in the 2G scam investigations, as the Supreme Court is expected to deliver three judgments on issues arising out of the huge swindle in the allocation of telecom spectrum in 2008.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly, who have monitored investigations into the scam which unsettled the UPA regime and gave fillip to civil society's anti-corruption campaign, will deliver verdicts on what will be Justice Ganguly's last day in office.The verdicts are coming on Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's petition seeking a CBI probe into the alleged role of home minister P Chidambaram in the spectrum scam, and on two pleas by lawyer Prashant Bhushan seeking cancellation of 2G licences and setting up of an SIT to monitor probe into the scam.The three verdicts may carry significant ramifications for politics and business in the country.Swamy has demanded a CBI probe into the role of Chidambaram with regard to the 2G scam. The Janata Party chief, who is the petitioner in the 2G case, has alleged that Chidambaram, then the finance minister, could have prevented jailed former telecom minister A Raja from giving away spectrum at throwaway prices to select companies, but chose not to do so.Swamy had won a success in the court on Tuesday when Justices Singhvi and Ganguly upheld his right to seek the prosecution of Raja for the 2G scam and indicted the PMO for delaying prosecution of the sacked telecom minister.Political parlours in the capital were abuzz with speculation about which way the bench may tilt in the case which will have a bearing on the career of the powerful Union home minister.The SC bench will also decide the petition of Bhushan's Centre for Public Interest Litigation demanding cancellation of all 2G licences -- 121 in all -- that were found illegal by the Comptroller and Auditor General. The CAG audit had found that all licences were issued in violation of several laws. The licences classified as illegal include those which went to Swan, Unitech, Shyam Telecom etc.A victory for Bhushan can unleash upheaval in the telecom sector and may singe foreign majors like Telenor of Norway , Etisalat of UAE and Sistema of Russia which have picked stakes in 2G licences.Bhushan, one of the leading lights of Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign, is also the source of the third important case Justices Singhvi and Ganguly are scheduled to decide on Thursday. The activist lawyer has asked the top court to set up a Special Investigation Team to take up the probe into the scam. He has alleged that the Central Bureau of Investigation has not done a fair job as it is loath to move against some of the powerful persons who scripted the scam, which according to one estimate of the CAG, caused the exchequer a loss of Rs 1,76,000 crore.Meanwhile, the special CBI court hearing the 2G scam on Wednesday adjourned till Monday the recording of prosecution evidence in the 2G scam case to decide on Swamy's petition to prosecute Chidambaram.While concluding the day's proceedings, special CBI judge O P Saini said he required \"sufficient time\" to consider Swamy's plea, which is listed for order on February 4, and deferred the daily hearing till February 6. \"As complaint case titled 'Dr Subramanian Swamy versus A Raja and others' is coming for order on February 4, 2012, which requires sufficient time for consideration, this case (recording of prosecution evidence in 2G scam) would not be listed for February 2 and 3, 2012,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720901", "title": "CM gives up leader of legislative council post", "text": "BANGALORE: A benevolent chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda gave up his post as leader of the legislative council to senior minister V S Acharya, but he declined to take it up, and was reportedly adamant.Though Gowda was elected member of the council, he cannot be the floor leader of the Upper House. Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar is the House leader in the legislative assembly.According to council secretariat officials, this is a first such development in the state. \"The legislature party leader of the ruling party is normally the leader of either House of legislature. It is not so in this case,\" he said. V Shreesh, council secretary, maintained that there is no ambiguity in the procedure regarding appointment of a floor leader for the House. \"The procedure of the council allows the CM to propose a minister as floor leader,\" he said.Council chairman D H Shankaramurthy on Wednesday announced that Gowda had expressed his inability to be the floor leader and suggested Acharya's name instead. Party sources said Acharya has declined to give up the post he is holding.When B S Yeddyurappa was House leader of the assembly, Acharya was made leader of the council due to his seniority in the party. He is said to have pressured the party to continue him in the same post. This apart, sources said Acharya, whose is often unwell, doesn't want to give up the responsibility of briefing cabinet decisions.Acharya had collapsed twice due to fatigue during cabinet briefings, and lately, the government had deputed Suresh Kumar as a substitute for Acharya in case he was unable to brief the media.A precedent is setConventionally, the CM should be the leader of either House. However, a new precedent has been set. But it is not a violation, it reflects this CM's style of functioning.Prof Sandeep Shastry | political analyst", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11726650", "title": "Cut likely in parole term of prisoners", "text": "BHOPAL: Two years after amending leave rules, the state jail department has now decided to reduce the parole term of prisoners from 60 to 42 days. In 2009, the department had amended the MP Leaves Rules Act 1989, increasing the parole term to 60 from 21 days.The arrangement lasted for almost 2 years and more than 10,000 prisoners were released on parole for four times, each not exceeding 15 days in a year. However, the law department later pointed out that amendment was not in keeping with the MP Leave Rules Act 1989.Sources confirmed that the proposal for the amendment has been sent to the government and would tabled in the assembly session beginning later this month.No state in the country allows a parole term of 60 days and the maximum relaxation that could be given to prisoners in form of parole is of 42 days a year. Acting on the same, the jail department has now proposed a fresh amendment to reduce the parole term to 42 from 60 days.Deputy inspector general (prisons) R S Vijayvargiya said \"The amendment is meant to correct the inconsistency in the state leave rules. It was by chance that the parole term was increased to 60 from 21 days through the amendment in 2009. However, the issue would be sorted out soon. The issue is scheduled to come up in the assembly session,\" he added. For the time being, the prisoners would get a parole term of 21 days.This is the second occasion when the jail department is facing embarrassment due to hasty decision. Earlier, the jail authorities had landed in trouble after releasing five Simi activists on the Republic Day from Ujjain jail in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "quadian wali (jalandhar)", "code": "11722179", "title": "'Potato king' dumps 90,000 bagfuls, more to go in 2012", "text": "QUADIAN WALI (JALANDHAR): It's a problem of plenty which has hit potato farmers across the country and even the biggest of them hasn't been able to escape it. \"I can perhaps recover only 50% of my investment. Bank loans are hitting the roof. How long can we live like this?\" asks potato grower Jang Bahadur Singh Sangha.The question aboutsurvival seemsincongruouson Jang Bahadur's lips. By no yardstick arethe Sanghassmallfarmers. With 45,000-50,000 tonnes of potatoesharvested annually from the 5,000 acres leased near Jalandhar, they are probably the country's largest growers of potatoes. Nearly 175 tractors till the Sanghas land. There's a workshop for the machines. The chain is complete with a lab where Cornell University-educated Jang Bahadur, the youngest Sangha, develops seeds and undertakes tissue culture. The produce is stored in his 11 cold storages. So, quite clearly these are no ordinary farmers. Yet, they're in distress.Not just them. Potato growers across states have been hit by a glut resulting from two bumper harvests. A third is on the way, which is likely to pile more pressure on the hapless farmers. From Gujarat to Punjab, from Farrukhabad to Singur, farmers are reeling under the pressure of bumper harvests.\"The glut will continue in 2012 since the weather has been ideal for growing potatoes. It would have been even better had there not been so much rain,\" says Jang Bahadur pointing to potatoes that are almost ready to harvest.Like several other farmers, the Sanghas have dumped around 90,000 sacks of potatoes - some thrown away and the rest shipped to Assam and Karnataka for Rs 1-1.50 a kg. \"If you include the cost of the jute bags, we virtually sold it for free. But we didn't have a choice since you can't see it rotting in front of you. In fact, things had become so bad that we requested the district administration for a designated place to dump our harvest,\" says Jang Bahadur, nicknamed India's potato king.Government inflation data shows potato prices, at the all-India level, have fallen over 24% compared to last year.Onions too have fared poorly with wholesale prices declining 79%. In Lasalgaon (Maharashtra), onions are selling for around Rs 3 a kg. This is showing up in retail prices - in Delhi onions are now selling for Rs 16 a kg compared to Rs 80 a year ago.The sharp decline in potato priceswas an election issue in Punjab. In UP, Rahul Gandhi used the glut in potatoes to argue for foreign directinvestmentin retail.Last month, the Congress general secretary told election gatherings across Farrukhabad and Kannauj that FDIwouldsolvethe puzzleof a kilogram of potato fetching Rs2or lessfor thefarmer while a packet of potato chips costs Rs 10. \"A packet of chips is made from just half a potato,\" he had said.Economists and government officials say there has been too much focus on increasing production and little has been done to boost processing and storage. A farm economist says, \"You need the ability to process potatoes. May be powder it and add it to wheat. You need more cold storage facilities, otherwise farmers will be hit as much by a bumper crop as by drought.\" One oft-suggested measure is to push for construction of more cold storages. Now, the government is lending a helping hand, offering subsidies. \"So, we've built cold storages. But what will you do with your crop when it is not sold at the right price?\" asks Jang Bahadur.POTATO In mid-January, prices were 22.46% lower than a year ago Compared to March 2011, prices down 14.23% 12.41% dip in a week (Jan 7-14)ONION Onion prices have crashed over 79% in a year Fall of 14.23% since March In a week (Jan 7-14), prices dropped 12.41%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721559", "title": "Farmers thwart bid to sell mining lease in Bichwa, Tekadi", "text": "NAGPUR: The farmers from Bichwa and Tekadi in the district have thwarted an attempt to sell mining leases which have already been suspended by Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM).The state government had granted lease for manganese and dolomite mining over 17.25 hectares in Bichwa and 11.5 hectares in Tekadi to one AD Kuhite of Nagpur on March 22, 1996. The 20-year lease period expires on August 10, 2016.However, following stiff opposition from farmers against grant of mining leases in Bichwa and Tekadi, 55-60km from Nagpur in Saoner, the directorate of geology and mining (DGM) has already recommended suspension of these leases. The DGM's recommendation came after directions from the IBM , a watchdog for mining activity, on February 17, 2011.Moreover, in a relief to farmers, in August 2011, the additional district collector had set aside an order of Saoner subdivisional officer (SDO) directing farmers to hand over possession of their lands for mining. The proposed mines also fall in the buffer zone of Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary.Despite the facts on record, attempts are being made by the Kuhite family to settle a deal by transferring these leases to mining firms having operations in other states. Earlier, the Kuhites had entered into an agreement with Ultimate Alloys India Limited and Asia Pacific Global Limited, Delhi, and transferred the lease without prior permission.However, Balwant Kuhite, legal heir of AD Kuhite, refused to divulge details over phone and asked this reporter to meet in person. When reminded about some mining firm owners visiting Bichwa-Tekadi recently, he denied any attempts to sell the leases.In January first week, farmers had foiled an attempt to sell the leases to mining firms from Raipur and Bangalore.\"I still till my agriculture land which is being shown as part of the mining lease. We have expressed strong resentment to the parties coming to verify the area,\" said Gajanan Dhole, who owns land in Bichwa.\"A couple of farmers whose land has been identified for mining have committed suicide earlier. A similar situation cannot be ruled out,\" warned Yuvraj Boriwar, another marginal landholder.A Patnaik, owner of a mining firm in Raipur, admitted having visited Bichwa on January 4, but said the chapter is closed for them. \"Looking into the opposition from locals, we are not at all interested in the mines,\" he said.As per the provisions of Mineral Concession Rule 1960, the lessee has to start mining work within one year of the date of grant of lease. However, neither the lessee nor his legal heirs have started work till date in the case of Bichwa and Tekadi.Besides, transfer of lease without government permission is a breach of condition and hence the lease is liable to be cancelled, officials told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721439", "title": "28-yr-old pregnant woman beaten to death by brothers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 28-year-old pregnant woman was beaten to death by iron rods and sticks by her two brothers here in Pink City in Para police station area on Wednesday morning.The victim was identified as Rubeena, wife of Salim, a resident of Pink City, Buddheshwar locality in Para police station area. Salim later lodged a case of murder against his brothers-in-law Alladdin and Nizamuddin, both residents of Unnao district.According to reports, Rubeena was busy with some work along with Sakeena, the wife of Salim's brother, a few metres away from her house. It was around 11.30 am when Alladdin and Nizamuddin, without any much provocation, started beating Rubeena with iron rods and sticks.On hearing the noise, Salim who was inside the house ran towards Rubeena. By that time Alladdin and Nizamuddin fled the spot leaving Rubeena lying in pool of blood on the ground.Salim rushed Rubeena to the trauma centre where she was declared dead at around 2.30pm, the police said.Sakeena told Salim about the involvement of Alladdin and Nizamuddin.Talking to TOI, station officer Para, Subhash Chandra said that Rubeena's family members were not happy with her decision to marry Salim about eight years back. Besides this, there was no other dispute of either Salim or Rubeena with her two brothers, the police further added.Rubeena is survived by a 3-year-old daughter, Mehak, and husband Salim. Police sources, quoting Salim, said that Rubeena and Salim, both natives of Unnao district, fell in love with each other and decided to marry. However, the same was protested by Rubeena's family.However, Rubeena defied her family's diktat and married Salim. Knowing well that her family will not accept them, Salim shifted to Lucknow and set up a dairy business. A few years later, he got a house constructed in Pink City and was living happily with his wife and daughter for the past over six months.Sources said that some of the relatives of Rubeena were also living in Para locality. It was probably after this that Alladdin and Nizamuddin reached Rubeena's house and beat her up to death. The police said that though all the angles were being probed, the fact that Rubeena's father Dargahi and other family members were against her decision to marry Salim in all likelihood looked to be the cause of Rubeena's murder. The police said that efforts were being made to nab the perpetrators of the crime. On pregnancy, the station officer said that this would only be cleared once the post-mortem report is received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11721788", "title": "For alpha men, its either their way or highway", "text": "LONDON: Alpha men may not agree, but a new study has claimed that they could be a misfit in office , after researchers found that those with high testosterone levels are stubborn, over-confident , and hard to work with.\"Testosterone also affects our decisions, by making us more egotistical . Most of the time, this allows us to seek the best solution to a problem, but sometimes too much testosterone can help blind us to other people's views.\"This can be very significant when we are talking about a dominant individual trying to assert his or her opinion in, say, a jury,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted as saying Nick Wright at University College London, who led the study.Researchers have based their findings on an analysis of tests on 17 pairs of female volunteers, and not on alpha males. This is because the women subjects have low base levels of testosterone which are easier to alter. In the study, over the course of two days spaced a week apart, both participants in each pair were given a testosterone supplement and then a \"dummy\" placebo. The women performed computer-based tasks designed to assess their levels of co-operation . The findings revealed that extra testosterone was associated with volunteers being egotistical and favouring their own selections over partner's , according to the 'Proceedings of the Royal Society B' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721300", "title": "Night illumination plan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The night illumination plan of Chandigarh tourism has hit a dead-end with UT failing to get works started on the project. Earlier, the department had sought ratification of the project plans, prepared by Chandigarh College of Architecture from a private consultant, but following hue and cry over the appointment of an outside consultant, the plans were shelved.The proposal included illumination of the Capitol Complex as well as some of the tourist destinations. A tour of the city at night on CITCO's hop-on hop-off bus was also proposed. The buildings as well as monuments were to be illuminated and an artist's impression of the illumination had also been prepared. Tourists were to be given a guided tour of the area on the hop-on hop-off bus.However, questions had been raised about the viability of such a plan with tight security and various restrictions to visit the Capitol Complex even in the morning, what UT could do to allow night visits to the complex.Apart from this, there were plans to light up entry points to the city on the peripheral routes at Mullanpur, Mohali and Panchkula. The entry points were also to be landscaped. An amount of around Rs 4 crore was sanctioned for the purpose by the ministry of tourism.The other places to be illuminated were Sukhna Lake, where partial illumination has taken place, and Rock Garden.CITCO general manager (tourism) A K Malhotra said, \"The project has been a little slow to take off. However, tenders have been invited from private entities for the project and very soon we would be allocating works to be completed in a specified period of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720537", "title": "Voters' awareness campaigns building up", "text": "PUNE: Several independent organizations have launched campaigns to encourage voters to exercise their right on February 16.The State Election Commission has directed municipal corporations to launch special drives and along with political parties want India Against Corruption Movement members in Anna Hazare's anti-corruption crusade to join the efforts.The election commission has asked Team Anna to campaign for higher voter participation and strengthening of democracy. In a recent statement, the EC said, \"The CEC has requested civil society groups to extend support to the ongoing positive efforts of the commission to enhance voters' participation in elections and strengthen democracy.\"Hazare's group has stressed the need to introduce 'the right to recall', which the commission said would prove impractical.Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) spokesperson Ankush Kakade said, \"All political parties and organizations should ensure high percentage voting in the civic elections. Activists from Pune who joined Anna's agitation should take the initiative to create awareness among voters.\"Hazare's supporters said they would start the campaign to encourage voters. \"We are discussing the matter in various fora and sending SMSes. In the last week before voting we plan to launch vigorous reachout programmes to bring out middle and upper-middle class voters,\" Deepak Bharadia, a leader from Indian Against Corruption's Pune chapter, said.Hazare's supporters plan to join hands with local NGOs for the campaign. \"We are not supporting or opposing any party or candidate. People themselves have to decide whom they want to vote. Our task is to make them vote,\" said Bharadia.The social crusader had called for voters to be empowered with the right to reject and right to recall non-performing and corrupt representatives. Team Anna demanded that the Election Commission should include none of the above option in EVMs.Currently, according to election rules, section 49 allows a voter a 'none of the above' choice but violates his secrecy as the individual needs to fill a form at the polling booth. Converting this into an electronic format will allow the voter to remain anonymous. The Election Commission has repeatedly said that the right to recall is not practical for India.Hazare supporters in city are scattered. \"At individual levels, we are telling people to vote, but a collective effort would go a long way,\" Vivek Waghchoure, who participated in Anna's agitation in Pune in August, said.The Pune Vikas and Lokkalyan Samiti (PVLS), comprising civic activists and former government officials has started an awareness campaign. \"We want citizens to choose their candidates. We are not supporting any political party. All civic groups should boost voting percentage,\" PVLS president Sudhir Mandke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "11721612", "title": "Heroin packets found in stomach of corpse", "text": "SONEPAT: The body of a man, found lying near a park in Sonipat about one-and-a-half years ago, had about 262 grams heroin in the stomach. This has been revealed in the report of forensic science laboratory at Madhuban in Karnal.Confirming this, Gannaur SHO Mukesh Kumar told TOI that the body, recovered from inside HSIIDC park on October 19, 2010, is still unidentified. \"The body was sent to PGIMS at Rohtak for post mortem examination where doctors recovered small packets containing the white powder. Later, the viscera and the powder packs were sent to FSL at Madhuban,\" he said.The report of the laboratory, received recently, revealed that the white powder was heroin. \"It came to light that around 50 small packs, containing approximately 262 grams heroin, was hidden in the stomach of the body. The heroin is estimated to be worth Rs 25 lakh.\"The SHO said that the body had not been identified so far and investigations were still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721291", "title": "Provide firing range to Army: High Court to UP government", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the director of the Terminal Ballistic Research Laboratory, Chandigarh to submit its report regarding the required area for firing range at Sultanpur Road to the state government within 15 days and state will consider and pass appropriate orders on the report thereafter.The court had summoned the laboratory report and the state government's decision on February 23.A division bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice DK Upadhyay also directed the state government to consult with the army officials before taking the decision. \"The state government shall keep in mind that because of the permission granted to various private builders and the schemes launched by the LDA and Awas evam Vikas Parishad, the area which was notified for firing purposes is not possible to be utilised as the firing range unless the buildings, which have been constructed are removed,\" suggested the bench.The court also directed the state government to consider that the firing practise is an essential part of the Army activities and for last of couple of months, there has been no firing practise, which is not good. It further expected that the state government will take early decision, which will commensurate with the requirement of the army, so that firing practise may restart. A PIL filed by Brigadier Tirbani Prasad has raised the issue before the court that various construction works near the firing range at Sultanpur Road along Shaheed Path is causing hindrance in firing practise of Army personnel.The petitioner has sought the interference of the court, so that the hindrances may be removed and firing practise may restart.Earlier, chief secretary Anoop Mishra, LDA vice-chairman Rajiv Agrawal, LMC commissioner Shailesh Kumar Singh, housing commissioner PV Jaganmohan and Colonel (GS) Vikas Verma and Colonel (Q) Sanjay Bharadwaj on behalf of the Army had appeared before the court in connection with the issue. The state had apprised the court that it would redefine the area of firing range under Manoeuvres, Field Firing and Artillery Practise Act (1938) as required by the army for the purpose of firing practise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720739", "title": "GTU: 13 government engineering colleges colleges headless in Gujrat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is a lack of principals in technical colleges in Gujarat. GTU officials say of the 16 government engineering colleges in the state, only three colleges have full-time principals. The rest 13 are being run under in-charge principals.The situation in self-financed colleges is equally alarming. Of the 92 self-financed colleges, the position of principals is vacant in 45 institutions. In 47 colleges that have principals, 15-odd colleges have principals who are above 65 years of age.Rules stipulate that the age of principal in technical colleges should not be above 65 years. In fact, enquiries done by GTU revealed that 15-odd colleges had principals above this age. GTU has issued notices to these colleges to relieve principals who are above 65 years and recruit other candidates in their place.Majority of the colleges have initiated the process to recruit principals and have also conducted interviews. However, GTU officials have found that many colleges had directly appointed their own candidates as principals without taking permission of GTU.\"It is mandatory to get the candidature of a principal cleared by GTU,\" said university officials.Any candidate who is a professor and has completed 10 years of teaching can apply for the position of principal. Alternatively, teachers who are not professors but have 13 years of teaching experience can apply for the position. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11723796", "title": "IOC may post Q3 losses on tax woes", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Supreme Court ordering Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) to deposit Rs 979 crore as unpaid entry tax to Uttar Pradesh before February 14, the cash-strapped refiner is likely to post losses when it announces its third quarter results on February 13, unless the government bails it out with cash payment.India's biggest refiner, in filing to the exchanges, said that the orders may have 'financial implication' on the company, causing its stock prices to crash by 6% to Rs 271 in a firm Mumbai market on Wednesday, one of the sharpest falls recorded in last 14 months.A source privy to the development, told TOI requesting anonymity, \"The order is under examination and the board will take a view on the order. We will get to know the financial implications on February 13, when the results will be announced.\"The company, which usually announces its results in January, has deferred its results to February expecting compensation from the government for selling sensitive petroleum products below market prices. However, the company is yet to hear anything from the government on the quantum of compensation or the timeframe.After failing to get relief in the high court, IOC moved the Supreme Court against UP's levy. The Supreme Court has issued an interim order asking the refiner to pay half of the accrued tax liability and remaining by bank guarantee. IOC's total liability towards entry tax on crude oil and natural gasfor 13 years is estimated at Rs 10,966 crore.(including interest of Rs 2,098 crore).The Uttar Pradesh government, through its UP Entry Tax Act 2007, levied a $5.78 per barrel entry tax on crude oil the company imported into the state for processing at its eight million tonnes per annum refinery at Mathura. The refiner challenged the move in Allahabad High Court, which dismissed IOC's writ petition and upheld the tax. Subsequently, IOC challenged the high court order in the Supreme Court, which issued an interim order asking the refiner to pay half of the accrued tax liability and remaining by bank guarantee.It is estimated that IOC's total liability towards entry tax on crude oil and natural gas for 13 years is estimated at Rs 10,966 crore (including interest of Rs 2,098 crore).Of this, IOC had paid Rs 2,362 crore from 1999-2000 to 2006-07. The additional provision for the Entry Tax liability up to March, 2012, is estimated to be Rs 8,411 crore, which may have to be made against IOC's profit in the current year. If the company provisions for entire tax liability of Rs 8,411 crore, the firm may end 2012 fiscal year in red as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11724881", "title": "Board exams round the corner, power remains in short supply", "text": "VARANASI: Contrary to the power struggle gathering heat with intensified election campaigning for the upcoming assembly elections, the power supply in the region has also started to dwindle. This is especially inconveniencing the students, who are preparing hard for Board examinations.While technical snag caused damage to incoming panels at 33 KV Pandeypur power sub station and disrupted power supply to some one dozen residential colonies in trans-Varuna areas in the past 24 hours, a number of localities in Rajghat and Maidagin suffered power crisis due to damage to underground cable on Wednesday. In addition, local faults and damage to transformers hampered power supply in other localities as well.\"Our concentration often breaks due to frequent power disruptions though we try our best not to let power disruptions affect our studies. The main problem arises at night as the locality plunges into darkness. We only hope that the situation improves fast as the examinations are drawing closer,\" said Preeti, a class XII student who would also appear in IIT-JEE tests in April. Similarly, Rahul Arora, who is studying hard for the upcoming medical entrance test and is taking coaching at a centre in Durgakund, says his studies are being affected due to power crisis.Though PVVNL office had promised uninterrupted power supply in night, it is unable to keep that promise. It says it keeps receiving instructions from Lucknow control room for unscheduled power rostering. As per reports of the office, apart from routine rostering of four hours in two shifts, unscheduled rostering in the nights is also being done.According to Subhash Mehta, executive engineer, Dubakia control unit, power cuts during nights are being done as per instructions of Lucknow control room. \"Local faults are also aggravating the situation and efforts are being made to keep rostering as controlled as possible,\" he said.Meanwhile, VIP localities like BHU and Sigra also faced power disruptions during the day. While repair work of damaged cables at several places hampered power supply to a number of departments and faculties, Sigra and adjoining areas suffered power snags due to snags at Kashi Vidyapeeth feeder.\"The power supply in the region has remained affected during the entire winter season and we only hope that it gets better during the election time. For us, elections as well as examinations are equally important and better power supply would meet our requirements,\" said Sanjay, another student preparing for Board examination and also ready to cast his vote for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720108", "title": "High court annoyed with multiplicity of councils recognizing courses", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has taken a serious note of multiple councils created by the Central and state governments whose clearance is required to run various educational courses.Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari observed in his order passed on a petition filed by more than a dozen students of pharmacy course that, \"It is seen by this court that at times, various councils by the Government of India are granting approval to the courses, for which they have no power. When the Pharmacy Council of India exists, we fail to understand what AICTE has to do with the pharmacy course and is granting permission to run the course.\"The court also enquired from the additional solicitor general M S Raghav the reason behind having approval of one course from various councils and bodies. The court issued notice to the Centre and state authorities including the vice-chancellor, RUHS to explain the need for multiple councils for recognition of one course.The court was annoyed with the fact that a large number of colleges in the state are allowed by one council to run the course and when the session starts or the course ends the students are told that either the course is not recognized for their enrolment with the professional bodies or they are deprived of appearing in competitive examinations in want of 'approved' degree or course. \"We cannot allow such type of irregularities in name of recognition,\" observed the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11724716", "title": "2G licence cancellation to hit less than 5% users: TRAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom regulator Trai said there will not be much impact on customers due to cancellation of 122 2G licences of eight companies, as around 95 per cent of total subscribers belong to operators which got licences before January 2008.\"The Supreme Court judgement will be implemented. Customers will not be impacted from the cancellation of licences as around 95 per cent market share is of those who got licences before January 2008,\" Telecom Regulatory Authority of India Chairman J S Sarma told reporters here.He added that subscribers have the option to port out using mobile number portability.\"Subscribers have option to port out through MNP. We will instruct operators to inform their subscribers and come out with advertisement,\" Sarma said.On chances of tariff hike due to expected high price of spectrum, Sarma said that Trai is alert and will keep a watch on the situation.The companies that are set to lose on account of the cancellation of the licences are: Uninor (joint venture between Unitech and Telenor of Norway ), Loop Telecom, Sistema Shyam (joint venture between Shyam and Sistema of Russia), Etisalat DB (joint venture between Swan and Etisalat of UAE), S Tel, Videocon, Tatas and Idea.With cancellation of these licences, over 500 Mhz spectrum will be available for auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721510", "title": "Balli riot case handed over to CBI", "text": "MARGAO: The CBI has begun its investigations into the nine cases registered by the Cuncolim police with regards to the ST agitation of May 25, 2011, at Balli, which have been handed over to them from the crime branch of the state police. A three-member team of the special crime branch of Mumbai CBI has already arrived in Goa in connection with the investigations, sources said.Sources said that the investigating team of the CBI visited the crime branch office on Monday and took possession of the case papers and other relevant documents pertaining to the investigations. They also visited the site of the offence at Balli, sources added.The nine cases registered at Cuncolim police station besides the one at Konkan Railway police were soon transferred to the crime branch on May 28, 2011 , to ensure speedy and fair investigations.Following investigations into the case of the death of two tribal youth in the agitation, the crime branch had filed a chargesheet before the judicial magistrate first class, Quepem, implicating 14 persons charged under Section 302 (murder), Section 143 (unlawful assembly), Section 148 (rioting) Section 323 (for causing hurt) and Section 436 (mischief by fire or explosives). The CBI, however, is likely to probe the case afresh, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720923", "title": "Red tape leaves Games flat owners in lurch", "text": "New Delhi: Around 450 people are yet to get possession of Commonwealth Games Village flats with the DDA refusing to regularize construction over and above the sanctioned plan without the Centre's approval .The dispute revolves around the compoundable limit of the constructed area of 2.27 lakh square metre in the Games village.To organize the Games, DDA had given 1,10,000 sq metre land to Emaar MGF to build a Games Village to accommodate sportspersons.According to the master plan, 2,20,000 sqm area could be constructed as the floor area ratio (FAR) is two.This apart, 5% of the permissible area could be constructed. This can be regularized after paying a fine of Rs 100 per sq metre. That means 2,31,000 sq metre could have been constructed. Therefore, a total constructed area of 2,27,071.72 sq metre by Emaar MGF is well within the limit of regularization.But sources said DDA in its reply to the ministry of urban development on January 24, argued that in the bid document, the total permitted area for construction was only 2,01,280 sq metre.The figure was arrived at following a relaxation granted by the central government on the density of dwelling units and carpet area requirements with the condition that DDA would undertake construction of 1,100 units for economic weaker section (EWS).As the permissible area to be constructed was fixed after the relaxation granted by the Centre, DDA, in a reply to the ministry, argued it cannot give any relaxation without the ministry's approval.In the sanction plan, DDA allowed construction of 2,05,140 sq metre as against a permitted area of only 2,01,280 sq metre in the bid document.In its letter dated June 12, 2008, the executive engineer, who was the project in-charge and controlled the overall supervision, said, \"The FAR mentioned in the bid document is 2,01,280 sq metre, whereas FAR expected to be achieved is more than this.The amount to be deposited by EMAAR MGF for this excess FAR will be calculated at the rate of 15,948 per sq metre.\" This clearly suggested that earlier DDA was of the opinion that FAR norms will be governed by the rules of Master Plan 2021. This provision is part of the revised bid document.The high court has directed the urban development ministry to convene a meeting on or before February 10 of senior officials of DDA and Emaar MGF for \"thrashing out the issue and take a decision'' on giving completion certificate for the buyers to get possession of the apartments.The court has also asked the ministry to request the group of ministers (GOM), headed by defence minister AK Antony , looking into the CWG village related issues to expedite the process. The decision taken by the GOM should also be placed on record, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11721527", "title": "Fire in Morjim house leaves Rs 1.5L worth of losses", "text": "MAPUSA: Fire that broke out in the Asgaonkar home in Bandekarwada, Morjim, on Tuesday evening, left losses worth 1. 5 lakh. No one was hurt in the fire which is suspected to have been triggered off by a short circuit.Around 5.30pm, Shashikala Asgaonkar and her family realized fire had broken out in the home. She told TOI that the fire services department was called immediately, but the tender from Pernem fire station arrived only by 6.15pm while the one from Mapusa arrived at 6.45pm.\"By then the locals had helped us to douse the fire,\" said Asgaonkar, adding that the some property could not be saved. Some clothes, furniture and gold ornaments-four bangles, a chain, a pair of earnings and a finger ring-were lost in the fire.\"Luckily, the LPG gas cylinder didn't catch fire in the incident,\" said Asgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721211", "title": "Centre seeks MP govt's explanation on clinical drug trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Wednesday asked an explanation from the Madhya Pradesh government on the malpractices surrounding the recent clinical trials conducted in Indore.\"Irregularities were found in the clinical trials conducted there and the state government needs to explain what action has been taken against the doctors involved,\" he said.The drug controller general of India (DCGI) had recently issued a stern show cause notice to five doctors of Indore's Mahatma Gandhi Medical College for not following good clinical trials (GCT) norms, while conducting clinical trials on 241 patients visiting the College's psychiatry ward.Notices had also been sent to three companies - Cadilla, Mcure and Intas - to explain the deficiencies at the earliest.The DCGI has threatened blacklisting of the doctors from all other trials they are involved in if they fail to reply at the earliest. Two hundred and forty one patients in Indore were subjected to clinical trials to check the efficacy of various drugs, including 42 for Dapoxetine, a drug used to cure premature ejaculation.An independent team of investigators sent by the DCGI submitted its report to the health ministry recently.The report has cleared the investigators of carrying out the trial on \"mentally ill\" patients. The investigating team however took serious cognizance to the fact that investigators did not posses with them the original informed consent forms.The forms were taken away by the sponsors of the trial, \"which is a serious offence\".A ministry official said, \"Most of the patients were suffering from erectile dysfunctions and were being treated by psychiatrists from that medical college. That is why they were visiting the psychiatric ward and not because they were suffering from any mental illness.\"\"However, show cause notices have been served on the doctors for the serious administrative lapses and deviation from GCT guidelines while carrying out the trial,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724303", "title": "'Pather Panchali\u2019s music is the best: Anoushka Shankar", "text": "Ahead of her February 4 concert in Kolkata, Anoushka Shankar says the sponsor culture in India is outrageousWhat is the scariest part of performing in Kolkata? Or is it a myth that Kolkatans really understand their music?It is not a myth by any means. But the belief can go far. Even if we are performing in a city like Chennai, every single person in the auditorium is not a music expert. When one is doing a classical show, the kind of people who turn up are the ones who really understand the music. It's bit of a test for the performer. But, when I am doing the \"Traveller\" show, I am happy to share my own music. Classical music lovers will appreciate the classical elements. But there is something for those who are not music expert or don't know anything about Flamenco. I want them to just listen and have fun.While Kolkata is known for its love for the arts, organizers claim that the city isn't that forthcoming when it comes to buying tickets. Why do you think this dichotomy exists?I am no expert on Kolkata but a similar situation happens in Delhi. It's frustrating when people don't spend enough on tickets. As an artiste, I feel people should support music. If people can spend lakhs and lakhs on a painting, what's the harm in spending a few hundreds on a concert ticket? In Delhi, I guess, people are used to passes. I see a rough transition happening though I would like to see more people supporting the arts by buying tickets. The sponsor culture in India is outrageous. They block all the front seats while music lovers are seated behind. Sometimes, people don't even show up and the front rows go empty. This only happens in India and that's crazy. There isn't enough direct connection between the musicians and the audience. Abroad, people patronize arts and the sponsors are present discretely somewhere at the back.You've composed a Bengali lullaby for \" Anna Karenina\". How much of Bengali music do you listen to on your iPod?I listen to very small amounts of baul and folk music. The Bengali music that I listen to is through Tanmoy (Bose). My father is in the loop as far as contemporary Bengali music is concerned. But I haven't really got a chance to listen to a lot. May be, I will pick up some when I am in Kolkata this time around.Panditji has composed for so many movies. Do you have any personal favourites?\" Pather Panchali\". Though there are many others that I like, I cherish his music for \"Pather Panchali\" as a film experience. The film and the music are married so well. There is not a single moment when you find one overshadowing the other.The last time around, you had spoken about the need for restoration of Uday Shankar's \"Kalpana\". What about preserving your father's old records?It's a very big and ongoing process. I find it overwhelming when I see how the work is being done. There are reels and reels of tapes of my father's that need to be looked after. Earlier, the tapes were not stored correctly and humidity would often affect them. Recently, my father's record label has started to bring out special re-releases of his earlier works.Lessons you receive from your guru change with time. At this stage in life, how is the teaching process of your father?It's very different and special now. It's very intricate when we do lessons together. He is usually playing freely and then, he asks me to play together. Sometimes, I repeat what he has played as I try to expand my musical vocabulary. It's a different feeling altogether. But such lessons are few and far between though I try to do so whenever we are in the same city.Your father is playing at a concert in Bangalore. Why is Kolkata been given a miss?One has to be very careful with his travel these days. The things worked out in Bangalore. Organizers can answer why Kolkata hasn't had his show. In fact, it's been more than three years since I performed in Kolkata.In the context of fusion shows in India, how is the music of \"Traveller\" different?The quality of crossover that I have done is not about casual fusion. There are times when I have come across fusion music in India which is very testosterone driven. Even though it's called crossover, the music often gets very loud at the end. My approach to music is very different. I want to have fun on stage where we combine the music of Spain with the dynamic and vivid Indian notes.Your hubby, Joe Wright, is filming \"Anna Karenina\" in Russia now. Are you planning to join him once the Indian leg of your tour is over?I've been touring quite a bit. I did 30 shows in Europe in 40 days. Then, I did this tour of India. I'll be taking a short break before going off to North America where I pack in 20 shows in 30 days. Zubin is in Delhi with my parents and it's -35\u00b0C in Russia now. Zubin and I will not be attending the shoot.Zubin isn't travelling with you to Kolkata. How does he behave when you leave him behind?Zubin is very social. Of course, we love being with each other. But I have noticed that the older he is getting, he is also becoming more aware. He is happy as long as he is taken care of.Finally, what's your take on India's obsession with Bollywood?Bollywood dominates all other forms of music. Abroad, it's different. There is music and there is cinema and sometimes, music is part of the film. But in India, the whole of the 20th century has seen music becoming an intrinsic part of movies. Today, things have gone slightly out of hand. Film music should be a slice of the pie and not the whole pie itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11725827", "title": "Congress, JD(S) flay corporation move to give land for BJP", "text": "HUBLI: Tension prevailed at the general body meeting of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation ( HDMC) for a while on Tuesday when JD(S) and Congress members opposed an alleged move to give land for the construction of BJP party office.Congress corporator Ganesh Tagargunti, who came down heavily on the corporation, said including a resolution in this regard in the agenda for the meeting was not acceptable.\"We oppose the corporation move including a resolution of giving land to the construction of the BJP office despite opposition for the proposal from Congress and JD(S) members,\" Ganesh Tagargunti said. Ganesh said the land was donated to the corporation by Basappa Shettar. Later the corporation reserved the site for the construction of Kannada Bhavan.However, the corporation later decided not to use the plot as it was not enough for Kannada Bhavan. Now, the corporation has unilaterally decided to include a resolution stating that the land will be given for the construction of BJP office in the city, he alleged.It is improper to give the donated land for the use of any political party according to the government policy, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720989", "title": "I lose control when drunk, says Meekin", "text": "BANGALORE: Former headmaster of Trio World School Paul Meekin told police on Wednesday he would lose control after drinking liquor. \"That's when I used to send lewd messages to students. It was the same problem I faced in Thailand ,\" Paul reportedly told investigating police officials. A senior police officer told TOI that his fingerprints would be sent to UK to check for matches in databases there.Trio World School, in a press release on Wednesday, stated: \"On continuation of enquiry about his past and verifying the documents submitted by Paul Meekin at the time of seeking employment, we got to know that the doctor of philosophy certificate of University of Sheffield dated January 27, 2004, is a fabricated document... He has also boasted to an ex-teacher that he has multiple passports with him.\"\"The Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights is inquiring into the violation of child rights. There was an apprehension that he would abuse our schoolchildren and run away and the Trio management had filed an FIR with the Kodigehalli police station. He has since been arrested,\" said public relations officer Bishwajeet Bhattacharya.Paul Meekin was dismissed on January 23 based on the allegations. \"Trio World School is committed to extend all help in the investigation,\" the press release said.About the schoolTrio World School, a private school, is situated on the Kodigehalli Main Road, just a 20-minute drive from the Bangalore International Airport towards the city. The school is \"within the formal British Key Stages, IGCSE and A-Level curriculum\", according to information available. The school has around 250 students - both boys and girls -- within the age group of 2.5 years to 18 years. The school is owned by the MCN Group.Potter claimPaul Meekin claimed to have taught Daniel Radcliffe who played the boy magician in the Harry Potter series, in a primary school in London . Meekin said he had taught Radcliffe science, but only for a short while. \"Daniel, a happy child, was already into acting and not too regular a student,\" Meekin had told TOI last August. The headmaster had not found time to watch all the Harry Potter movies, and had first identified Daniel in his debut movie, eating some cereal. Meekin would often mention his famous student in class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11724931", "title": "City to host railway sports meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An all-India railway athletic championship will kick off at Kalinga stadium here on February 3. The three-day event is being organized in the city by East Coast Railway (ECoR), which had also hosted the meet in 2005 and 2007.As many as 21 teams comprising about 600 athletes and officials are slated to participate, ECoR Sports Association president Dilip Kumar Samantray told mediapersons on Tuesday. He added that the star attractions will be nine Arjuna awardees, including former sprint queen P T Usha, J J Sobha, Joseph Abraham, S Geeta, Preeja Sreedharan and Krishna Poonia . Samantaray also unveiled a mascot for the occasion named \"Purva\" (a little rabbit).He said a torch relay will be taken out from ECoR Sadan, the headquarters of ECoR to Kalinga stadium at 11 AM. General manager (ECoR) Indra Ghosh will flag off the relay. Governor M C Bhandare has agreed to inaugurate the championship in the afternoon, he said.The railway official said the highlight of the opening ceremony will be an Odissi dance recital by a record number of 150 dancers from Odissi Dance Academy. In Olympic tradition, the medal-giving ceremony will be held as and when the finals of different events are over, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11724913", "title": "Bonda shadow on tribal fair", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The recent controversy over \"human safari\" of Bonda tribals has cast a shadow over the ongoing Adivasi Mela here. In the previous years, visitors would flock to see tribals in their traditional attires sitting outside model houses on the fair premises portraying the culture of various communities. This year, the tribals have been instructed not to do so.\"Tribal girls sat in front of models of their conventional houses only on the first day of the mela on January 26. We have been strictly directed not to make them do so thereafter,\" said an official of the Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA).The whole controversy kicked off over a travel operator's advertisement of tours offering tourists a close view of heavily beaded, nearly naked Bonda tribals. Police have booked two tour operators of the agency. Overcautious after the row, authorities have decided not to \"exhibit\" the tribals and their lifestyles at the fair.A total of 40 tribes from 12 districts are participating in the annual fair this year, including Mankidia tribe, whose total population would be less than 400 in the state. There are 29 models of tribal huts on the fair ground, including those of eight primitive tribes such as Bonda, Bidai, Juang, Dongria Kondh, Pahadi Kharia, Lodha, Soura and Lanjia Soura.\"We did not want them to be specimens. We wanted them to mingle with each other for better cultural exchange so that they also enjoy their life,\" said Dr Parmanad Patel, coordinator of the mela and a research officer at the Academy of Tribal Language and Culture (ATLC). Patel, however, downplayed the Bonda controversy, saying the decision to abolish the custom had nothing to do with it.A Bonda house at the fair depicted a \"sindhibar\" (an elevated podium), an \"aintura\" (a place for gram sabha), a lesing (a fishing net made of bamboo) and a \"dhangedi basa\" (a separate room of young girls). \"The model has been a huge crowd puller,\" said Jugal Kishore Ransingh, welfare extension officer of the Bonda Development Agency (BDA).A few metres away from the tribal houses, self-help groups of Bonda girls were selling solar lights at the fair. \"We have sold lanterns worth Rs 15,000 in the past few days,\" said Chhaonki Kirsani, a Bonda girl. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik was among the buyers, she added. The girls were enjoying their time at the fair. Another girl, who was at the counter of the self-help group marketing solar lanterns, was also named Chhaonki Kirsani. \"We were born on Saturday. That's why we have the same name,\" one of them said.Though traditionally the fair is held for a fortnight, this year it will be a shorter one. It will end on February 5. The decision to cut it short by four days was taken to enable the participants go back and vote in the panchayat polls beginning on February 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720259", "title": "Development projects take a toll in K-east", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of K-East ward are paying an onerous price for development. Ongoing projects such as the Metro have turned the once peaceful residential area into an archetype of disorder that is perennially suffering from traffic snarls, poor drainage and accumulating debris.K-East-which includes the neighbourhoods of Andheri (East), Vile Parle (East), Jogeshwari (East) and Marol-has more than 8 lakh residents, making it the most populous of the city's 24 administrative wards. This crowdedness, coupled with slum encroachments and slow-moving projects, has stretched civic amenities like water supply and waste management.Activists blame the multiplicity of agencies and their out-of-sync work for the muddle. \"Take any project and you will see how it is affected due to the lack of coordination among government agencies. Unsound decisions have been taken that have impacted the people of this ward,\" said James John, coordinator of Action for Good Governance and Networking in India.It does not help that government agencies do not engage with residents before launching or modifying projects. \"The agencies simply do not believe in talking to the public. Of course people will be left clueless about the developments in their area if there is no consultation,\" said John.On top of K-East residents' complaints is the snail-like pace of work on Andheri-Kurla road for the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar Metro line. BJP corporator Ujjwala Modal said, \"Traffic is a major problem due to Metro construction\". The debris from the construction is inconsiderately left on the wayside, which clogs the drainage system, causing water logging during the monsoon.Former Air India official and Andheri (East) resident Ramesh Pandit said, \"The debris from the Metro work is dumped all over, choking the drains. Obviously, the area will get flooded during the monsoon. Footpaths are also covered with debris. Walking or driving on this road is a nightmare.\"The ambitious project to rehabilitate more than 85,000 families who have encroached on 276 acres of airport land is also moving unhurriedly. Residents complain that squatters are draining the area's already scarce civic amenities. \"The biggest problem in my area is encroachment along the Marol pipeline. It needs to be cleared of encroachments but the case on rehabilitating people post-2000 is pending in the Supreme Court. People often complain of contaminated water supply.\"Encroachments in certain areas, residents bemoan, add to the chaos on roads. Vile Parle (East) resident Gitanjali Kulkarni said, \"Traffic congestion is a big problem in Vile Parle market. There is hardly any space to walk and the area lacks pavements. On weekends, the area is a mess. The roads invariably develop many potholes during the monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ravulapalem (east godavari)", "code": "11719340", "title": "One more Ambedkar statue defaced", "text": "RAVULAPALEM (EAST GODAVARI): The desecration of Ambedkar statues in the state continues with another one defaced at Lakshmi Polavaram in Ravulapalem mandal, early on Wednesday.Dalit organisations staged a protest and shouted slogans against the government for failing to stop the desecration of statues.Meanwhile, some miscreants put a garland of slippers around an Ambedkar statue in Jalapur in Nizamabad mandal but the police succeeded in pacifying irate locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720780", "title": "Palestinians learn from Gujrat's inclusive education model for differently-abled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is a nation that has been born out of conflict and has yet to establish a model of education for including the children with special needs. Palestine, the state vying for global recognition as a country, is now looking at Gujarat's education system and its established institutions to take a cue. A team of senior education department officials are on visit of the state to get first-hand experience of how differently-abled children in Gujarat are included in mainstream schools.A delegation consisting of Shifaa Sabe Ahmed Shaikh, director, special education , Khadija Abbas Darwesh, national coordinator of education for visually impaired, Hana Qaimary, director general of affairs of people with disabilities, all from Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education (MOEHE), are on state visit from February 1 to 4. On Wednesday, the team visited Blind People's Association (BPA) campus at Vastrapur.Talking about the visit, Bhushan Punani, executive director, BPA, told TOI that Palestine is part of International Council for Education of People with Visual Impairment (ICEVI) of which he is west Asia regional chairperson. \"The team had heard about developments taking place in India and especially Gujarat and had expressed wish to visit the facilities. There are two purposes to the team's visit - observing how the special children are integrated in mainstream and understanding training of educators for special children,\" he said.The team will meet senior state officials to get an understanding of educational framework, the facilities and infrastructure for differently-abled and how children with physical or mental disability are educated. The team will also visit schools in Ahmedbad and Kapadvanj to see classrooms in action. The delegates have already visited Rehabilitation Council of India (RCI), the apex body for differently-abled in the country at New Delhi.\"Possible collaboration will be discussed after their visit to various facilities,\" said Punani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724269", "title": "Genelia D'Souza &amp; Riteish's wedding a star-studded ceremony", "text": "The big fat Bollywood wedding started off with a star-studded sangeet ceremony. Mumbai Mirror gets you the special moments from the eveningRiteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza's wedding festivities began on January 31 with the sangeet ceremony held at a suburban Mumbai five star. While the bride-to-be Genelia glowed with happiness, Riteish played the doting groom-to-be to his lady love. And though the evening had its minor glitches, the festive spirit of Riteish and Gen made up for it all. Mumbai Mirror brings you the highlights of the evening.Wives' club drop outMalaika Arora Khan, who arrived dressed in her signature golden bikini top and a navy blue net saree, was snubbed by the star wives present at the do namely, Tanya Deol, Seema Khan, Gauri Khan and Maheep Kapoor. The only people who kept her company was sister Amrita, Aditi Govatrikar and husband Arbaaz. The evening did not get any better, when Malaika was literally saved by an inch from suffering a wardrobe malfunction.Caught on the wrong footMalaika excited about beginning her dance act lifted her arms and almost gave the audience an eyeful. Thanks to her friends in the audience, what could have been a repeat of Carol Gracias' most memorable walk on the ramp, was neatly averted. Farah Khan Ali, however, did not have such helpful friends. Farah's wardrobe met with its logical outcome when she went on stage to dance.The unlikely hostKaran Johar coordinated it. And Shah Rukh Khan lent his voice for the commentary. But the one who organized the entire affair was neither from the D'Souza or the Deshmukh clan. Vashu Bhagnani, whose daughter Honey is soon to be married to Riteish's brother Dheeraj was the man behind the entire event.The missing actRiteish's friends Aftab Shivdasani and Ashish Chaudhari put up a rather entertaining act with life size cutouts of the bride and groom-to-be. However, members of Riteish's boy gang Zayed and Fardeed Khan, who were supposed to shake a leg as well for their friend failed to turn up for the party altogether.The 'high' lightBobby Deol in high spirits was seen sipping soup out of a rather small bowl. But Sanjay Dutt came to the rescue and was heard telling Bobby to 'control'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720122", "title": "Complaint against posting of magistrates", "text": "JAIPUR: A complaint has been filed with the Chief Justice of the Rajasthan High Court alleging that several magistrates have been posted in those courts where they have earlier practiced as a lawyer and as per Section 480 of Code of Criminal Procedure, they cannot be posted in that court.\"The magistrate is asked to disclose his home town but generally officials do not ask them their previous place of practice as a lawyer and all those lawyers who have practiced in a local area are being posted in the same place in violation of Section 480 of CrPC,\" alleged advocate Ajay Kumar Jain, who made a complaint against these postings to the Chief Justice.Section 480 of CrPC mandates that no pleader who practices in the court of any magistrate shall later sit as a magistrate in that court or in any court within the local jurisdiction of that court.It was highlighted in the complaint that Shilpa Sameer, additional chief metropolitian magistrate (ACMM) No. 8, Jaipur City, Pawan Kumar Singhal, ACMM No. 11, Jaipur, Pawan Kumar Garg, ACMM No. 3 and Sangeeta Tripathi, additional district and sessions judge, Jaipur all have practiced in Jaipur courts before being appointed as magistrates.When contacted, principal private secretary to Chief Justice R S Kulhari avoided making any comment on the contents of the complaint. However, he did not denied receipt of the complaint by his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721515", "title": "CUB, Advantage join hands", "text": "PATNA: Central University, Bihar (CUB) has entered into an agreement with Advantage Media Academy (AMA) under which the CUB students of broadcast journalism will do their practical courses in the studio of AMA.Also, the CUB students pursuing course of communication and soft skill will attend classes in AMA.The agreement was signed in the presence of CUB vice-chancellor Janak Pandey, OSD Wing Commander Shrikant Mishra and faculty members Kinsukh Pathak and Archana Kumari besides AMA director Khurshid Ahmad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11721558", "title": "Kiwi grows in popularity among farmers", "text": "SHIMLA: Horticulturists in the state are getting into crop diversification in big way. Kiwi (fruit), which fetches a high price in the market because it is considered exotic, is being preferred by many growers over the traditional apple.Senior scientist at regional station of National Bureau of Plant Genetic Resource (NBPGR), J C Rana said, \"Kiwi was introduced in the state by this station way back in 1963. But its cultivation picked up in past few years after it was promoted by different horticulture universities and institutes.\"Rana added farmers in the mid-Himalayan areas of Shimla, Kullu, Sirmaur, Solan, Mandi and Kangra had taken to cultivating this and an elevation of 800 to 1,500 metre above sea level was considered suitable for it.\"This green-fleshed fruit's five main varieties are Allison, Bruno, Abbot, Hayward and Monty. We are also making efforts to introduce the yellow-flesh patented variety in Himachal Pradesh as that is very popular abroad. Since the vine fruit is planted in January-February, we have a lot of demand for it now. We have provided nearly 400-500 cuttings of it to farmers this year,\" he added.A farmer in Jubbal area of Shimla district, Prem Sukh, who had taken up cultivation of exotic fruits more than a decade back, said, \"We started growing kiwi on experimental basis some 12 years ago. There were hardly any buyers for it then. But our patience has paid off, as now, the demand for it has risen in fruit markets of Delhi, Punjab and Mumbai. It fetches good returns in local market also and tourists also like to buy these.\"Senior marketing officer S K Chaudhary of horticulture department, Shimla, said, \"Currently, 123 hectares in the state are being utilized for kiwi cultivation. That was 120 hectares in 2009. In all, 22 hectares in Shimla district are under kiwi fruit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11724100", "title": "PDF discusses formation of non-Congress government", "text": "IMPHAL: Barely five days after Manipur went to polls to elect 60 legislators for the tenth assembly, leaders of the political parties comprising the grand opposition pre-poll alliance, Peoples' Democratic Front (PDF), have begun discussing strategies to form a new non-Congress government.Though the ruling Congress is confident of winning absolute majority and forming the next ministry for the third consecutive term, the front partners have spelt out their respective assessment figures, all putting the Congress's successful seats below 30.PDF, which was formed with the primary target of taking on and defeating the ruling Congress, comprises five parties - the regional Manipur People's Party (MPP), NCP, JD(U), CPI(M) and RJD.Forty-three common candidates of the front fought last Saturday's election, which went of peacefully in the valley but was marred by violence in the hills. The ECI has ordered repoll in 34 booths in the five hill districts of Chandel, Churachanpur, Tamenglong, Ukhrul and Senapati.\"Leaders of the four constituent members of the PDF, including me, convened an informal meeting yesterday to chalk out strategies to form a non-Congress government. As per our assessment, over 25 common PDF candidates will come out victorious. This means that other likeminded parties will definitely join us to push down the Congress and form a new government,\" Manipur unit NCP president Rahabinod Koijam said on Wednesday.Koijam, who is also the opposition leader and a former chief minister of the state, said so far they are yet to talk to non-Congress parties like CPI, Trinamool Congress and Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP), which are not members of PDF.\"In our next meeting, we will discuss deeply how other non-PDF members can be grouped together to achieve our target,\" said Koijam.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11721927", "title": "Maoists' plan to form Tadoba Dalam failed?", "text": "Chandrapur: The plans of Maoists to form a dalam in jungles of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) seem to have failed due to lack of people's support and patches of villages in the jungles around the area, according to police sources.Strong evidence of Naxals' plans to constitute a dalam for villages in and around TATR to regain their lost foothold in Chandrapur had surfaced after the arrest of state committee member of CPI (Maoist) Bhimrao alias Bhanu alias Bhaskar Bhovte by Gondia police in December 2010.He had admitted that a survey was carried out in TATR and surrounding villages with the intention of forming a dalam. tnnMaterial recovered during the raids carried out on Naxal dens in Mul and Sindewahi following the arrest of Bhovte also confirmed that the Tadoba area was surveyed.Documents having mention of the names of several villages located in and around the tiger reserve where Naxals had paid a visit to gauge the people's sentiments and geographical topography were also recovered during the raids.However, Naxals' plans to form Tadoba dalam have not materialized. \"As per information, Naxals have not got success in constituting a dalam for Tadoba Andhari tiger reserve. Although they tried they failed to garner support from people,\" said SP Suvez Haque.Moreover, geographical location of TATR proved unfavorable for operating such a dalam. \"Tadoba is surrounded by many villages having long stretches of fields around which interrupts continuous patches of jungle and it is strategically unfavourable for them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11722145", "title": "\u2018Are Kolkatans becoming cowards?\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Surprised that the latest bid to throttle free speech had failed to provoke a city never shy of a protest, an angry Taslima Nasrin asked on Wednesday, \"Kolkatar lokera ki kapurush hoye jachchhe? (Are Kolkatans becoming cowards?) \"\"It's a shame for Bengal,\" the author told TOI hours after Kolkata Book Fair cancelled the release of the seventh part of her autobiography, 'Nirbasan' . Nasrin said it had brought back the painful memories of 2007 when she was forced to leave Kolkata, a city she refers to as home. \"I never thought this could happen at the book fair. But then, what was unthinkable in Kolkata has already happened once. I was thrown out of the city as some fundamentalists triggered riots on November 22, 2007,\" she said.Nasrin still believes the city will welcome her back. \"I am optimistic I shall be allowed to go to Kolkata and stay there as I do not have any other place to stay. India is my only place. I still feel Kolkata is my home and I shall be allowed to live in peace there.\"She lashed out at radicals for creating an environment of fear. \"I fear the fundamentalists can create a ruckus at the stall of my publisher and can vandalize it. 'Nirbasan' is based on the incidents that forced me to leave Kolkata and how I was taken to Jaipur and then to Delhi under house arrest,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11725222", "title": "Pipili girl's not improving, SCB tells HC", "text": "CUTTACK: There has been no significant improvement in the health condition of the 19-year-old Pipili gangrape victim, SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities told the Orissa high court on Wednesday.In pursuance of the high court directions, the hospital authorities filed a status report on the health condition of the victim. The report cited that the victim was suffering from fever and there was no significant improvement in her health condition. The victim is not responding to verbal commands, either. However, her blood pressure was normal and her vital organs were stable, the report said.Similarly, the crime branch also submitted a status report to the division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra.The crime branch report said polygraph tests of all the four accused had been conducted, and the four were lodged in the Nimapada jail. It further stated that a team of doctors from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) had examined the victim and helped the crime branch in the investigation process. It also mentioned that a team of forensic experts from SCB Medical College and Hospital had visited the place where the incident occurred. The crime branch was awaiting the reports of the visit.\"The court has fixed the next date of hearing of the case after a week, and directed the SCB hospital and the crime branch to file status reports,\" said Prabir Das, the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722885", "title": "Chennai Corporation collects, recycles plastic waste to build swank new roads", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation is urging residents to part with their plastic waste. It has so far collected just 100 tonnes of plastic waste,while about 800 tonnes are required to relay roads in the city.The corporation now plans to take out advertisements and make appeals throughtheelectronic media tocreate awareness aboutthe drive. The city generates about 300 tonnes of plastic waste every day.Since January 5, when the laying of plastic-coated bituminous roads began, the civic body has been urging residents to hand over segregated plastic waste to conservancy workers at their doorstep. Special bins, particularly for plastic waste, were installed in all 200 wards.\"We are getting more plastic than we did a few weeks earlier, but we require a lot more,\" said commissioner P W C Davidar.The collection drive in the old zones has not gone too welleither. \"Asof now,wecollect about two-three tonnes twice a week from eight zones,\" said Davidar.The commissioner stressed the need for good quality, thin plastic. \"We need plastic that is 40 microns thick, which in layman's terms means carry bags,\" he said.The civic body has been buying plastic at 20 per kg from private manufacturers. Now, it is planned to increase awareness among the public. \"We are doing our bit through the media, and requesting councillors andofficers to speak to residents. We are also thinking of starting announcements and putting out advertisements through the radio and other media,\" said Davidar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721369", "title": "117 candidates file nominations", "text": "LUCKNOW: A total of 117 candidates filed their nomination on Wednesday for the fifth phase of assembly election in Uttar Pradesh. So far, 271 persons have filed their nomination. Of the candidates who have filed their nomination, 10 belong to Bahujan Samaj Party , 12 to Bharatiya Janata Party , 14 from Congress, one of CPI, 2 of NCP, 10 from Samajwadi Party and 122 independent candidates.Last date for filing nomination for the fifth phase is February 4. Scrutiny for the candidature will be done on February 6, while the last date for withdrawing names is February 8, 2012. Voting for the fifth phase will be on February 23.Meanwhile, the process of filing nominations for the sixth phase of state assembly elections comprising 68 assembly constituencies in 13 districts will begin on Thursday. The nomination process will start at 11.00 am just after the issuance of the notification, said joint chief electoral officer Anita C Meshram. She said that in the sixth phase the filing of nominations would begin for 13 districts in four divisions viz Saharanpur, Meerut, Aligarh and Agra comprising Saharanpur, Prabudh Nagar, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut, Bagpat, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddh Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Mahamayanagar, Mathura and Agra districts. The joint CEO informed that that 2.11 crore voters would exercise their right to franchise in the sixth phase in which the total number of males are 1.18 crore, while the female voters are 94 lakh. She said that the nominations can be filed on all working days from 11.00 am to 3.00 pm.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724653", "title": "Ajith's warm, Vijay's cool: Vidyut Jamwal", "text": "... reveals Vidyut Jamwal, who is working with both the actors simultaneously in Billa 2 and ThuppakiPlaying villain to Ajith and Vijay at the same time is a big challenge for any actor. And Vidyut Jamwal seems to enjoying every moment of it. The actor, who is simultaneously shooting for Billa 2 and Thuppakki, is excited about sharing screenspace with two of the reigning stars in the Tamil film industry.\"It's a heady feeling when you oppose Ajith and Vijay onscreen at the same time. And I think I'm lucky to have the opportunity to interact with the two of them. While Ajith is a very warm person and goes out of his way to make you comfortable, Vijay is super energetic, cool and has no airs of being a star,\" he begins.The actor shot a very 'chilling' action scene for Billa 2 in Georgia recently, and claims it will be one of the highlights of the film. \"This is the kind of action sequence that usually features in a Hollywood flick, and when you see it on screen, you get goosebumps! I was wondering how Ajith and I would be able to fight when the snow was falling heavily and covering the roads. I thought it was humanly impossible to shoot, but Ajith and director Chakri were meticulous and prepared well for it. It's probably a first for an Indian film, and I'm happy I will be part of this attempt,\" he says.In the days that he spent shooting with Ajith, the actor claims he has become a fan of his. \"He can talk about everything under the sun. He has a good knowledge of food, fashion and health. He's someone who's comfortable with his body and is both fit and agile,\" he certifies.Vidyut is quick to add that he finds Vijay equally amazing as a person. \"I have just started shooting with him. But he's such a revelation. Despite having huge fan following and having achieved a cult status in K-Town, he remains grounded,\" he adds.The actor recently won the Best Male Debut Award at the recently-held Filmfare for his performance in Force, a remake of Kaakha Kaakha. Ask him if he plans to sign on more films down south, given that they are proving lucky for him, and he signs off by saying, \"I'd love to, but I haven't received any interesting scripts till now. But I will soon be making an announcement regarding my next big Bollywood project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722930", "title": "Kuchipudi festival inaugurated", "text": "CHENNAI: The various facets of Kuchipudi, the classical dance form from Andhra Pradesh, will be explored during a two-day festival at Kalakshetra.Samavesh 2012-I nsightsintoKuchipudiwasinauguratedby governor K Rosiah on Wednesday. Kuchipudi derives its name from a village near Srikakulam, which was the capital of Satavahana dynasty, said the governor. The dance form with its blend of classical music and dance has a well-defined grammar that covers myriad human expressions, he said. At the festival, organised by Kalakshetra, South Zone Cultural Center and Aseema Trust, artists depict the different aspects of Kuchipudi through their performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721073", "title": "Father, son accused of beating up DPS security man on the run", "text": "GURGAON: The police have launched an investigation in the case of brutal attack on a security supervisor by a class XI student and his father at DPS Sushant Lok on Monday.The CCTV footage provided by the school clearly shows that the father-son duo thrashed the security guard with baseball bats. The school administration has also showed CCTV footage to media persons.Around 3.30pm on Monday, the security supervisor, 52-year-old Avdesh Sharma was posted at gate number 1. As a representative of Trig Security Company he had been posted in the school for the last two years. In his complaint to the police, the victim said that the student, Mohit Yadav, had parked his car in front of the school gate at a time when school buses had to move out of the premises. When he asked the student to move his car from the gate, he got angry and threatened to beat him.Around an hour later, the student returned with his father and forced open the main gate. They started beaten up Sharma with baseball bats.\"We have received the CCTV footage from the school. We are examining it carefully. It clearly shows that the accused had mercilessly beaten up the security supervisor with base ball sticks. When we went to question the accused student and his father, we learnt they have gone absconding. If they don't report to police soon, we will trace them down and arrest them,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO of sector 29 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11722359", "title": "DC rake to have last Western Railway run on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: An era will come to an end as the Direct Current (DC)-compatible rake will run for the last time between Bandra and Churchgate on WR on February 4. WR will undertake the conversion of traction from DC to Alternate Current (AC) on February 5.Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer (WR) said, \"This is going to be a historic day as DC-compatible trains will not ply WR's network after the conversion of the Churchgate-Vile Parle section into AC traction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719950", "title": "3-member panel to probe Dhanda\u2019s charges", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Justice of AP High Court Madan B Lokur has appointed a three-member committee to investigate the claim of sexual harassment leveled by Prof Amita Dhanda, a senior faculty member of Nalsar Law University against Prof Veer Singh, vice-chancellor of the institution.The order to form the committee was issued late on Tuesday night by the chief justice.The members of the committee will be Minnie Mathew, special secretary to government, AP, Rachel Chatterjee, chairman, Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission and Sudarshan Reddy, Advocate General.The committee is expected to submit a report within a month. Dhanda had made a complaint to the chief justice asking him to take action against Singh on December 27, 2011 citing Veer Singh's official communication and charged him with \"criminal defamation, sexual harassment and misconduct\".Singh had denied the allegation stating that Dhanda \"misinterpreted his communication and it is abnormal to see a sexual connotation in the same\".Sources close to the complainant said that the committee has been constituted at a time when Dhanda had made it public that she would approach the Supreme Court with the case if AP High Court fails to take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11720859", "title": "I am ashamed of tie-up with DMDK: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bitter parting of ways, CM and AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa and actor and DMDK leader Vijayakanth clashed in the TN assembly on Wednesday. Shutting the doors on her estranged ally, Jayalalithaa said it was a mistake to have aligned with the DMDK. \"I regret it, I am ashamed of it,\" she said after a fiery verbal clash with the DMDK leader. She said the DMDK's good times \"has ended and it will now be on a downslide\".Jayalalithaa's remarks came after an exchange with Vijayakanth over his claim that the AIADMK wouldn't have come to power without the help of his party. Jaya decribed Vijayakanth's behaviour as \"disgusting\".\"This house was a witness to all that the opposition leader spoke, the way he behaved in the house and the disgusting remarks he made on the floor of the assembly\", she said.\"Considering their unruly behaviour, they should have been suspended for the rest of the session. But the Speaker has taken only minimal action and referred the issue to the privilege committee,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725010", "title": "Daniel Radcliffe gets tobacco delivery", "text": "Daniel Radcliffe gets tobacco sent to him from England.The 22-year-old actor is currently living in New York and though he knows smoking is bad for him, he can't resist his favourite hand-rolled cigarettes, but has Golden Virginia tobacco sent out to him because he hates the US products.He said: \"I have to ship this in from home because you can't get good rolling tobacco here. It's all dry and c**py like you've emptied out a cigarette.\"I shouldn't really smoke. It's not great when you have to sing, obviously. At least with roll-ups you can keep tabs on what you put in, so I don't have to have a big fat cigarette every time. But that's just the way addicts rationalise - 'Oh this is much better for me.' \"Tobacco isn't the only thing about America which Daniel dislikes; he also took a swipe at the \"pretentious\" pronunciation used in the US.He complained to Britain's Esquire magazine: \"They pronounce things like the French. They say, 'filet' instead of 'fillet'. What's that about? And 'erb - they leave off the h. If it was one person saying it, it would be pretentious, but when it's the whole f***ing nation...\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720200", "title": "Institute trustee files complaint against Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: A founder trustee of Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) has accused Chhagan Bhujbal and his family, also trustees, of misappropriating Rs 177 crore of charitable trust funds as well as mismanaging and misusing the prime property at Bandra Reclamation.Sunil Karve, who co-founded the institute in 1989 with Bhujbal, filed complaints with the police commissioner and the economic offence wing of Mumbai Police on Wednesday, accusing Bhujbal of \"usurping an entire floor with terrace\" in the building for his family's residence in 2005 and 15,000 sq ft for his personal furniture business in violation of trust deed conditions. He also filed an application through his lawyer Sayaji Nangre with the charity commissioner to seek dismissal of Bhujbal, his wife Meena, son Pankaj and nephew Sameer as trustees. Karve said the Bhujbals had given an assurance that they would compensate the trust for the use of MET's premises, but \"nothing has been paid\".Chhagan Bhujbal said the complaint was \"politically motivated\" and timed \"intentionally just ahead of the civic elections\". He said Karve appeared to be trying to defame the trust.Laughing at the figure he is alleged to have misappropriated, Bhujbal said, \"Karve is a chartered accountant. Let him show where (the money is) or how (it was misappropriated). I am saddened by the allegations. But I haven't seen the complaints. I will be able to respond in detail after I do. Everyone knows our family resides in Ramtek. The (MET) premises are rest rooms where no one from the family resides. There is no business going on there. There may be furniture lying, but that's temporary.\"The property is with the Trust and it is not losing any revenue as alleged.\"About his daughter in law signing vouchers, he said she may have signed to flag off departmental expenses \"but final approval is by us (the trustees).\" He there is nothing wrong about naming the institute in his name. He was afterall a Trustee, wasn't he.The land on which the 10-storey building stands was given by the municipality on 30-year lease. The condition was for the land to be developed for an educational purpose only, Karve said in his 23-page complaint to the police chief. He said his role was to focus on academic initiatives and Bhujbal's to contribute financially. He said Bhujbal last September reneged on a promise to contribute Rs 25 crore to MET's Nashik campus, which he unilaterally named Bhujbal Knowledge City. Karve said this was a \"glaring example of personal greed\". He also accused Bhujbal of \"failing to keep accounts of the Nashik campus and not furnishing any details\". Karve said Bhujbal overnight named the Mumbai campus Bhujbal Knowledge Centre.Karve said the trust was dominated by Bhujbal's family: daughter-in-law Vishakha, who, though not a trustee, was \"signing vouchers and sanctioning payments\" and interfering with administration work; a furniture business promoted by her occupies the eighth floor, depriving the trust of a potential rent of Rs 30 lakh per month; trust funds were used for family and political functions. He alleged that Bhujbal \"categorically refused to change the composition of the trust even though the ICSE board has objected to the majority of trustees being from one family and not granted affiliation to Rishikul Vidyalaya set up by the trust.\"Bhujbal refuted all the allegations.The Trust property in Mumbai was mortgaged for Rs 41 crore to partly fund the Nashik campus in 2006, without permission from the Charity Commissioner. What got Karve's goat finally was that his letters the last of which was sent last week to be informed of accounts of the Nashik centre have gone unanswered by Bhujbal's son who has been appointed secretary and nephew Sameer, the treasurer. He also alleged that Sameer had an award ceremony picture in Rome , photo-shopped to include himself in the frame last July for press handouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720724", "title": "Army orders inquiry into assault on cops", "text": "PUNE: The army on Wednesday ordered a court of inquiry (CoI) into Tuesday evening's incident in which officers from the College of Military Engineering (CME) allegedly assaulted traffic police constables following an argument over two officers on a motorcycle using the Sambhaji bridge in violation of the no-entry rule there.The police have said that the officers not only assaulted the traffic constables but also summoned their other course mates from the CME to the spot and ransacked the nearby Sambhaji police chowky, besides roughing up other police personnel, including a woman constable.Some mediapersons and bystanders, who had gathered at the spot, were also allegedly assaulted by the army personnel during the two hours of high drama and chaos that prevailed at the busy Tilak chowk outside the police chowky.An official release issued on Wednesday by chief PRO, defence, Captain (retd) Manohar Nambiar, said, \"The officers involved in the incident have been debarred from leaving the CME premises, while the college higherups are coordinating with the local police in the investigation.\" However, none of the higher-ups from the CME or the Southern Command was available for comment on the issue. \"The CME commandant is busy in a meeting today and it will take some time before he is available to offer any comment on the issue,\" Lt Col Sunil Nair, PRO, CME, told TOI.A senior officer from the Southern Command said, \"The matter is being handled by the CME and we have nothing to comment as of now. The General Officer Commanding-in-Chief is not available for comment.\"The chief PRO's release said, \"Capt V Advait, with Lt AB Pandit as his pillion, was riding his motorcycle to the market and passed through the Sambhaji bridge. Since the bridge was not open to two-wheeler traffic, which the young officers were unaware due to no prominent signposting, they were stopped at the end of the bridge by a lady traffic constable around 7.30 pm on Tuesday.\"\"The constable asked them to park the bike to a side and pay the required fine, to which they agreed,\" the release said. \"With the bike parked aside, as they introduced themselves as army officers, the lady constable took the keys while a second male constable started abusing Capt Advait, roughing and manhandling him,\" the release added.\"The constable kept stating that since he was once roughed up for travelling without a helmet in an army area, he would do the same,\" the release stated. This entire episode happened between 7.30 pm and 8 pm.\"Meanwhile, other police personnel started converging on the location. The officers informed their course mates regarding the incident. Senior instructors of the course were also informed of the incident. The officers' course mates arrived at about 8.10 pm and went inside the police chowky to meet the constable. Realising that the constable was still aggressive and continuously abusive, the officers had an exchange of words with the constable,\" the release said.Senior police officers arrived at the chowky around 8.40 pm and the military police also came there a few minutes later. \"Four of the instructors arrived at the scene around 9 pm and took control of the situation over the next 30 minutes. The officers were told to vacate the area with which they complied,\" the release said.The release said, \"The local people and the media had gathered outside the police chowky. The media was trying to get information and clicking photos which was objected to by the officers. The media and locals started heckling and obstructing them while the police and military police were trying to disperse the officers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721694", "title": "RSS chief arriving on 'prawas yatra'", "text": "PATNA: Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat is arriving here on his five-day 'prawas yatra' in south Bihar beginning on Friday and would make his first public appearance to address a meeting of 'sangh' workers at the 'Shakha Maidan' in Rajendra Nagar locality here on Sunday.RSS state in-charge Nawal Prasad said that the RSS chief embarks on 'prawas' journey in every state once a year, when he interacts with the local workers and representatives of affiliated organizations to discuss things with them. It was in this connection that the RSS chief is arriving here on Friday morning for five-day stay here, he added.According to Prasad, Bhagwat would address a day-long meeting of those saddled with the task of executing the RSS activities. It would be followed by a meeting on Saturday of workers from several areas associated with Vidya Bharti, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, BJP, Saksham, Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh and Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, among others.On Sunday, he would also hold an extended meeting with the local RSS leadership that would end on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719133", "title": "Babu sacked for sexual harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: In perhaps the first such case in the country, Maharashtra government has sacked a senior bureaucrat on charges of sexual harassment. Labour welfare commissioner Mohan Dhotre, a Class I officer, had been facing a probe since 2003 which ended with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan giving his consent to the dismissal. The state administration served the sack order on Tuesday.Following an inquiry initiated against Dhotre, in 2003, the labour welfare commissioner then approached the Bombay high court, challenging the department's decision to conduct a probe. In 2004, the HC, while hearing the order, had allowed the inquiry to proceed but directed that no action be taken for four weeks if the probe report was adverse.\"The four week time began from January 31,\" said a senior labour department official. If Dhotre fails to approach court within the stipulated time, then the order will immediately come into effect, the official added.Reacting to the notice, Dhotre said, \"The inquiry against me was initiated in 2003. The departmental probe was completed in 2006. Thereafter showcause notice was served in 2008. I had appealed against the order. While hearing my appeal, the labour minister directed to stop two increments of mine, but the order was never implemented. I feel that injustice is being done to me as the labour department did not put all the facts pertaining to the case before the chief minister, who has given his approval for dismissing me from the service.\"When asked would he challenge the state government's notice, Dhotre said, \"I have not decided.\" In 2003, a female lower division clerk had accused Dhotre of sexual harassment. She alleged that the labour commissioner kept seeking sexual favours from her.Sanjeevani Kutty, an IAS officer then was in-charge of the state labour department conducted a probe and found Dhotre guilty. As the inquiry report kept moving at a snail pace from one desk to another in Mantralaya, the aggrieved women wrote to National Human Right's Commission which asked the state government to seek an explanation on the status of the case and inordinate delay in bringing the culprit to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720703", "title": "World Wetlands Day", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Several activities have been planned for children and adults alike at Gujarat Science City on Thursday to mark World Wetlands Day. The theme for two-day celebration on Thursday and Friday is wetland tourism and eco-education.The World Wetlands Day is being celebrated since 1997 every year on 2nd February worldwide to mark the anniversary of the signing of the Convention on Wetlands (Ramsar Convention) in Ramsar, Iran, on February 2, 1971. The Ramsar Convention provides a framework for international cooperation in the conservation and sustainable management of wetlands.\"The day will be celebrated to raise public awareness of wetlands value and benefit and promote the conservation and judicious use of wetlands for human health and development. Healthy wetlands are good for delivering quality ecosystem services for the benefit of people, while at the same time meeting the demands for water for growing crops, supplying energy and responding to the needs of industry,\" said a science city official.The activities planned include illustrative poster exhibition, screening of video films and slide shows on wetlands and its environmental significance for students and visitors. Poster and quiz competition on the theme of wetlands have also been organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721887", "title": "Nagpur University's PRO post falls vacant again", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's public relations officer's (PRO) post, which remained in limelight for all the wrong reasons due to criticism from media as well as NU bosses, became vacant from Wednesday, highly-placed sources revealed.In a major overhaul in NU's administrative set-up, the authorities had promoted four senior officers of assistant registrar's level. Among them was PRO Sanjay Bahekar who faced the wrath from NU bosses for his apparent failure to avoid negative reports emerging in media. The media too was critical of him as he failed to provide relevant information. 'No comments' was his favourite response to any query.Sources said Bahekar, who was entrusted with the additional charge of PRO section in 2007, was disinterested in taking it up as he was already burdened with full-time charges of NU's general administration department (GAD) and also of publication section.Though Bahekar confirmed the promotion news and declined to comment as usual, sources disclosed that he had already informed his seniors of relieving him of the charge. An unwell registrar Mahesh Yenkie was not available for comments.Along with Bahekar, who was elevated as deputy registrar (pre-exam), Anil Hirekhan, FK Bhagat and Sanjay Chimalwar were also promoted to NU's development, academic and college sections, respectively. While Hirekhan and Chimalwar were posted with the exam section, Bhagat was looking after college section earlier.With the university bereft of a PRO, students now have no place to go for guidance. The Nagpur University has never appointed a fulltime person in the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721320", "title": "'Sack Chidambaram', BJP asks PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Wednesday demanded that PM Manmohan Singh sack home minister P Chidambaram for his alleged role in the 2G scam , saying it was the only way Singh could restore his credibility after the delay by PMO in sanctioning prosecution of sacked minister A Raja in the same case.According to senior leader Murli Manohar Joshi , if Singh failed to immediately take appropriate action against the guilty, the needle of suspicion in the case would point at him as well.\"Sacking Chidambaram should be his (PM's) first step. Any delay will only lower his own credibility,\" Joshi, who is also the chairman of the Public Accounts Committee which is looking into the scam, said.Joshi insisted that action should be taken against officials involved in the matter, be they from the PMO, law ministry or the solicitor general's office.The BJP offensive against Chidambaram came a day ahead of the Supreme Court verdict on a petition seeking a direction for a probe into his alleged role. The judgment will be pronounced by a bench comprising Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly, which had reserved its verdict last year on the plea for probe against Chidambaram.Joshi alleged that PMO's role went beyond negligence of duty and appeared to be one of complicity as he hailed the SC order on the failure of the PMO to decide on sanction for Raja's prosecution. \"It is a very important judgment which has many dimensions and it has several implications for governance and accountability of the government,\" he said.On the \"inaction\" by PMO on the issue, Joshi said, \"Somewhere, the prime minister comes across as being responsible.\"Joshi maintained that it had come to light during hearing of the 2G case by the PAC that some officials were interested in keeping details of the case under cover. \"All this shows that all is not well with the government. Scams are taking place and people are being protected. Criminality and injustice is being encouraged. The Supreme Court comments in the case are very sharp,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11723585", "title": "Opposition has only sold Ram &amp; caste in 22 years: Rahul", "text": "BAHRAICH: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi lashed out at the opposition parties here on Wednesday for selling Ram, caste and religion for the past 22 years in the state. He urged the voters to give five years to the Congress which would put UP on the development map.\"These parties have looted your hard earned money, sold Ram, religion and caste and never talked about progress and development in the past 22 years,\" Gandhi said addressing an election meeting at a junior high school in Payagpur.He attacked the BJP for its India Shining slogan and Samajwadi Party for embracing former BJP leader Kalyan Singh during the last Lok Sabha election. Congress leader said his party has stood alone and has never embraced people like Kalyan Singh and would not do so ever.Rahul said he would not budge till UP is put on the path of development and added that there was a need to think about the future of the state.Establishing a direct contact with the audience, Rahul sought the names of a few and got others to raise their hands during his address.Rahul told the gathering that it was due to his late father Rajiv Gandhi's vision that mobile phones reached every part of the country.Rahul Gandhi said the Congress pumps money through schemes in UP but the BSP's magic elephant eats it. But now this elephant will be moved out from Lucknow, he said.Targeting the Samajwadi Party, Rahul said three-time chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav has punctured the hopes of the poor.People dreamt of fighting the British and threw them out, Congress leader said, adding that the present leaders of the state do not think about the future and only concentrate on how to loot state funds.The Congress leader asked the youth to think of the tomorrow and realise their strengths. The day youth will started doing it, no one would be able to stop the progress of the state, Rahul added.He said farmers, labourers and common people have taught him more than he got to learn from his education in US and England. Seeking people's support for the Congress, he asked them not to judge him by his words but by his work.\"Mulayam speaks more and delivers less,\" Rahul said, adding that, \"Both the SP and the BSP talk only about cycle and elephant and are not concerned about the development of Uttar Pradesh.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11726766", "title": "MPBSE yet to start pre-board counselling", "text": "BHOPAL: With less than a month to go for Class X and XII examinations, the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) has yet to start its official pre-exam counselling helpline for students writing the board exams. Board sources said the file is moving from the desk of one officer to another for the past one month thus delaying the start of service .In contrast, the Central Board of Secondary Education began helpline on February 1 to address the issue of exam-related anxieties among students and parents.In the past too, the board had been somewhat lax with the helpline. In 2010, the helpline service started from January 7. In that year, the response was good with the board receiving around 25,000 calls. A year later, the service had begun from February 15, giving hardly 12 days to students to take advantage of counselling. In that year, the number of calls had dropped to around 5,000.Board Office Public Relations Officer (PRO) SK Chourasia said, \"Generally, the helpline service begins around middle of February. The helpline service begins once the admit cards are distributed. The students then call up to ask about exam centres, timing and other such issues.\"As for delay in starting the service, he asked \"What is the use of starting a helpline early? Now, is the time for students to study rather than call counsellors. Ten or fifteen days are more than enough to address exam-related issues.\"Sohag Chakraborty, senior teacher, Government Kamla Nehru Girls' School said, \"Many times, children are shy to approach teachers for fear of a backlash. A helpline offers anonymity and is quite useful for introvert children. These children can clear their doubts effectively with the help of the helpline service.\"She said, \"Not just children, even parents call many times on the helpline. It is assuring for some as it does not involve direct interaction.\"This year, around 15 lakh students from Madhya Pradesh are writing the board exams, 9.25 lakh for class X and 5.5. lakh for class XII.In 2010, the helpline service started from January 7. In that year, the response was good with the board receiving around 25,000 calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11725442", "title": "Milk vendor knocked dead", "text": "MYSORE: A sexagenarian milk vendor from Siddalingapura was killed in a hit-and-run accident on Mysore-Bangalore road near Siddalingapura, 6km away from the city, on Tuesday.Marigegowda, 60, was returning home on foot when the tragedy occurred in Narasimha Raja traffic police limits around 5.45am. Police suspect it to be a heavy vehicle, which fatally knocked him down and they are investigating to trace the 'killer' vehicle.Marigegowda was dropping his wife at a bus stop as usual and was returning home, when tragedy struck. His wife travels to Mysore city with milk containers for business. Based on circumstantial evidence, police said the vehicle was moving towards Mysore from neighbouring Srirangapatna.Meanwhile, police have intensified investigation to trace the vehicle and are taking assistance of civil police. They are now chiefly dependent on CCTV footages for a clue. Security cameras are installed at two locations - Mysore-Bangalore road - ring road junction and at a check post near K R Mill building. According to an official, about two dozen vehicles, a majority of them are heavy duty vehicle, have passed the junction during the time and they are collecting all the details to zero in on the killer vehicle.Marigegowda is survived by his wife and two children, including a son.YOUTH HELD FOR THEFTSN R police arrested a youth, who escaped from legal custody, and recovered stolen valuables worth Rs 1 lakh from him on Tuesday. Arun Kumar (23) of Kesare had escaped from Mandya police custody while being taken to Mandya jail from a court on December 3. He has been accused in over a dozen theft cases reported in Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721516", "title": "Debate civic polls", "text": "The TOI Wednesday debate began by considering if the sudden flurry of activity from the civic body, including laying of roads or inauguration of various long-delayed projects, sways voters towards the ruling party. Some participants felt that voters are too savvy to be influenced by this show.Archana Nafde, who manages ESMS Security, said that the sudden activity was not important. \"I will consider the candidate's work over the last five years and not the show put on by the civic body. People understand when politicians make a huge show of something,\" she said.Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED) chairman Devendra Parekh said most candidates were known to the voters personally. \"So, the voting is individual centric. The corporator's work directly affects our life, so I always track the performance of my corporator. I agree that public memory is short, so the flurry of activity may sway some voters but they also remember whether the corporator was available when they needed his help in solving a civic problem,\" he said.Lalit Khullar, director of Tirpude College of Social Work, said, \"I don't think the very visible works at the last moment affect voters. The dominant factor would be what the candidates promise to do if elected. The slums and vote banks are developed and maintained over time and cannot be swayed with superficial works.\"Student Avantika Gupta said, \"The party seems more important for voters than individuals. Most youths do not even know the candidates in their wards.\" She got support from youngsters like software professional Aaswad Waghmare and students Sonam Kapat and Saket Moon.Khullar, however, differed. He said, \"The results do not show that. Alliances are needed because no single party is voted to power. Also, corporators cultivate their wards over time. This is the reason their wives get elected on their goodwill if the corporators are not able to contest for some reason like reservations.\"Gupta and Nafde added that though individuals were important, slum dwellers were frequently swayed by superficial activity and even things like distributing money. Parekh said, \"In national politics this is true. One never knows the candidate personally. Even very popular candidates have lost to a party-backed candidate. However, for local elections I would say individual gets 80% weightage while party 20%.\"Khullar interjected here, \"Actually, slum dwellers are not as naive as we believe. They are more responsible, in the way that they vote for a person who does their work. They will force him to provide water, power and other civic amenities. How many of us educated voters do that?\" Student Vedant Sharma said here, \"All these things are provided illegally in slums. So the corporator is actually aiding and abetting a crime.\"Parekh was for taking a humane approach saying such facilities were needed in the slums. Other participants, like Nafde and Khullar, too joined Parekh to point out that in the end it's the slum-dwellers who did the most labour intensive works for us.The debate participants were also asked to consider if the civic body in Nagpur had done well to make this a livable city. Moon said he considered the city to be quite well off. \"Most wards have all civic amenities. Corporators do respond if citizens take problems to them.\"Aaswad said, \"We have seen development in five years. Many gardens have come up. Though we are lacking in traffic management, we don't have congestion like in Mumbai and Pune.\" Gupta pointed out, \"Some projects are stuck due to politics, like Ram Jhula or even Mihan.\"Nafde though counted blessings that the city was safe to live in and traffic was not so bad as to make commuting a chore. Though she accepted this was possible only if one owned a vehicle, since public transport system had not improved as much as needed.Khullar listed water supply, sanitation, parks and crematoria as plus points of the city. \"However, we lack in local sports facilities, traffic and parking management. Also, the encroachment of public utility lands due to negligence of NMC and NIT is deplorable,\" he said.Parekh remarked that the city was livable courtesy the lack of development. \"Influx from rural areas or smaller urban centres is not much because there are no opportunities here. We have grown but not at the pace of Pune or Nashik, so we are blessed with good quality of life. Also, the character of people and the civic sense is still alive. We are also lucky to have good arterial and subsidiary roads with alternative connections. These factors have helped overcome the problem of multiple governing agencies, though North and South Nagpur areas are still lacking in many amenities,\" he said.All participants agreed though that the civic body had completely failed to provide proper health care and education facilities, its two major responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711464", "title": "Biji can do anything for love", "text": "Love has no boundaries and knows no fear and Biji Pandey aka Abbas Khan, is out to prove the same in the upcoming episodes of \" Lapataganj\".Biji-Surili's love story has finally led to marriage. Doctors will soon give a ray of hope to Surili when they suggest that her voice can be treated. The cost of the operation though is a big hurdle and Biji is determined not to let anything get in the way. Soon enough, he finds a way to earn some money.Dreaded fighter Kundan Singh ( Gaurav Chopra), has thrown an open challenge for anyone to face him in a lathhbaaji competition, and the winner will walk away with a cash prize of `1 lakh. No man has ever defeated Kundan. But Biji decides to take up the challenge. Sugandhi, Mukundi's father, comes to Biji's rescue and helps him train.Learning how to fight, Abbas revealed, \"It was a great experience and a rather challenging one since I had to train myself in this form of fighting to make the scene look authentic. But then Gaurav and I had a lot of fun and thoroughly enjoyed the lathh fights.\"The stage is set for an entertaining and action-filled bonanza for viewers. Will Biji win the prize money and help Surili get her voice back?To know what happens, tune in to \"Lapataganj\", Monday-Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11725322", "title": "Man dies in freak incident", "text": "KEONJHAR: A 40-year-old man died in a freak incident in Keonjhar district on Wednesday. He is Rohit Gagrai of Mayurbhnaj's Saleibeda village. The incident took place when Rohit's elder brother shot an arrow at a wild animal but it accidentally hit him. He was brought to Keonjhar district headquarter hospital. Though the doctors succeeded in pulling out the arrow, Rohit died during the operation. According to his family members, Rohit and his brother had gone to nearby forest within Mayurbhanj's Thakurmunda police limits to hunt. During the hunting, an arrow by mistake pierced Rohit's chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11721540", "title": "Naxal arms cache seized in Chandrapur", "text": "Chandrapur: The police have seized a small cache of arms and ammunition along with electronic equipments, which on assembling could help make explosive devices, in two separate raids in villages Talodhi-Balapur and Bolegaon on Tuesday.Raids were carried out on the basis of information given by hard-core Naxalite Maroti Kurwatkar, who was arrested a few days back.SP Suvez Haque said the raid was carried out at the residence of one Mithun Surpam, an autorickshaw driver. A bag kept in the custody of Surpam by Kurwatkar was recovered from the house.The raiding team recovered a small laptop, a USB pen drive, a computer hard disc, electronic fuses, transistor divot, rechargeable batteries, two magnetic compass, Naxal literature along with a book detailing how to handle the explosives.\"The electronic equipment recovered from the bag could be assembled to make a landmine or improvised explosive device. It is still not clear whether this material was meant for transportation to Gadchiroli or use in Chandrapur district,\" said SP Haque. He said Kurwatkar had posed as a distant relative of Surpam and urged him to keep the bag until his return.However, the raiding party led by SDPO Vaibhav Kalbarme was shocked on the recovery of two loaded 9mm pistols when they raided Prakash Sayam's house at Bolegaon.\"The bag was locked and Kurwatkar had threatened Sayam to keep it safe. Both the 9mm pistols kept in the bag were loaded. While one gun had eight rounds, the other had seven rounds. The 9mm gun is handed over to Naxalites with 10 rounds in its magazine. We are interrogating Kurwatkar to find out where the five bullets were used,\" said Haque.He said Kurwatkar was state committee member of CPI (Maoists) and acted as the right hand of state secretary Milind Teltumbde.\"Kurwatkar has claimed that he was going to hand over these materials to some persons he was to meet. We had got intelligence of four Naxalites visiting village Yori and Mudjha a couple of months back to watch Dandar, a folk programme. It is likely they were Kurwatkar's contact for delivery of material,\" he said.He added that police have three more days of police custody of Kurwatkar and they are optimistic of getting more information from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720351", "title": "Rs 2.82 lakh stolen in separate incidents", "text": "PUNE: Two persons were robbed of cash in different parts of the city on Tuesday afternoon.In both instances, the thieves told them they had dirt on their clothes and, under the pretext of helping them, stole their bags.The first incident took place at noon on JM Road. Sheela Deshpande (65) was on her way home after withdrawing Rs 20,000 from a bank, when a boy, around 15 years of age, told her she had dirt on her sari. He gave her water to clean it and while she was doing so, stole her bag.The other incident took place around 12.30 pm. The complainant, B B Ingle, an office boy with Ideal Road Builders, was told to deposit Rs 3 lakh in two different banks. Ingle deposited Rs 39,000 in a bank on the Paud roadand was going to deposit Rs 2.61 lakh at another bank in Mayur colony. Ingle had stopped at a petrol stationand filled his scooterand an unidentified person told him about dirt on his clothes. He gave Ingle water to wash off the dirt and while he was doing so, took the money from the scooter's dickey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11720677", "title": "Modi vs Modi: PDS body led by CM's brother under fire", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: It is not just a family feud. It is a battle of the Modis - one is the chief minister of Gujarat and the other heads a union of fair price shop owners. And, the fight is set to turn ugly.The Narendra Modi government on Wednesday came down heavily on the strike, which began on Wednesday, called by Gujarat Fair Price Shops License Holder Association (GFPSLHA), headed by chief minister's brother Prahlad Modi.Talking to newspersons soon after the weekly cabinet meeting, senior minister Narottam Patel warned that the state government would not hesitate to invoke Essential Services Commodities Act (Esma), and if need be Prevention of Black Marketing (PBM) Act, in case supply of essential commodities to the common people through 16,000 fair price shops is affected.Without naming the CM's brother, Patel, who is state civil supplies minister, said, \"According to the information that we have, the strike is a failure. The civil supplies system is continuing to function like before. Goods are reaching the shops on schedule. There is no question of going back from the state government's decision to go ahead with bar-coded ration cards.\"Patel said, \"The new ration card system will help completely root out bogus ration cards, which are rampant in the state. Already, we have had some success. As against 1.25 crore ration card holders till last year, today we have 1.09 crore ration card holders.\"Terming the strike by the fair price shop owners a \"stunt\", the minister said, \"We have spent Rs 10 crore for implementing the bar coded ration cards, through which the computer will automatically detect whether the person holding it is authentic. It has been implemented in one taluka in each district.\"The minister also rejected the demanded of the association that fair price shop owners be treated as government servants. \"This is simply impossible,\" he said.PDS portal launchedThe Gujarat government on Wednesday launched a public distribution system (PDS) transparency portal, containing the list of all 1.09 crore ration card owners, 16,000 fair price shop owners and 8,000 kerosene retailers. The portal - http://dcs-dof.gujarat.gov.in/ - has begun to create \"complete transparency in identifying persons who hold ration cards, even as giving details of the fair price shops where individual scan go and get the ration\", said state civil supplies secretary Raj Kumar . Calling it a means of \"social audit\", the top state official added, \"Anyone can verify her or his name on the ration card on this portal, and from where the ration can be obtained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720044", "title": "3 held in battered baby case", "text": "New Delhi: Police on Wednesday arrested the father of the 14-year-old girl who claimed to have been abused by him, forcing her to run away from home and land up in sex trade.Two others - a neighbour Pooja and her husband Sandeep Pandey - accused of pushing her into the trade, were also arrested.The teenager had, a day earlier, told the police of an ordeal of beatings and rape, which ended in her battering the two-year-old baby left with her by Raj Kumar , the last link in the chain of abuse.\"The father has been arrested for beating the child, often forcing her to go without food and abandoning her, forcing her to run away from home,'' said Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP (southeast). The trio, who were arrested from Govindpuri and Tughlaqabad, have been booked under various sections of the IPC and Juvenile Justice Act.Pooja, who hails from Sonagachi, Kolkata's red-light area, reportedly forced the teen into the trade after she refused to marry an old man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720603", "title": "Pune land scam: CBI to quiz retired Lt Gen", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after conducting searches at residential premises of former Army vice-chief Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj and others in a land dispute case, the CBI on Wednesday scrutinized the seized documents and computers and prepared to question the accused for their alleged roles of misconduct to benefit a Pune-based private builder to the tune of Rs 46 crore.The searches were conducted on Tuesday after CBI registered a case against Lt Gen Thamburaj, builder Kalpataru and former defence estate officer S R Nayyar.Sources in the agency said the CBI was preparing questions for the accused in the case on the basis of its investigation and the enquiry conducted by the Army, a copy of which along with the relevant documents had been handed over to the probe agency.CBI officials investigating the case, however, said all the accused seemed to have covered their tracks well after the Army inquiry.According to the CBI, Lt Gen Thamburaj, who was posted as General Officer Commanding in Chief of Southern Command, and Nayyar had allegedly shown undue favour to the builder for a property at Bungalow No. 8A, Lothian Road, measuring 0.96 acres of B-3 Defence Land at Pune Cantonment.\"There was a dispute going on regarding the property in question. Thamburaj and Nayyar settled the matter out of court inspite of several court orders given in favour of the Army. The duo indulged in gross misconduct,\" the CBI said.The agency said the two retired public servants had ignored existing rules and policies, violated the terms of lease entered into by the ministry of defence and caused pecuniary advantage to the Pune-based builder to the tune of Rs 46 crore (approximately) without any public interest.Lt Gen Thamburaj, a 1969 batch officer from Bombay Sappers, was GoC-in-C of the Southern Command till December 31, 2008 before being appointed as vice-chief of Army on January 1, 2009.The offence is alleged to have taken place in 2008. The CBI has registered the case against Lt Gen Thamburaj, Nayyar, the builder and others under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating) of the IPC and section 13 (2) and 13(1)(d) (criminal misconduct) of the Prevention of Corruption Act on receipt of a complaint from the defence ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11721363", "title": "Team Anna to start campaign in UP from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Uttarakhand, Team Anna would launch a multi-city campaign in Uttar Pradesh from Thursday creating awareness about a strong Lokpal Bill but stay away from directly targeting any one political party.Arvind Kejriwal would not be part of the campaign as he is accompanying Anna Hazare for treatment to Bangalore. Team Anna would largely consist of Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia, Kiran Bedi and Kumar Vishwas. Sisodia said, \"We are going to constituencies as per the election schedule. I will be in UP throughout, while others could join the campaign at different places.\"On Thursday, Team Anna will campaign at Mahadev Talab Maidan in Fatehpur of Barabanki and in Ramlila Maidan in Gonda. Subsequent meetings have been planned in Faizabad, Basti, Varanasi and Allahabad.Ahead of the assembly polls, Team Anna had written a series of letters to leaders, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Rahul Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari raising questions about the Lokpal Bill. Letter was also sent to UP chief minister Mayawati and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav.While in the letter to the PM, he was asked to show some courage to withdraw the \"weak\" Lokpal Bill and bring a stronger one, the one to Gandhi asked the Congress heir apparent whether his party will dare to bring a law on the lines of \"a strong\" Lokayukta legislation in Uttarakhand. Gadkari was asked as to why his party did not insist on Nitish Kumar government in Bihar, in which it is a coalition partner, to bring a strong Lokayukta law like the one passed by the BJP government in Uttarakhand. He was also asked why BJP changed tracks on bringing Lokayuktas through Lokpal bill.Team Anna also found fault with BSP chief Mayawati for not opposing the bill in the Standing Committee and walking out in the Lok Sabha which they alleged helped the UPA-II pass it in the Lower House. SP that opposed the bill in the Standing Committee, but walked out in the Lok Sabha was asked to clear its stand by Team Anna. SP was also asked whether it would go with Congress or BJP after the UP poll results are declared.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724255", "title": "Gogoi woos tourists at crafts mela", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday rolled out the red carpet for tourists to explore Assam at the inaugural function of the 26th Surajkund Crafts Mela, 2012, in Faridabad, Haryana. Assam is the theme state in this year edition of the mela.A state government spokesman said, \"Applauding Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda for selecting Assam as a theme state for this year's Surajkund Mela, the chief minister said the colourful dances of Assam and the treasure-trove of its exquisite craftsmanship will woo more tourists to the state in the days ahead.\"The mela was inaugurated by Lok Sabha MP Meira Kumar . Earlier, state tourism principal secretary HS Das said the visitors to the mela would get the opportunity to witness making of bamboo &amp; cane products, bell-metal products and weaving of traditional clothes through handlooms at the fair venue. He added that cultural programmes would be held every evening. Fireworks from Barpeta will also be on display on the inaugural and concluding day of the mela, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724963", "title": "Nagulan\u2019s game for more", "text": "Alot seems to be happening in Nagulan's life. He is currently working on four films - Vallinam, Amali Thumali, Naan Rajavaga Pogiren and Sadugudu.The actor is extremely excited about playing a basketball pro in Vallinam. Recalling the initial days of shoot, he says, \"During my earlier days, I was physically unfit to play any game. But director Arivazhagan assumed I was good at basketball and asked me to train only with real players. I was extremely nervous, and practised the game at home as well. The first scene that I had to shoot for the film was that of a match, and I was surprised when I shot my first ball right into the hoop. I believe in good omens, and was happy that my first shot turned out to be lucky for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720786", "title": "Nehru Place traders want squatters out, shut down", "text": "New Delhi: The shopkeepers at Nehru Place - India's biggest computer goods market - partially closed down services on Wednesday to protest against unregulated vendors, encroachments and lack of cleanliness in the area.The shops were shut between 10am and 12am and shopkeepers shouted slogans against the Delhi Development Authority (DDA), the civic agency responsible to maintain the infrastructure and sanitation in the market.The market was designed in the 1970's by the DDA as one of the modern complexes. However, due to lack of maintenance and encroachments, it has regressed into one of the filthiest markets capital, said Anil K Sehgal, President, Nehru Place Improvement and Welfare.\"We are demanding better sanitation services and removal of encroachment from the area. Hawking and selling of pirated software by juveniles is a thriving business and it must be immediately cracked down,\" said Sehgal. Street hawkers swamp the two main lanes alongside the shops and sell fake branded clothes, watches, shoes and utility items.The Nehru Place market was recently listed among the world's most notorious markets by United States Trade Representative ( USTR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11722603", "title": "Ernakulam Junction soon to get a makeover", "text": "KOCHI: After a two-year long delay, the project to develop Ernakulam Junction under the 'World Class Station scheme' has received a fresh lease of life. Southern Railway (SR) has formed three committees to speed up the development process and according official sources, the committees have already started working on a draft inception report, one of the preliminary steps before the project initiation.Ernakulam Junction was included under the scheme in the 2010-11 railway budget, but continued to be on paper for the last two years.\"The station development under the scheme is a mega project that requires substantial planning. Our initial studies found that earmarking funds through the ordinary means is not practical in the case of Ernakulam, since expenditure is huge. The present financial crunch that railway ministry is going through will prevent the possibility of a huge fund allocation from the railway ministry. So the authorities are considering a public private partnership (PPP) arrangement. Once the ministry is convinced about the PPP, we are confident that they will allot half the amount required for the project,\" said a senior official of Thiruvananthapuram Divisional Office,SR. The Division has not yet drawn up an estimate on the cost. \"The concept is to modernise our stations so that even a foreign traveller would feel at home. The focus will be on cleanliness of premises, provision of quality drinking water and food, spacious restrooms, streamlining of station space for efficient passenger movement, larger parking lots, and improvised security,\" the official said.At the moment a passenger arriving at Ernakulam Junction will have to get satisfied with minimum facilities. The station lacks AC waiting rooms, clean drinking water, hygienic toilets and economic food outlets. Passengers who travel in the upper classes say that Thiruvananthapuram Central is the only station in Kerala which meets most of the passenger requirements and are surprised at Ernakulam Junction's condition, considering the city being the business capital.P Krishnakumar, a regular traveller and general secretary of Thrissur railway passengers association said touchscreen kiosks where information like status of running trains and details regarding PNR status and seat availability create frequent snarls due to railway not renewing the annual contract with the hardware supplier. \"Jan Ahar stall, the economic food outlet is not popular among passengers as most items in the menu are not available. The existing waiting rooms are small and congested with no option for mobile or laptop charging\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719855", "title": "Kiran keen to induct 3 Telangana MLAs into cabinet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is said to be toying with the idea of filling the three Telangana 'vacancies' in the cabinet before the budget session expected to commence mid-February. The vacancies arose due to the resignations of Konda Surekha, Komatireddy Venkat Reddy and Jupalli Krishna Rao.Soruces said the move is reportedly to reward the T-Congress MLAS for keeping quiet on the separate state demand and cooperating with the government and the party. Towards that end, the CM himself is said to be pressuring the party leadership to agree for an early induction of some ministers from the Telangana region.The informed sources in the party said the exercise is likely to happen in the first week of February and that Kiran Kumar Reddy is waiting for an appointment with AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and party president Sonia Gandhi to finalise the mini-expansion.In fact, there is not much competition from the T-Congress MLAs as the eligible candidates from the region are very few. Even though the party has about 50 MLAs from the region, only 11 of them are seniors who have completed more than one term, a qualification necessary to be considered to be inducted in the cabinet. They are Ch Mutyam Reddy, T Jayaprakash Reddy and P Kista Reddy ( Medak district), Komatireddy Venkata Reddy, R Damodar Reddy and N Uttam Kumar Reddy ( Nalgonda), Mallu Bhatti Vikramarkha (Khammam), Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy (Warangal), and Marri Sashidhar Reddy, T Manemma, and P Vishnuvardhan Reddy ( Hyderabad).Of the eleven senior Congress MLAs, 10 are Reddys and the 11th a Dalit leader. District-wise, Medak already has three berths in the cabinet. Of the remaining eight, Marri Sashidhar Reddy is enjoying cabinet rank at the Centre as vice chairman of the National Disaster Management Agency (NDMA) and is not interested in state politics while Komatireddy is unlikely to be considered as he quit the cabinet on the Telangana issue.Thus, the real aspirants could be limited to Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy, Uttam Kumar Reddy, R Damodar Reddy, Manemma and P Vishnuvardhan Reddy. However, the fact that Hyderabad is already represented by two MLAs -- D Nagender and Mukesh Goud -- Manemma and Vishnu do not stand much of a chance.The talk in the party circles is that deputy speaker Bhatti Vikramarka, a Dalit leader, will be taken as the replacement for sacked minister P Shankar Rao. The other two vacancies are slated to go to the Reddy community as no other castes are available and the names doing the rounds are that of Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy and Uttam Kumar Reddy.Even though there are senior leaders such as D Srinivas, K R Amos, K Yadava Reddy etc in the Legislative Council, the CM is unlikely to take them into the cabinet given their connections and influence in Delhi. \"But, this is bound to generate an ill-feeling among the senior MLCs who are already feeling humiliated due to lack of representation from the region in the house committees,\" said a senior MLA.While appointing the committee members, none of the senior Telangana leaders was considered for the post of chairman. \"All committees have as chairmen either renominated Andhra MLCs or first timers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721583", "title": "Status quo in PDKV matter", "text": "The court has extended the status quo on the termination notices by PDKV to its 83 employees by three weeks. The case is also admitted for final hearing to begin from February 22. The employees were said to be recruited by flouting norms. The Akola-based university had served termination notices to petitioners on December 30 as per recommendations of Justice SW Dhabe inquiry committee report.Heritage structures' rules soughtThe division bench while hearing a suo motu PIL has directed the state to apprise them of rules to protect the heritage structures before February 18. The court took cognizance of media reports that brought to the fore deteriorating conditions of court buildings, especially lower courts across in Vidarbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719442", "title": "Tweaking names is cyber fraudsters\u2019 new game", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hoping to bring about a change in their lives, people often take to numerology and add or delete an alphabet from their names. Strange as it might seem, cyber fraudsters are using the same formula to divert lakhs of rupees to foreign countries. Two such cases were reported in the city recently.In the first case, import and export businessman Subhash Chandra (name changed) from Hyderabad, was intimated by his client that one lakh euros was transferred to his account online. When Subhas Chandra checked his account, the amount was not credited.A worried Subhas Chandra then cross-checked with his client and discovered that someone had played a trick and siphoned off the amount.The client informed Subhash Chandra that he had sent the one lakh euros to his \"new\" account number as per instructions in a recent e-mail. \"The Hyderabadi businessman had not sent any e-mail to his client in this regard. A cyber fraudster had created a new mail account by adding an alphabet to Subhash Chandra's e-mail ID.\"The mail requesting a change in bank account number was sent through this new e-mail ID created by the fraudster. Due to oversight, the client believed it and deposited 1 lakh euros in the new account, which actually got transferred to Italy,'' a Crime Investigation Department (CID) officer told TOI.Another businessman, A Ganesh (name changed), who runs a software company, had a similar experience. He was expecting Rs 25 lakh payment from a client based in the United Kingdom , but cyber cheats fooled his client and swindled the money by similarly changing a few alphabets in his e-mail ID.Police claim it is impossible to crack such cases since there is no local hand. The fraud was executed from Nigeria and the money was transferred to Europe.The fraudsters usually access e-mail IDs of those businessmen who post it on their company's website.Police explained that such frauds can be avoided by using the official mail ID generated by their company-provided mail service instead of using public sites that provide e-mail facility while carrying out business transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11728088", "title": "Google\u2019 market share falls to 9% in China", "text": "BEIJING: American search engine Google chose to apply for licence to operate in China, agreeing to abide by all the conditions imposed by the government here after its share in the burgeoning Chinese market declined to 9 per cent.Since last year, Google has seen its share of the online mapping market shrink below 10 per cent while that its local rival Baidu Inc soared to 61 per cent, official media reports here said.Google Maps were now listed third after Bidu and Mapbar.com which has over 10 per cent market share, according to the domestic research company Analysys International.Moreover, an increasing number of websites that use the data provided by online mapping services providers have turned to Google's rivals, Yan Xiaojia of Analysys International told state run China Daily.There are 48,000 websites of this type in China, and about 60 per cent of them used Google's mapping data in the first half of last year.However, the company is now losing its dominant position, said Yan.Google has formally applied for licence to operate online map service to operate in China seeking to return to the lucrative Chinese market after a year long absence.China's mapping service regulator said that Google's application for an online maps licence, which is required for operating such service in China, is under official examination.Google, which desisted from applying for licence after China brought about a new rule making it mandatory for the companies to have joint venture in 2010 picked up Beijing Guxiang Information Technology as its partner in China.China also imposes stringent restrictions on online map operators which included sticking to its official outline of borders.The official online Chinese maps depict Arunachal Pradesh as part of China's southern Tibet .Hong Bo, an IT critic who follows Google, said the bureau's statement may deliver a blow to the company.Internet users will also be affected if Google's current online mapping business is further influenced in the future.In a statement to China Daily, Google China said that it had \"nothing new to add\" to an earlier statement that it was \"in discussions with the government about how we can offer a mapping product in China\".However, Hong Bo said that the online mapping service is only part of Google's business in China, and the company's Android mobile operating system is reaching an increasingly large number of users and is the most popular operating system among the nation's smartphone users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sunderbans", "code": "11721097", "title": "CM takes Writers' to Sunderbans", "text": "Sunderbans: Rows and rows of launches, speed boats and their incessant noise broke the silence of the pristine blue-green of the saline Sunderbans water on Wednesday. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was on a mission amidst this sublime green, it seemed, and she was not alone there.It was an unusual convoy to begin with. This entourage was, after all, on water. And almost the whole of Writers' Buildings was with her entourage too - true to the CM's words that she would take Writers' to the districts. The convoy toured the islands for almost six hours since 11 am. Chief secretary Samar Ghosh, home secretary G D Gautama, principal secretaries of forest, tourism, power, disaster management and so on, as well as a large number of journalists and government officials and police were part of this unique riverine jamboree. There were more than 25 launches (from the pool of transport, irrigation, tourism departments and police), plus two West Bengal Police speed boats. Altogether, there were over 600 people of this waterways convoy.It was clear that the CM was mixing business with pleasure as she looked at the mangrove forests from island to island in the Sunderbans for nearly six hours. She was in a jovial mood, chatting mostly on the deck, but also taking the driver's (sareng) seat, trying to figure out the nitty-gritty of driving a launch, and even taking the wheels for a few moments. Mamata also sang with those in her company on the launch, and though she eats frugally, the others had a filling lunch, too. Panchayat and public health engineering minister Subrata Mukherjee, Sunderbans affairs minister Shyamal Mandal and local MLA Jayanta Naskar were among those present, along with some journalists who usually travel with the chief minister. Many others followed her convoy.But it wasn't strictly office work with a changed venue. For, the chief secretary, home secretary and the group of other principal secretaries were on another launch. Ghosh is known not to miss office even on Saturdays and sometimes drops by at Writers' Buildings even on Sundays and other holidays when there is more work. So he seemed a bit ill at ease sitting on the deck of a launch for almost six hours in the company of other secretaries, but not exactly holding an official meeting. Or perhaps he and the other IAS officers did enjoy this unusual tour? It is not known for sure. IPS officer Virendra - who oversees the CM's security and accompanies her on most of her trips - seemed to enjoy being on a speed boat, looking not at usual challenges of the roads, but to see if everything was clear on the waterway. He had for company district magistrate N S Nigam and superintendent of police of South 24-Parganas, L N Meena.The CM had said in Tuesday's public meeting at Gosaba that she had gone to the Sunderbans to see the place with her own eyes and talk to the people there. She also wants to make it a tourism hotspot, which will bring huge employment for local people. Starting her day from Sajnekhali where she had stayed at night, the CM toured one island after another - through Pakhirala, Dayapur, Santjelia, Kochukhali, Rangabelia, Gosaba, and finally moving out through Sonakhali - for almost six hours since 11 am. She went close to Marichjhhapi, but did not venture till the uninhabited island. Over three decades ago, police went on an eviction drive in the Marichjhapi island of the Sunderbans to oust refugees who had moved from Dandakaranya. The entire episode is shrouded in mystery and it is not clear how many lives were lost, and is often considered by many as the darkest blot on the Left Front regime.When her launch passed by these islands - most of which are habitations - people flocked in large numbers, and Mamata waved at the villagers and they waved back at her. From schoolchildren to lungi-clad poor fishermen, they were all there, sometimes in huge clusters and often one or two waiting in solitude. During the six-hour visit, Mamata stopped only at Pakhirala, where she distributed blankets among some Aila victims. Pakhirala, which is one of the main tourist centres in the Sunderbans, and where many tourist lodges are housed, is where Mamata looked around, and said that tourism needs a huge boost here.Her main programme with the villagers was on Tuesday at Gosaba where she distributed land rights to rice, and cheques for various schemes to the poor. Her thrust on Wednesday appeared to be to check out a huge stretch of the islands to see how tourism could be promoted here. She had even said at the Gosaba programme that there were central government representatives there to see if projects could be taken up there, but this was not disclosed any further.Preparations were on for the Wednesday tour since 6.30 am, with the launch and speedboats doing the rounds. Boats are charged at nearly Rs 10,000 for such long hours, so in that case so many boats and launches put together would have made the cost a few lakh. However, officials said that since these are under different government departments, the rate of fuel is the only significant cost, and hiring charges are not so much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11721027", "title": "State roadways starts dedicated bus service to Surajkund fair", "text": "GURGAON: In order to facilitate smooth travel to the Surajkund crafts fair, the Haryana state roadways department has started a dedicated bus service between Gurgaon (bus stand) and Faridabad. The buses - which will ply from 9.30am to 6.30pm from Gurgaon to Faridabad and from 11am to 8pm back from Faridabad to Gurgaon via Delhi will make six trips throughout the day.They will have two stops between the destinations - Mehrauli and Khanpur. The service will be effective from Wednesday, the first day of the fair, till February 15, the last day. The fares have been fixed at Rs 24 between the two destinations, said officials. The transport department has deployed non-AC low floor buses for the service which will have signages/ markings to distinguish them from the regular buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722448", "title": "Pt Vyas' santoor recital casts a spell", "text": "NAGPUR: Music so divine, that it is hard to believe it is flowing through the nimble fingers of a maestro. On the concluding day of the three-day Saptak Music Festival, Pt Satish Vyas took the stage to delight his fans with an enchanting santoor recital.He had an indulgent audience and he held them in high esteem. Beginning with raag Jhinjhoti with an alap, jod in vilambit, gat Jhap taal and graduating to a dhrut teen taal, Pt Vyas developed the raag at a leisurely pace, his santoor strumming to melody which flowed freely, the notes getting faint as he struck the higher ones, and then returning back with them falling all around like a cascading river.Dressed in a turquoise blue silk kurta and sitting with a royal grace, the disciple of Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma was not exactly in the league of his guru, but the music that he created this evening was no less if not better. The first segment of the evening lasted for more than one and half hours, and remained flawless.In the second presentation, which was a Carnatic style raag Charukeshi adapted to Hindustani mode, Pt Vyas began with a slow alaap in vilambit and went on to a madhya lay drut. With eyes closed, head thrown back and a satisfied smile spread across his visage, the musician was one and at peace with his music.A matching treat for the city audience came in the form of Pt Ramkumar Mishra on the tabla. He regaled the audience with his laykaari and matched the rapid flow of the strains from the santoor in terms of speed and pace.Terming the recital as a very polished and professional performance, Manda Pattarkine, a classical vocalist said, \"Both Pt Vyas and Pt Mishra had total control over their instruments. The manner and ease with which they wove the notes from lower to higher and then immediately returned to lower notes filling the hall with melodious sounds showed their mastery.\"Earlier in the evening Pt. Vyas appreciated the efforts of Saptak in organizing such festivals and described it as a cohesive and well organized body which was promoting the cause of music in a big way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721906", "title": "Some grieve the loss of bread, some for bread-earners", "text": "NAGPUR: While one has lost bread-and-butter, the other's a bread-earner still trapped under the wreckage of six-storeyed warehouse-cum-cold storage.The loss worth lakhs of grain merchants is of no consequence to Bisenbai whose husband Sonuha Chandralekh died in the Kalamna tragedy. His body was recovered from the rubble on Wednesday evening.\"No one is concerned how a poor family like us will survive after such an incident. We have five children and they are starving back home as I am here since last two days,\" said Bisenbai.She points at the gunny bags full of grains on top of the wreckage and says they should be brought down by JCBs so that victims could be traced.Bisenbai's plight is difficult to fathom. So is the loss of grain merchants whose stocks have been rendered unusable in the collapse and its aftermath. Some of it has been destroyed mixed with concrete debris, some pilfered, some is rotting after getting wet in rains, and remaining is being ruined by crushers, cranes and JCB machines.The noise of concrete shattering combi-crusher and cranes continued to rent the air at the wreckage site on Wednesday. The deafening noise, along with dust and stench of gases, however could not drown the sighs and cries of people shattered by human and monetary loss.\"Is there any hope of getting our grains back,\" asked a merchant. His broker too sounded sad. \"Can any one request the authorities to save as much grains as possible,\" said the broker. Some traders even tried to retrieve their bags as tippers dumped debris in an open space behind the site.A palpable tension between traders and victim's kin could be observed in last two days. Every time, traders talked of saving the grains they were opposed by relatives wanting that human victims should be a priority. \"Even in this tragedy, the traders are thinking of saving their grains and are unconcerned about men trapped inside,\" said a disturbed Ajju Shripatre whose elder brother Amit is still lost under the debris.Bisenbai and Sharda Meher are the almost certain to embrace widowhood as their husbands remain untraceable. \"We have no clue when her father would be found,\" said Sharda, pointing at her five-year-old daughter Kiran. Her husband Vishnu was a labourer at the ill-fated cold storage and is missing.The grain pilferers, vendors selling refreshments and curious onlookers make up other groups at the scene along with the government agencies and media.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724633", "title": "Joy Goswami catching people's attention", "text": "The Joy Goswami stall at the book fair is drawing crowds and inspiring the author to write more poetryThe book fair - with all its madness and tumult, commerce and craft - has a nook dedicated to Joy. It's where minds meet, conversation flows and over their love for one man - writer Joy Goswami - people find joy in literature.Little wonder that the small stall - \"Ekahne Shudhu Joy\" - has been drawing young and old by the droves ever since the book fair opened on January 25. The brainchild of Prasun Bhowmik of \" Bijalpa Prakashan\", the stall is the one-stop destination for all the works by the author. It not only has his complete collection of works, but also his volumes of poetry, novels and other prose.To the delight of his fans, there's an array of merchandise on sale as well. There are pretty, peppy greetings cards inscribed with his poetry and coffee mugs that have his photo. A lot of admirers were also seen picking up audio CDs of his poems and colourful posters that are a collage of Joy's pictures and writings.What does the author have to say about the stall? \"When Prasun Bhowmik first came up with the idea of a stall completely dedicated to me, I didn't pay him much attention. But when I finally visited the stall, I was overwhelmed. The cups, posters and greeting cards have left me speechless. I didn't have any idea that so many beautiful things could be designed from my creations. My entire collection of writings and CDs are arranged here, which is a good effort. All my different publishers helped immensely to prepare this collection. From what I've seen, readers are happy with this.\"The crowd at the stall comprises mostly teenagers and young adults. \"I plan to propose to my long-time girlfriend with one of these cards. I'm sure she'll be so happy that she'll not say no to me,\" said one 20-something Joy admirer with a wink.The author admits that he had no clue that so many youngsters were interested in his poetry. \"The crowd inside the stall surprised me. Most of them were students, some of them my daughter's age. Their response is so positive that it inspires me to write more. I haven't written any poetry in the last three years, but now I feel inspired to write for them. I'm overjoyed with the love they've showered on me.\"Just goes to show that some inspiration and oodles of creativity can go a long way in giving joy to both author and reader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721588", "title": "HC notice to chief secy, CP in Virat death case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay high court's Nagpur bench on Wednesday issued notices to the chief secretary, state transport commissioner and city police commissioner in a suo moto PIL involving the accidental death of 9-year-old Virat Zade, who came under the rear wheel of his school bus while returning from school on January 9 at Hudkeshwar.A division bench asked all respondents to file a reply before February 13. Other respondents include additional chief secretary of home department, principal secretaries of school education and urban development departments, RTO Nagpur, deputy director of education in Nagpur, and headmaster of Central India Public School, where the deceased was studying.The court had taken suo motu cognisance of media reports which highlighted alleged negligence behind the child's tragic death and appointed Firdos Mirza as amicus curiae.The counsel prepared a detailed petition taking into consideration all the circumstances behind the mishap and suggested steps to prevent any recurrence.Citing the issue as a complex one, Mirza said increasing need of schools for children should be taken into consideration. He deliberated on compelling circumstances in which the students travel, role and need of coordination among different government departments, and responsibilities of schools and parents.Referring to Right to Education Act, the amicus curie argued that due to non-availability of good schools in nearby areas, students are compelled to travel by buses, minivans, and autorickshaws. He claimed the government has the power to regulate school buses but absence of adequate rules and regulations is resulting in accidents.Mirza pointed out that there is no act, rules, regulation, statutory policy of the state to govern private schools, therefore it must lay down policy with special emphasis on transportation, including the responsibility of the schools and the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11721088", "title": "Coal price revision to hike power cost", "text": "KOLKATA: Power utilities in the state anticipate the cost of electricity generation to shoot up at least by 20 paisa per unit, thanks to the coal price revision announced by Coal India Ltd (CIL) on Wednesday. State utilities said the impact would be as much as 20 to 40 paisa per unit. Even as the intensity of the blow is expected to be half of what was apprehended when CIL made the first price revision on January 1, utilities have to wait till when the Calcutta High Court hears out petition by the state government and its utilities against CIL prices.West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd (WBSEDCL) is already under financial constraint and has not been able to apply for a tariff revision even after revision of coal prices before the recent one. CESC consumers, however, will feel the pinch as the utility goes in for an interim hike sometime after the pending tariff revision.Of 17 categories of coal computed under the gross calorific value (GCV) against the earlier seven bands when coal was sold on the basis of useful heat value (UHV), price has been hiked between Rs 30/tonne and Rs 1,630/tonne. But with power utilities primarily using coal of calorific value 4,000-6,000 kcal/kg, the additional payout will be between Rs 70/tonne and Rs 1,750/tonne. But if power utilities manage to avoid the fifth grade of coal with calorific value 5,800-6,100 kcal/kg, the price hike will be contained between Rs 70/tonne and Rs 570/tonne.While GCV that measures the amount of heat liberated by carbon and hydrogen in the coal when it is heated, is an internationally accepted pricing mechanism, due to the high ash content in Indian coal, the UHV mechanism was followed that took into account the heat trapped in ash. Typically in Indian coal, GCV is 25% higher than UHV.\"Among the category of coal we use, we expect the average price hike of Rs 400/tonne. That translates to around 20 paise hike in per unit generation cost,\" a CESC official said. The private utility that supplies power to Kolkata and adjoining areas purchases 35 lakh tonne of coal from CIL, is also worried about 3-4% wastage as they will have to shell out anything between Rs 360/tonne and Rs 500/tonne for extremely low-grade coal (calorific value 2,200-3,200 kcal/kg) that were considered stone till December 31, 2011.WBSEDCL, however, fears a bigger hit as it buys bulk of its 20 lakh tonne coal requirement from CIL. \"We purchase around 16 lakh tonne coal from the company. Around 80% of the purchase is in the bandwidth of 4,000-4,500 kcal/kg and 20% from 5,000-6,000 kcal/kg,\" an official said.What power utilities are miffed over is that CIL will have the ultimate say in the quality of coal supply. \"Even if we want to use more coal of higher calorific value, CIL cannot supply it. So we will be using the same coal but paying more,\" an official explained.The worst affected will be power units in the east as CIL will levy 6% extra on coal from Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL) as it is a sick subsidiary and listed with the Board for Industrial &amp; Financial Restructuring (BIFR). ECL supplies coal to both CESC and WBPDCL. Power from Bharat Coking Coal Ltd and Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd also supplies coal to power plants in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11721763", "title": "Are humans alone or are aliens avoiding us?", "text": "WASHINGTON: If alien life really exists, they would have found humans by now, but consciously avoiding us for unknown reasons, a new study has suggested.Researchers, who calculated the time a society would take to muster up resources and know-how to travel to another world, found that alien civilizations starting from the oldest stars in the galaxy would have had more than enough time to reach Earth.\"We are either alone, or they are out there and leave us alone,\" lead study author Thomas Hair, a mathematician with Florida Gulf Coast University in Fort Myers, was quoted as saying by Discovery News. Light travels at about 186,000 miles per second.Figure another 500 years to build new ships, set out again, and so on and so on, and the calculations show that civilizations starting out from the oldest stars in our galaxy would have had epochs of time to reach us by now. So where are they? \"They've either passed us by, or they stay around their home star systems and contemplate their navels,\" Hair said. There could be several reasons why we are not listed in intergalactic Yelp.Perhaps most important is that we don't have anything aliens need. \"Any ancient civilization is probably not biological . They don't need a place like Earth. They don't need to come here and steal our water. There's plenty of it out in the outer solar system where the gravity is not so great and they can just take all they want,\" Hair said.Or perhaps modern-day extraterrestrials are following routes laid out long ago, all of which bypass Earth, he added. Hair presented his research at the Mathematical Association of America in Boston recently.Whatever the reason we're being ignored, there is no chance ET, if he exists, does not know we are here, Hair said, pointing to telescopes, such as Nasa's Kepler observatory , which can detect planets around other stars. If humans living on a planet that is roughly five billion years old have technology like Kepler, an alien civilization with another 10 million years of experience under its belt would have advanced much further, Hair maintained.\"I'm sure they'd be able to detect if this planet had life on it. Just the CFCs (chlorofluorocarbons ) in our atmosphere would give us away,\" he said. CFCs are compounds found in aerosol products that release chlorine atoms when exposed to ultraviolet light and erode Earth's ozone layer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720098", "title": "Extension to civic chief irks SEC", "text": "MUMBAI: The state election commission (SEC) on Wednesday questioned the state a day after it granted a three-month extension to civic chief Subodh Kumar.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said she had written to chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and had told the administration to clarify immediately if the state could go ahead with such a process without consulting the SEC.State administration officials justified Kumar's extension as additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta would have had to handle the election process.\"Kumar is not directly related to the elections. Hence, the government gave an extension to Kumar, who was to retire on January 31,\" said a senior official attached to the chief secretary's office. But Satyanarayan said, \"For the SEC, all commissioners are related to the election process, and so is the case of Kumar.\"According to Election Commission of India norms, the transfer or extension of or for any officer, especially those having duties in connection with elections, should be avoided from the day the commission announces the election programme.If there is a need for a reshuffle, the administration must put up a proposal for the transfer of an officer before the respective SEC. The officer can be transferred only after the SEC's approval. Lawyer Y P Singh had objected to the extension and had written to the Union government. \"A bureaucrat, at the close of office hours, has to hand over papers on the last day to the second-in-commandIn Kumar's case, the extension order was not delivered at the close of office hours, but at 8pm, which means it's a reappointment and not extension. The order is illegal. We may take the issue to court,\" Singh said.Kumar's term as civic chief has been under controversy since he took over. The Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party has alleged that he was brought in especially for the civic elections, but the state administration felt he was being targeted as he had taken on the builder-Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) nexus that was bleeding the city dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725786", "title": "Kings XI to hold KXIP Cup from February 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its bid to promote the budding cricketers and gear-up for the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL), the Kings XI Punjab will be organising the 'KXIP Cup' in Chandigarh from Saturday.The Cup, which is into its third edition, will witness participation of more than 70 players divided into four different teams - Blue, Red, Green and Silver - and will be played in the Twenty20 format.\"Our focus has always been to develop and promote local talent in the catchment areas. Through this annual tournament we aim to provide the cricketers from our catchment area, and the country, a unique platform to display their skills,\" COO Kings XI Punjab, Col Arvinder Singh, said.The matches, to be played on a league format, will be held at the PCA Stadium Mohali and the Sector 16 Stadium Chandigarh, over a period of four days starting February 4.The final will be held at Mohali on February 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11723912", "title": "Falak's condition further deteriorates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fighting a grim battle for life since the past 16 days at AIIMS, the condition of two-year-old Falak further deteriorated today due to an infection in blood which has increased her chances of suffering a multi-organ failure.Admitted in a battered state at the Jai Prakash Narayan Apex Trauma Centre of AIIMS since January 18, this infection in the blood has complicated her condition further as she has already contracted infection in the brain(meningitis) which is yet to be controlled.\"She is still critical and her chances of survival continues to remain less than 50 per cent as she has developed high chances of multi-organ failure as the organism that has caused infection in the brain are there in the chest and have now entered the blood.\"We can say she has developed septicaemia or sepsis that can spread to other organs like kidney and liver too,\" Neurosurgeon Dr Deeepak Agarwal said.Doctors will send her body fluid samples for another round of culture today to see if she is responding to antibiotics and also to detect the organism that has caused infection in the blood.Falak has already undergone two life saving surgeries till now.She was brought to the hospital on January 18 with severe head injury, both her arms broken, bite marks all over her body and her cheeks branded with hot iron.The teenage girl, who brought her there claiming to be her mother, had cited a fall from the bed as the reason for the child's pathetic state.\"Every moment is crucial now. All will depend on how she respond to the treatment,\" Dr Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11725992", "title": "Family dispute: Son batters parents to death", "text": "HUBLI: In a gruesome incident, a 58-year old ZP member and his wife were killed by his son over family disputes in Talakere village in Yelburga taluk in Koppal district on Tuesday morning. According to Yelburga police, Ameensaab Chellari, who has been staying away from his parents, went to their house on Tuesday morning and battered his father, Shamidsaab Chellari, to death with wooden logs.Shamidsaab, who a is sitting ZP member elected from Hirevakkalkunta in Koppal district, died on the spot. When his mother Rajabi Chellari,45, tried to stop him, he pushed her down and hit her with the logs and killed her too, police said. Ameensaab used to have arguments with his father over money and his share of property. Ameensaab was working as a hamali in Gangavati and six months ago Shamidsaab asked him to come to Talakere and take up some work. Instead of finding work, he asked his father to give him his share of the property. Police have arrested Ameensaab and a case has been registered with Bevur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11722451", "title": "Cong, NCP workers anxiously await forms", "text": "NAGPUR: While the seat sharing deal between Congress and NCP has been finalized according to bosses of both parties, there's still confusion among rank and file as it has not been officially declared.Many NCP workers have filed nominations in seats that are supposed to go to Congress and vice versa. Chances of large scale rebellion are strong in both parties.The party workers are also not aware as to who would get the B form from party. In many wards more than one Congress worker has filed the papers. Same is the case for NCP. While the Congress is expected to distribute AB forms on Thursday, NCP will do it Friday.City NCP chief Ajay Patil said that party observer for NMC polls Vasant Daokhare was slated to reach Nagpur on Friday morning. \"He will distribute the A and B forms. Those who do not get the forms will be asked to withdraw.\" Congress leaders said that the list was 99% complete and it would be made public after the finishing touches were given on Thursday morning.Even though the list has not been announced, many candidates who are not hopeful of getting a party ticket have decided to rebel. One of them is Rajeshree Jichkar, wife of ex-Congress corporator Kishor Jichkar.Congress and NCP had bickered a lot over this seat. AICC general secretary Anees Ahmed had made it a prestige point to bag the seat but as Ajay Patil's wife Pragati (sitting corporator) too was eyeing it, it was given to NCP.Jichkar's supporters say that Congress, not NCP, is strong in the ward. Congress had polled 2,174 votes in the areas under the new Civil Lines ward against NCP's 683. Ahmed had earlier claimed this seat was main reason for deadlock in the Congress-NCP talks.Kamala, wife of outgoing NCP corporator of Jaripatka Vedprakash Arya, has filed nomination from Nara ward.There is a strong possibility that in case she does not get a party ticket, she would contest as an independent.Arya is upset over being sidelined in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11725098", "title": "New BrahMos plant chief infuses optimism in staff", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Though Rear Admiral (Retd) Julius Zacharias taking charge as MD of BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Limited (BATL) on Wednesday has enthused its staff to some extent, they still are skeptical over its progress.This unit reported Rs 3.5 crore loss last year and production almost came to a standstill despite having the potential to emerge as one of the leading missile integration and defence production units in the country with orders worth Rs 200 crore. Many officials have come on deputation, but there has been no remarkable change in BATL's mode of functioning with infighting brewing between employees and management over lack of transparency.Aggrieved over being blamed for the loss being incurred, many members of the staff union have come out openly against management policies. \"Employees here have never stopped work and have only sought transparency and quality work flow,\" said Abdul Salaam, general secretary, BrahMos Trade Union.Employees, who have been here for over 20 years, had felt that BrahMos taking over Keltech in December 2007 would open up new possibilities, but shockingly they were blamed for BATL's losses, Salaam said.\"But now there is a semblance of hope with the new MD taking charge. We expect fairness at workplace,\" said Salam on Wednesday after a meeting with the management.Meanwhile, the new MD told TOI that he would take stock of the situation and come up with an amicable solution. \"I have made it clear that workers stand to gain if production increases. The challenge at BATL is to gear up missile integration and roll out the prototype of the first BrahMos supersonic cruise missile (except warhead and liquid propulsion) from this facility in about two years,\" Zacharias said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11720928", "title": "Opposition demand for Speaker's scalp falls flat", "text": "BANGALORE: The logjam over the speaker K G Bopaiah's continuance continued in the legislative assembly on Wednesday with the opposition Congress and five independents persisting with their demand for Bopaiah's scalp and the ruling party not willing to budge.With the independents and Congress MLAs storming into the well of the House, deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat adjourned the House to Thursday.The government not only wants Bopaiah to continue, but also was in no mood to even discuss the issue. Opposition members entered the assembly wearing black badges, while the Congress party moved an adjournment motion seeking a debate on his continuance in the wake of Supreme Court verdict and observations against the speaker in the disqualification of five independent MLAs' case.As Bopaiah abstained from the House, Bhat, who assumed his role, rejected the adjournment motion. \"An adjournment motion cannot be admitted to debate the verdict of the Supreme Court,\" he ruled.Earlier, while making the preliminary submission to move the adjournment motion, opposition leader Siddaramaiah said the apex court on January 25 passed \"strictures\" against the speaker. \"He cannot continue in office\", he said. Siddaramaiah said the present Sadananda government is illegal'' since the apex court has termed the decision of speaker as unconstitutional'' and partisan''. If the speaker had made an impartial decision at that point of time, the opposition leader argued the BJP government rule could have ended in Karnataka in 2010.Ruling party members dubbed his argument as illogical'' and hypothetical''.Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar said as the speaker was the custodian of the House and he could not be a discussion point and appealed to the Chair to reject the motion. The issue to be discussed under the adjournment motion has \"to be definite, and it must be related to the functioning of the government\", he added.Quoting Article 136 under the 10th schedule of the Constitution, he stated the speaker's decision is unquestionable since he has quasi-judicial powers.Due to the ruckus, the speaker adjourned the House briefly. But, when it reconvened at 3pm, the independents continued their protest in the well of the House, while Siddaramaiah requested for a debate. When Bhat reiterated his earlier ruling, Congress members shouted slogans against the government and again trooped into the well of the House. The deputy speaker adjourned the House for the day.Speaker bowls a googlyOpposition Congress and five independents wore black badges hoping to give the speaker and ruling BJP members some embarrassing moments. But Bopaiah pulled off a minor victory when deputy speaker Yogish Bhat arrived to conduct the House. Sources said Bopaiah cited personal reasons for not being in the Chair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721628", "title": "NDC delegation meets CM", "text": "PATNA: A 17-member National Defence College delegation led by Biswas Mehta called on CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday and discussed various issues, particularly economic development and empowerment of Panchayati Raj institutions in Bihar.The delegation, during its two-day stay, visited some rural areas and met panchayat representatives, besides visiting Patna Museum and Takht Harmandir Sahib and plans to go to Rajgir, Nalanda and Bodh Gaya. Mehta told the CM that the delegation was quite impressed with the developmental works in the state.The delegation included Capt S Badhya, Brig Sunil Srivastava, Brig Sharanjit Singh, Brig Gopal RSM, Brig Arvind Dutta, Brig P K Sharma, Brig A P Singh, CMDE Mohit Gupta, Air CMDE I P Bipin, Col Mohammad Saleh (Afghanistan), Col Francis Kiratu Muknga (Kenya), Col Sammporn Yospolsens (Thailand), Capt Fakhrul Islam (Bangladesh) and others.The CM told them about the glorious history of Bihar saying this land sent message of peace and knowledge to the world. The state has a lot of historical and religious places which attract tourists across the world, including Nalanda Mahavihara and Vikramshila, Vishnupad temple in Gaya, tomb of Hazrat Sharfuddin Yahya Maneri, Biharsharif, besides Bodh Gaya, Rajgir and Vaishali.Nitish also informed them about the proposed construction of world class museum at Patna.Chief secretary Navin Kumar, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani and CM's secretaries- were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725039", "title": "Sangitha and Krish celebrate third wedding anniversary", "text": "Actress Sangitha and singer Krish are a happy lot. The two recently celebrated their third wedding anniversary.Krish wrote on his microblogging page, \"Mr Krish, you have been married for three years! Same woman! Fellow, you are a legend. Hahaha... Love u Sanu...\" Sangitha also tweeted, \"Yes, it's been three years. Time just flew...\" Krish and Sangitha were one couple who didn't shy away from the media. The two were always seen together at filmi dos and after a couple of years of courtship, the two tied the knot in Thiruvannaamalai three years ago. Here's wishing the couple a happy and successful future together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11722285", "title": "Romney bags easy win at Florida", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican contender for White House Mitt Romney regained momentum and frontrunner status in his effort to challenge Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election by comfortably winning the Florida state primary on Tuesday against main rival Newt Gingrich and two other aspirants for the party nomination.Romney's superior organizational network in Florida and greater financial heft ensured that he romped home comfortably, winning 46% of the votes to Gingrich's 32% in the largest state to vote so far in party primaries.Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum won 13% and Texas Congressman Ron Paul , 7%.The protracted Republican race now moves on to heartland states such as Nevada , Colorado, Missouri, etc where Romney supporters feel he is on firmer ground. But his rivals, notably Gingrich , said they were not quitting the race, indicating a prolonged tussle that could be debilitating for the Republican Party is in store.Romney walloped Gingrich in Florida with strident criticism and a blizzard of negative ads attacking him after the upset loss in South Carolina that appeared to open up the GoP race.But unless Gingrich is flooded with money to match the Romney war chest and/or his rival self-destructs , it looks difficult for the feisty former House speaker, who has run an on-off campaign with spotty support in some parts of the country.Gingrich told reporters in Orlando that he will continue campaigning until June or July , \"unless Romney drops out sooner\". The next contest is in Nevada on Saturday, a Romney stomping ground that he won with 51% vote in 2008 before eventually dropping out.Nevada holds a caucus, which is an informal, open process involving local gatherings and meetings to support a candidate, and different from a primary which involves state-wide secret ballot. There are eight caucuses or primaries in the five weeks from now to 'Super Tuesday' on March 6 when ten states jump into the process on a single day.While many Democrats believe the long-drawn scrap in the Republican Party will leave it divided, Romney, positioning himself as the eventual challenger, rubbished it saying a competitive primary will prepare the party for a winning ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11722065", "title": "\u2018Professor had sent anthrax to Gilani office\u2019", "text": "ISLAMABAD:In the first incident of its kind, a woman university professor from southern Sindh sent a parcel containing deadly anthrax powder to Pakistani PM's secretariat, police said on Wednesday.The incident triggered an alarm prompting police to launch an investigation.No one was affected by the anthrax and investigators were yet to determine the motive of the professor from Jamshoro University, officials were quoted as saying by the Pakistani media.The parcel was received at the PM's secretariat in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721426", "title": "63% in city say Mayawati govtfailed to check corruption", "text": "Its failure to check corruption was the biggest failure of the Mayawati government. In the TOI-Ipsos survey, 54% respondents have slammed the state government for its poor anti-corruption measures. When the voters of Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Allahabad were asked about the general performance of the current government, 50% responded in the negative.The Mayawati government has been given a low for the growing number of corruption cases. As many as 63% of Lucknow voters feel that the government has been found lacking on curbing corruption. The figure is the highest in Allahabad (64%) followed by Varanasi (48%) and Kanpur (40%).The percentage of those who are dissatisfied with the government was as high as 74% in Lucknow. This was a little flummoxing as the government spent more money on development projects in the state capital as compared to cities like Kanpur and Varanasi where 62% 57% respectively appeared satisfied with the present government. Nearly 51% of Allahabad voters also appeared not satisfied with the current government. A significant number of them looked confused as 25% 'can't say' how Mayawati ruled the state.When the voters were asked about the main achievements of the current state government, 32% of Lucknow voters gave a thumps up to Mayawati's stance on reservation of jobs for backward classes. Nearly 30% of Allahabad voters also feel the same, although only 8% of Kanpur voters find that the chief minister has done something extraordinary for the reservation of jobs for backward classes. The voters of Varanasi look at the crime scene as developing as 29% of them high-fives the government. Again, Kanpur voters (5%) are circumspect of Mayawati's stance on law and order control.Interestingly, 24% of Lucknow voters believe the current government worked towards rural development/Panchayati Raj. Nearly 17% of them also feels that the BSP government provided proper medical care, electricity supply (19%), is pro-farmers (14%) and help improve conditions of villages and villagers (22%). Maximum numbers of voters from Varanasi were skeptical when asked to point out the positives of the current state government. A total of 29% Varanasi voters 'can't say' how the duties were carried out.The electricity supply scenerio of the state has been decent, says 21% of Kanpur voters. Allahabad voters don't go by the statement as only 5% of them were satisfied with the present electricity supply scenario.BSP's stance for communal harmony, minorities, drought relief, inflation, road management, industrial policy, proverty, terrorism and foreign policy inspired miniscule percentage of voters.In total, reservation of jobs for backward classes, ability to maintain law &amp; order scene, children education, conditions of villages/villagers, helping farmers and welfare of girl child/women are endorsed as the achievements of the current state government.At a time when the prices of essential commodities are on the raise, 45% of Lucknow voters (37% in general) feel the state government could have done better. Law and order, electricity supply, umployment, justice for poor and terrorism are seen as bane of the Mayawati government.Ironically, at a time when the state government has started different projects in and around Lucknow, a maximum of 23% voters feel that development initiatives are not upto the norms. The figure is lowest in Kanpur (4%) followed by Varanasi (8%) and Allahabad (10%). 16% of voters of the age group 18-29 years disapprove Mayawati's development initiatives.49% of Kanpur voters rate the government badly on maintaining law and order and terrorism related issues. Voters from Kanpur also mention women and child welfare as an important issue where the government could have performed better. 14% of total women voters rate it as a low on the part of the state government.Other areas where the government has been questioned includes industrial development, state problems, job reservation (disliked in Allahabad), poor governance, proverty, medical health care, local problems and lack of leadership.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11719935", "title": "Composer Mohile passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Noted arranger and composer Anil Mohile passed away in Mumbai after suffering a cardiac arrest on Wednesday. He was 71.A veteran in the field of film music, Mohile, in the course of a career spanning over five decades, collaborated with top music directors such as S D Burman, Kalyanji-Anandji, Khayyam, Hridayanath Mangeshkar and Shrinvas Khale among others.Armed with impeccable knowledge of music and excellence in instrumentation, he helped the maestros embellish their compositions with engaging interlude pieces and the orchestra as well. Mohile carved a niche in the domain of popular music as arranger at Lata Mangeshkar's public concerts. While the melody queen took centre stage, Mohile, his back to the audience and dressed in trousers and gala-bandh, would conduct the orchestra with the elegance of a ballerina.Said Mangeshkar, \"Mohile was a gifted arranger. He knew the nuances of music-both Indian classical and Western. Our association with him lasted for over five decades.\"Recalling her earliest meeting with Mohile, Mangeshkar said, \"He was all of nine when I first saw him play the jal tarang at a public concert. He was marvellous.\" The young musician later excelled in the violin as well and began a stint in All India Radio, Mumbai. He wrote a letter to Mangeshkar, so goes the story, expressing his wish to work in filmdom as arranger. And it was she who introduced him to leading music directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ambedkarnagar", "code": "11726094", "title": "UP assembly elections: Rahul questions Mulayam on Muslims, Mayawati on 'UP shining'", "text": "AMBEDKARNAGAR: Aggressively campaigning for a foothold in Uttar Pradesh, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Thursday questioned Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's commitment to Muslims and charged chief minister Mayawati with living under the false impression that \"UP is shining\".\"Mulayam Singh Yadav says that reservation given to Muslims by the Congress is not adequate. He himself has been the chief minister of the state three times but did nothing on this front and when Rashid Masood raised this matter he was shown the door\", Rahul said here.\"Yadav says that he will give 28 per cent quota...SC has said that this is not possible but he is saying that he would give it. He thinks that people understand nothing\", he said.\"Mulayam Singh promises to provide power, water and quota and think that people would know nothing ... though he makes promises but when it is time to fight for the rights of the people he does nothing\", Rahul said adding that on election eve the leaders are ready to say everything that people want to hear.He said, \"Mualayam Singh has been chief minister thrice...we sent foodgrains and his men indulged in malpractices and your food was looted\".On Mayawati, Rahul said that she is living under the false impression that UP is shining.\"Her officials have told her that she is doing a lot of good work and that UP is shining\", he said.Rahul said, \"When Maywati became the chief minister, her officials told her that she is doing a lot of good work and so there is no need for her to meet farmers, labourers or to go to villages as UP is shining\".\"Mayawati also thought that UP is shining and she forgot to visit villages ... do you lack anything that she is not coming in your midst\", he said.The Congress leader said that the biggest shortcoming in India is that leaders do not come to you. \"They make promises and then forget all about them\", he said.\"I want to ask you when weavers were facing problems where was Mulayam Singh Yadav.. was he fighting for you on the roads... Mayawati was in her palace. Now both of them are saying that they will give power and quota. Actually all their promises are false and they will say whatever you want to hear\", he said.Holding all promises of round the clock power supply in the state as false, Gandhi said that the reality is that in the past 22 years not a single power house has been set up in the state.The Congress leader said that the intentions should be clear and he had good intentions and he has come here to change the state for which he is making only one promise.\"You are poor and there is no one to hear you. I will listen to you. Till you become a part of development I will keep standing here and continue to come in your midst\", he added.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11720685", "title": "Cops in trouble as man goes missing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police inspector M D Chaudhary is in deep trouble, as cops from Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad (rural) have failed to trace a person, who disappeared mysteriously immediately after Chaudhary interrogated him at Kalol police station.Cops from two districts are tracing the missing person on Gujarat high court's directions, but have failed to locate him. High Court (HC) has asked the concerned police inspector, Chaudhary, to remain present along with superintendent of police, Ahmedabad (rural) Rajiv Bhagat in court on Thursday, if police fail to trace the corpus. HC has also warned the cops of \"serious consequences\" if established that the person disappeared from police station.A resident of Changodar, Rajitram alias Raju Shukla went to Kalol police station on October 1, when inspector Chaudhary called him to record his statement in connection with a murder case. Since then, Shukla has not returned home. Police claim that they had allowed him to go after interrogation was over.The family members claim that Shukla was made to disappear from police custody only, and alleged the cops of not showing his arrest even after keeping him in custody for long. An FIR in connection with Shukla's disappearance was also lodged with the Changodar police station. On the other hand, the police records do not reveal that Shukla was ever arrested or he was even called for questioning. However, there is evidence that Chaudhary recorded his statement.When the police could not explain Shukla's disappearance, his wife Mamta filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court through advocate Ashish Dagli. A division bench immediately admitted the petition and sought explanation from police. When the bench found the reply unsatisfactory, it summoned cops in November and directed to trace Shukla. In December, cops came up with a theory that Shukla was alive and spotted by a witness in Gandhinagar district limits. On basis of this claim, HC asked DSPs of both Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad (rural) to look into the case. HC also roped in the IG level officer in the probe, but finally asked DSP Bhagat to trace Shukla, and remain present before the court on Thursday if he is not found. Sources said that police has got no trace of Shukla till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724731", "title": "Remo D'Souza's love story on Dance India Dance", "text": "It was one of the most endearing moments on Zee TV's Dance India Dance when Master Remo D'Souza blushed like a teenager on stage.Who made the tough guy Remo turn beetroot red? It was none other than Master Geeta Kapur who dedicated an entire act in this week's Maha-episode of DID on how Remo and his wife, Lizelle, first fell in love with each other years ago. Contestant Paul, who idolizes Master Remo, did full justice to the act with his immaculate sense of timing and display of emotions supported by the beautiful and talented Urvashi.The theme of the episode was 'Dedication' and Master Geeta thought it was the perfect opportunity to show the world the softer side of Master Remo, fondly known as Gabbar. Through Paul and Urvashi's ultra romantic performance on the songs Pehli nazar mein and Rabba main toh mar gaya, Master Geeta attempted to bring back memories of Remo and Lizelle's courtship days. Through the act, Geeta showed how the couple, both background dancers met on the dance floor and fell in love after endless clandestine meetings. Geeta says, \"Lizelle and I go a long way. Girls share a lot with each other compared to Remo who is usually tight lipped about his personal life. Both of them are very dear to me.I just wanted to take them down memory lane through this act.\" Remo was stunned to see his love story being enacted and just could not thank Geeta enough. He just managed to mumble a few words in a state of excitement and surprise saying, \"Thank you Geeta for such a touching act. I didn't know you knew so much about me and Lizelle!\" Quipped Grandmaster Mithun Da, \"Let me tell everybody that Master Remo was the pioneer of 'missed call romance'. He used to give 100 missed calls every day on Lizelle's phone.\" Said a beetroot red Remo in his defense, \"Dada, those were the days when I was struggling to find my feet in the industry and cell phone calls were rupees 16 a minute.\" Dada was also the one to break the news that it was Lizelle who proposed to Remo by putting a ring in a champagne bottle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719910", "title": "Sorry state of hostels angers Chief Justice", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the AP High Court comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar on Wednesday expressed their deep anger and disappointment at the manner in which the state government was handling social welfare hostels in the state, particularly in the city.Describing it as a 'very sorry state of affairs', the bench directed the government to place before it in two days the budgetary allocation made in the last five years and the actual expenditure for the maintenance and upkeep of the hostels. The bench refused to grant the additional advocate general any further time in this regard. \"If you are helpless, file a counter and then we will deal with the matter,\" the chief justice said.It may be recalled that the bench had earlier treated a communication in this regard as a writ petition and appointed advocate C. Praveen Kumar as amicus curiae. The lawyer visited the hostels and submitted his report, which contradicted the claims of the government and also pointed to poor allocation of funds for the daily dietary needs of the students.On Wednesday, narrating his observations during his visit to the hostels at Asmangadh for BC students and the hearing impaired, the advocate said there were windows without grills and windows with broken panes. He pointed out that while the government was filing counters and making assurances of improving the system, even owners of the premises were complaining about non-payment of rent.Justice Lokur expressed his shock at the manner in which students were supplied blankets only when the amicus visited the hostel. With no space to keep them, he wondered why blankets were given to the students. The bench further directed the respondent to list out the steps taken, intended to be taken and the time-frame to implement the same in an affidavit on Friday.The bench made it clear that it would examine the action of the authorities in the context of the duties under the Juvenile Justice Act and not hesitate to punish the officials. \"Let them be prepared to go to jail, \" the chief justice said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721357", "title": "Kapil to sponsor city golf team", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After cricket it is golf that is hitching IPL bandwagon. And Chandigarh will have its own team in inaugural championship named Louis Philippe Cup to be held at the KGA Golf Club, Bangalore from March 5-12. The team will be led by Ganganjeet Bhullar.Bhullar will be teaming up with with two professionals Harendra P Gupta and Sujjan Singh a?? both hailing from Chandigarh a?? in their hunt to win the IPL-style tournament featuring nine city-based teams. None other than cricket legend Kapil Dev will be one of the sponsor of the team.While the Dev-Ellora pro team for the Louis Philippe Cup has been finalised, the three member amateur team will be selected based on the performance in the two qualifying rounds.The qualifiers will be held at the Chandigarh Golf Club (February 4) and Panchkula Golf Club (February 12). With India's top 18 golfers representing 9 cities: Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai, Kolkota, Lucknow, Delhi, Gurgaon, Ahmedabad and Chandigarh, the Louis Philippe Cup has the toughest field. The Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI) announced on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "11720034", "title": "More babus, Dubai ruler\u2019s aide chargesheeted in Emaar case", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: After arresting Andhra Pradesh principal secretary (home) B P Acharya two days ago, the CBI booked two more IAS officers including a retired one in its chargesheet filed on Wednesday against seven persons and five real estate companies including Dubai-based Emaar Properties in connection with alleged irregularities in the sale of villas, plots and flats in an integrated township project in Hyderabad.The other IAS officers include Acharya's batch-mate and executive officer of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam L V Subrahmanyam and retired Andhra Pradesh industry secretary K V Rao -who took voluntary retirement a few years ago.Rao is the son-in-law of former Union minister P V Rangaiah Naidu. Subramanyam also held key positions during the Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Reddy regimes.Acharya, who had earlier served as vice-chairman and managing director of state-run Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), was arrested by CBI on Monday.The agency, in its chargesheet filed in a Hyderabad court, alleged that all the accused \"hatched conspiracy during the period 2002 to 2010 to defraud the APIIC and thereby Andhra Pradesh government, in the matter of sale of villas, plots, apartments and other ventures pertaining to the integrated project\".Besides Emaar Properties, the other four companies charge-sheeted by CBI are: Emaar Hills, Township Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad (EHTPL); Emaar MGF Land Ltd, Delhi &amp; Hyderbad; Stylish Homes Real Estates Pvt Ltd, Delhi &amp; Hyderbad and BHLPL (Boulder Hills Leisure Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad).\"In pursuance of the conspiracy, the public servants had abused their respective official positions and facilitated the private real estate companies to sell the villas, plots at exorbitant rates to the buyers, remitting only the documented sale consideration to a Hyderabad-based real estate company, and allegedly swindling away the unaccounted extra sale consideration received in cash,\" the CBI said.According to the chargesheet, the accused public servants were also instrumental in fixing the lease rentals detrimental to the interest of APIIC. The villas and plots were sold contrary to the objectives of the integrated project originally mooted by the Andhra Pradesh government.It said, \"Three private persons have acted as conduits to collect excess sale considerations from the villas, plot buyers and the unaccounted money was not reflected in the books of accounts of the Dubai &amp; Hyderabad-based real estate firms. Hence, the same could not be shared with APIIC which had 26% stake in the project.\"The private persons chargesheeted by CBI include Koneru Rajendra Prasad , Srikant Joshi, Madhu Koneru and T Ranga Rao.The CBI had filed an FIR against Acharya and others in the case in August last year. The Andhra Pradesh High Court had earlier ordered a preliminary probe by CBI into the allegations made by the then state textiles minister P Shankar Rao about irregularities in the APIIC-Emaar Properties project deal.The chargesheet was filed before the special judge for CBI cases, Hyderabad under sections 120-B, 420, 109, 409, 477-A of IPC and Sec.13(2) r/w 13(1)(c) &amp; (d) and Sec.15 of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.The chargesheet, however, did not charge Sunil Reddy, a key aide of Jaganmohan Reddy and MGF functionary G Vijay Raghav. Both are behind bars but CBI said investigations against them were still on and that an additional chargesheet on their role would be filed later.The chargesheet said all people named had entered into a criminal conspiracy to cheat the state of Andhra Pradesh in the sale of villas, hotel project, golf course, convention centre etc in a prime land of 535 acres in Manikonda area of Greater Hyderabad as well as connived to reduce the stake of APIIC in the Emaar Hills Township Project joint venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727372", "title": "February engagement for Kareena?", "text": "Speculation over Kareena's impending marriage with Saif continues...Wedding of Bollywood actors is news of public interest and thus an overdose of speculation is guaranteed.News of Rani Mukherjee getting married every six months, John Abraham getting secretly married every now and then is common.Kareena-Saif marriage is another 'popular news'.Its now said, the two are planning to get engaged on Feb 10. The day will also see the release of Kareena's film 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu'.When we met up Kareena a few days back, she told TOI.com, \"Yes we are definitely thinking of marriage but it all depends on our film commitments. I am busy promoting Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, then Agent Vinod and also shooting for Heroine. So all depends on when's the right time.\"The actress also denied of Ritu Kumar designing her wedding outfit. \"That's not true\" she said.The wedding news has put both Saif and Kareena in spotlight. \"I am only asked about the marriage. No one seems interested in our films anymore\" laughed Kareena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721325", "title": "'Locals not given jobs at Goan institutes outside state'", "text": "PANAJI: Lamenting that Goans are not being preferred for employment in Goan institutions outside the state, Goenkarancho Ekvott in New Delhi has called for the state government to step in and reverse this trend.Suman Kurade, president of Goenkarancho Ekvott in New Delhi, said that there was not a single Goan employed at the two prominent Goan institutions in Delhi where visiting Goans reside-Goa Niwas and Goa Sadan.This, she felt contributed to the lack of Goan ambiance and culture at these institutions.\"First they employed an accountant, then a typist. Even the three drivers employed there are relatives of a former governor and chief secretary,\" Kurade added.\"When some women candidates applied for the post of junior candidates, they said they don't want female applicants. Why this gender bias?\" she questioned.\"Goans who have applied (for jobs) have been treated shabbily. They are dissuading Goans from joining government institutions,\" she added.She said she had approached the chief minister and other state government officials in this regard, but no action was forthcoming.Kurade also urged the government to set up a Goa information centre as well as a library stocking Goan literature at the Goa Niwas, which was inaugurated a year ago.She said the upkeep of the Goa Niwas has been handed over to a franchise owned by a private contractor. Kurade observed that the food prices at the Niwas were exorbitant and this was forcing visitors at the Niwas to have meals at the neighbouring Tamil Nadu institution canteen.She also lamented that the Goa handicrafts centre has been opened in a remote location and was deterring visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11721003", "title": "Borewell water full of killer chemicals", "text": "BANGALORE: The permissible limit is 45mg of nitrates per litre of water. But the reading for underground water in Sanjay Gandhi Nagar is 335mg/ litre and in Old Yelahanka, 335mg/ litre. Even more shocking is the 554mg/ litre in Nayandahalli on Mysore Road.Water researcher and former official of the mines and geology department M V Shashirekha made these disturbing findings at the Water Summit under way in the city.All these figures are way beyond permissible limits and Bangaloreans are unknowingly consuming chemical-rich, contaminated water. Doctors warn that these chemicals can cause various health hazards. \"Many doctors approached me to test water samples whenever they were unable to diagnose the ailment, because they suspected that water could be the cause. Indiscriminate industrial discharge and sewage seeping into underground water pose health threats to people in the city.''\"The city is dependent on ground water because many of its 219 lakes are dead, others are encroached, and the city is far from the coast. But ground water pollution is the biggest threat,\" she said.Methemoglobinemia is the primary disease that strikes people who consume an overdose of nitrates. Fluorides are equally harmful and the permissible limit of fluoride in water is 1.5mg/litre. But the figures for Bellandur are threatening. \"Many people think iron content in water is good but that is a myth. Iron content up to 0.3mg/ litre in water is permissible, whereas Yeshwanthpur has iron content of 39.5mg per litre and Vidyaranayapura has 28.7mg per litre. Hard water is not good for health,\" she said.\"It is better to invest one rupee for quality water supply than spending Rs 7-15 for health treatment,\" said Dr Glen T Daigger, president of International Water Association.Ground water in bangalore urban, rural areasExcess nitrateNayandahalli------------------------554 mg/lSanjay Gandhi Nagar---------------375 mg/lOld Yelahanka-----------------------335 mg/lAnjananagar-------------------------298 mg/lSanthammanahalli------------------294 mg/lPermissible limit: 45mg/lExcess flourideBellandur ---- 5.32mg/lBidarahalli ---- 4.49mg/lPermissible limit: 1.5mg/lExcess hardnessNagasandra --------------- 2,720 mg/lHBS Layout--------------- 2,552 mg/lHoodi------------------------2,040 mg/lPermissible limit: 600mg/lExcess total ironKariammana Agrahara ------- 48.5 mg/lVidyaranyapura----------------- 39.5 mg/lSubedar Chatram Road--------32.4 mg/lYeshwanthpur -------------------28.7 mg/lPermissible limit: 1mg/l(Source: Mines and geology department study)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720100", "title": "Rane takes on 'allies' Pawar, Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: The campaign for civic and zilla parishad polls took an ugly turn on Tuesday with former Shiv Sena leader Narayan Rane , now industries minister, attacking senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders, including deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and home minister R R Patil. He claimed they were responsible for large-scale violence in the Konkan region during last month's municipal council elections and for non-development of his home town, Sindhudurg district.Pawar said if Rane proved that he was involved in the violence, he would quit politics or else he should, while Patil said the industries minister had a habit of making baseless statements.At a largely attended public meeting at Kudal in Sindhudurg district, Rane said that for over a year they targeted him at weekly cabinet meetings.The former chief minister blamed Pawar for non-allocation of grants for Sindhudurg's development. \"Pawar should be blamed for poor budgetary provision for the district. I had suggested a massive amount but as finance minister he cut it drastically. I am determined to ensure progress of the entire Konkan region and will teach both a lesson,\" he said.Rane alleged that the violence was engineered by both. \"There was an attempt to attack my son. NCP activists came from Mumbai to engineer violence. I will not tolerate such activities,\" he said.On law and order, Rane alleged that compared to Pune, the home town of Pawar, and Sangli, the home town of Patil, the situation was better in Konkan, particularly in Sindhudurg district.Rane threatened to hold election rallies in Pune and Sangli. \"I am not afraid of Pawar or Patil. I will campaign against NCP nominees there,\" he said.But Patil claimed that Pune and Sangli were peaceful. \"No minister in Sangli was ever booked on charges of murder,\" Patil remarked, apparently referring to a murder case in Sindhudurg some years ago, in which Rane was a co-accused. Rane was subsequently acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "11724461", "title": "Sony's new CEO's biggest challenge", "text": "TOKYO: Incoming Sony Corp Chief Executive Officer Kazuo Hirai's biggest challenge will be to solve a puzzle that bedeviled Howard Stringer for eight years: how to make money selling televisions.Japan's largest electronics exporter said yesterday that Hirai, 51, will succeed Stringer, 69, in April. Sony's TV business may lose 175 billion yen ($2.3 billion) this fiscal year, adding to the 480 billion yen in losses since 2004.Sony has lost ground to South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co and LG Electronics Inc, both of which sell TVs profitably. The Tokyo-based company and fellow Japanese television makers Sharp Corp and Panasonic Corp have been crippled by the strength of the yen, which forced Sharp to predict a record $3.8 billion loss yesterday.\"The most pressing issue is to turn around the TV business,\" said Ryosuke Katsura, analyst at Mizuho Securities Co. \"Then he can prove to investors that he can make a change, but investors are skeptical how much he can do.\"Hirai, who worked in the company's music and entertainment divisions, established his reputation by turning around Sony's PlayStation unit and edged out three other candidates with engineering backgrounds for the top job.Born in Tokyo on Dec. 22, 1960, Hirai grew up in Japan and the US, graduating from the International Christian University in Tokyo in 1984 with a bachelor's degree in liberal arts.Cycling, drivingAfter graduation, he joined a joint venture set up in Tokyo by Sony and CBS Inc. The business later became Sony Music Entertainment Inc, Sony's main music unit.Hirai, whose hobbies include cycling, driving, as well as collecting cameras, watches, model railroads and telescopes, moved to Sony Computer Entertainment America in 1995 and became president of the U.S. unit in 1999. He was promoted to president of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. in 2006, replacing Ken Kutaragi, developer of the PlayStation.\"The path we must take is clear: to drive the growth of our core electronics businesses - primarily digital imaging, smart mobile and game; to turn around the television business and to accelerate the innovation that enables us to create new business domains,\" Hirai said in a statement.The Japanese company is revamping the main TV business that is forecast to lose 262.5 billion yen in the two years to March 2013 because of a strengthening yen against the dollar and euro, and competition with rivals including Samsung.Appreciating Yen An appreciating yen that damps the repatriated value of Sony's overseas sales -- while a weakening won inflates Samsung and LG's -- and weakening consumer demand has prompted Sony to forecast an unprecedented fourth consecutive annual loss in the year to March. The company will discuss the health of its TV business while reporting its third-quarter earnings today. \"Japanese TV makers are facing too many troubles; the stronger yen, falling prices, sluggish demand and sliding market share due to competition,\" said Yoshihiro Okumura, who helps manage the equivalent of $365 million at Chiba-Gin Asset Management Co. in Tokyo. \"If they can introduce a hit product or a next generation product, then the situation may change.\"The maker of Bravia televisions, Vaio computers and PlayStation game consoles may project a wider loss than predicted three months ago, according to analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg . Sony in November said it may have a 90 billion yen loss in the year to March. That compares with the 147 billion yen average loss projected by 18 analysts. Sony hasn't had four consecutive years of losses since it was listed in 1958.Sony's slide Sony, which slid by more than 60 per cent since Stringer took the helm in June 2005, fell 0.2 percent to $18.19 in New York trading yesterday, after the announcement.The company's Tokyo shares weren't traded today as the Tokyo Stock Exchange suspended trading of 241 companies because of a computer glitch. The stock slumped 53 per cent last year, lagging behind a 26 per cent jump for Apple Inc and an 11 per cent gain for Suwon, South Korea-based Samsung.\"It was my honor to recommend him to the board for the positions of president and CEO, because he is ready to lead, and the time to make this change is now,\" Stringer said in the statement. Sony, which exited a display-panel venture with Samsung and bought out partner Ericsson AB's stake in their mobile-phone partnership, has introduced new tablet computers and game devices to take on Apple and try to revive profit.Sony's rating was cut by Moody's Investors Service last month and Fitch Ratings in December, with both citing the difficulty of turning around the unprofitable TV business. Moody's, which assigned a negative outlook to Sony, also downgraded Panasonic Corp's rating.Losing value Sony has been hobbled by a yen that reached a postwar high, waning sales, a Japan earthquake that crippled factories and Thailand flooding that cut production. Worth $100 billion in September 2000, Sony is now valued at $18 billion, compared with Cupertino , California-based Apple at $425 billion.The world's No. 3 TV maker lowered its annual sales projection to 20 million sets from 22 million in November and said it was taking a 50 billion yen charge for streamlining the TV operation.The company is countering with plans to write down the value of some facilities, reduce the number of models and cut expenses at its marketing units. \"There was such a huge expectation when Sony announced its first foreign CEO,\" said Koji Toda, chief fund manager at Resona Bank Ltd. in Tokyo, which oversees the equivalent of $68 billion. \"Hirai needs to rebuild Sony so that the company can produce something that cannot be copied by others. Sony was once such a company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11722196", "title": "\u2018German satellite was 7 min from smashing into Beijing\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Beijing was 'perilously close' to a major catastrophe when it came directly in the flight path of a bus-sized defunct German satellite when it plunged into the Bay of Bengal last October, the European Space Agency said.The consequences of chunks of the 2.5 tonne Rosat satellite falling into Beijing city, inhabited by some 20 million people, would have been catastrophic.Parts of the satellite would likely have torn deep craters into the city, may have destroyed buildings and almost certainly would have resulted in human casualties. It was \"perilously close\" , to hitting Beijing at nearly 300 miles per hour, the European Space Agency said.\"Beijing lay directly in the path of its last orbit,\" Daily Mail quoted Manfred Warhaut of the European Space Operations Centre in Darmstadt , Germany as saying.But scientists had no way of controlling it once it went out of business miles above the earth.\"Our calculations showed that, if Rosat had crashed to the ground just seven to 10 minutes later, it would have hit Beijing,\" Heiner Klinkrad, head of the ESA's Space Debris team said.An impact \"was very much within the realm of possibility ,\" Klinkrad said.Normally, some 20% to 40% of a satellite reaches the Earth's surface when it falls out of orbit.\"But with Rosat, we knew it would be around 60% because it was made out of particularly heavy and durable parts,\" said Klinkrad.Rosat was one of the closest-run things yet involving 'space junk' returning to earth. Rosat went aloft on June 1, 1990 when launched into orbit from Cape Canaveral on a quest to search for the sources of X-ray radiation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724537", "title": "Dia Mirza and Sameera Reddy off to WIFW", "text": "Dia Mirza and Sameera Reddy will attend the upcoming edition of the Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week ( WIFW), to be held from February 15 to 19 at Pragati Maidan.The actresses will be present for designer duo Shantanu and Nikhil's opening show. Shantanu confirmed, \"Sameera and Dia will be among those present in the front row. They both wear our drape line often and we wanted them, as our muses, to witness the show from the front row. This time, we want them to add the glam factor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11721368", "title": "Talwinderjeet in prime form", "text": "CHANDIGARH: St Stephen's School Cricket Academy beat Paragon Senior Secondary School Mohali by 50 runs in the Sardar Bhagwant Singh Memorial Cricket Tournament 2012, organized by Vivek High Asian Cricket Academy played at Vivek High School Sector 38 on Wednesday.St Stephen's School Cricket Academy won the toss and elected to bat first. They made 174 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 25 overs. Talwinderjeet Singh was the top scorer with 66 runs, while Lovish made 32 runs. Rishu Chopra also scored 30 runs to swell the total.For Paragon boys, Sidharthscalped three wickets by giving away 25 runs. Garry scalped two wickets by giving away 18 runs. In reply, Paragon Senior Secondary School Mohali were all out for 124 runs in 19.2 overs. Sidhath scored 42 runs, while Varinder chipped in with 23 runs.For St Stephen's boys', Aman's five-for wrecked the opposition. He gave away just 17 runs. Gauravalso took three wickets by giving away 20 runs. Talwinderjeet Singh also bagged two wickets by giving away 8 runs.The man-of-the-match award was bagged by Talwinderjeet Singh who scored 56 runs and took tweo wickets. Vivek High Asian Cricket Academy will take on St Stephen's School Cricket Academy (10am) and Himachal Cricket Academy will take on Paragon Senior Secondery School Mohali (2pm) on Saturday.Brief scores: (St Stephen's School Cricket Academy): 174 runs for 9 wkts in 25 overs (Talwinderjeet Singh 66, Lovish 32, Rishu Chopra 30, Sidharth 3/25, Garry 2/18; (Paragon Senior Secondary School, Mohali): 124 runs for all out in 19.2 overs (Sidhath: 42, Variender 23, Aman 5/17, Gaurav 3/20, Talwinderjeet Singh 2/8); Man of the Match: Talwinderjeet Singh: 56 runs and 2 wkts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11720221", "title": "Two brothers crushed to death", "text": "JAIPUR: Two brothers who were traveling on a motorcycle to the regional transport office located at Jagatpura were killed on Wednesday after a truck coming from the opposite direction lost control and its load of stones fell on the young men and their vehicle.According to the police, Bijesh Kumar (22) and Yogesh Kumar (20) were on their way to RTO office, Jagatpura for some work in the morning. When they were approaching the tri-circle close to the main gate of RTO, the driver of the truck lost control after which the load fell on the bikers.\"Despite the fact that both were wearing helmets, they sustained grave injuries. Hues and cries witnessed on the spot and hundreds of people gathered to arrange for a vehicle to get the seriously injured duo to the hospital,\" a senior police officer of accident (East) police station told TOI.Police said the duo was declared brought dead to the hospital. Both had sustained multiple and serious injuries including in the head.Bijesh and Yogesh were natives of Mandhoraj Pura near Phagi village, almost 35 km from here, and were pursuing MA and BA respectively at a private college in Jaipur. They were also into private jobs to earn for their seven-member family including a brother and two sisters, police said.After identifying that both the victims were real brothers, police hesitated to contact the father of the youths and intimated some of the villagers and close family friends.\"We have not informed about the tragedy to his father... It is difficult to give such news to him. For him, it could be devastating,\" said Mangilal, one of the villagers who came to the mortuary.Asked if police managed to locate the fleeing truck driver, an officer said, \"Efforts were on but there is no major breakthrough.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11722601", "title": "Euros worth Rs 13 crore seized from passenger at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Airport customs officials on Tuesday seized 19, 795 euros (estimated around Rs 13 crore) from a passenger bound for Frankfurt via Dubai .Officials found more than 8,795 euros concealed in clothes in his hand baggage and 11,000 euros were recovered from his checked-in baggage .Customs officials seized the currency as the passenger did not have valid documents for the legal purchase of foreign currency.He was arrested for the violation of Foreign Exchange Management Act which permits a passenger to take foreign currency worth Rs 7,500 while travelling abroad, said a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11726580", "title": "Radiotherapy unit in NRS Medical College lies unused", "text": "KOLKATA: This swanky four-storied building of the radiotherapy unit at NRS Medical College and Hospital's (NRSMCH) has no patients for nearly a year now. Expanded with the aim of starting indoor facilities for cancer patients, the project has failed to take off. Reason - lack of manpower to run the unit.The unit was proposed to have a total of 60 beds and it was to start functioning with 20. The 20-bed indoor unit was inaugurated by the former health minister Surjya Kanta Mishra in February, 2011. Since then, the building is lying idle.This indoor unit was to facilitate the treatment of seriously ill cancer patients. It was also to provide facilities to patients receiving radiotherapy or chemotherapy. In the absence of indoor facilities cancer patients in NRSMCH are now admitted in other departments or are referred to other hospitals.According to hospital sources, the radiotherapy unit was revamped at a cost of about Rs 2 crore so that the department could run the indoor ward. But no additional recruitment has been made after the indoor facility was commissioned. The department needs seven medical officers, 12 nursing staff and an equal number of group D staff and technicians. These posts were sanctioned a year and half ago. But no recruitment has been made in order to fill in the vacancies.\"The hospital administration is talking it out with health department officials to solve the problem. If everything goes fine, the indoor facility would become operational by February,\" said radiotherapy department head Dr Subir Ganguly.On an average, about 200 patients come to the radiotherapy day care centre everyday for radiotherapy and another 40 patients come for chemotherapy. Many of these patients need to take the therapy on consecutive days. Since there is no indoor ward to admit them, they either have to travel to and from their homes or stay the night under the open sky in the hospital premises as a majority of them come from the districts.Medical superintendent and vice principal Dr SC Santara said that an acute manpower crunch is an obstacle in starting the unit. According to him, the hospital needs about 20 nursing staff for the radiotherapy indoor unit and 10 bed neurology ICU along with group D staff, technicians and doctors.\"If we get a part of the required manpower, we could make the two facilities operational. Say, if we need six doctors, we could start functioning with two doctors for the time being. Health department officials have communicated that we will get some staff for the two units very soon. Hopefully, we will be able to begin the facility once that is done,\" said Santara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11720355", "title": "Maval SDO discharged in bribe case", "text": "PUNE: Sub-divisional officer and magistrate Sanjaysinh Ramrao Chavan of Maval was discharged by the court of special judge S D Tulankar in an alleged bribe case.The director general of police of the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) has recommended a departmental inquiry against Chavan as there is not enough evidence to file a chargesheet against him, said the judge in her order.The ACB had arrested Suhas Soma, another suspect in the case, for allegedly accepting Rs 75,000 as bribe on behalf of Chavan, who was also arrested on November 23, 2010.The allegations against them were that they had demanded a bribe from complainant Dattatraya Phadke to issue a non-agricultural land certificate to his wife Ashwini so that a petrol pump could be opened.The complainant's lawyer argued that Chavan's closure report filed as per section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code should be rejected as Chavan was being prosecuted under a special act (Prevention of Corruption Act).The lawyer argued that the investigating officer had sent a proposal seeking sanction to prosecute Chavan, but the ACB director general of police recommended a departmental inquiry against him and ordered that a closure report be filed.Chavan's lawyer, Vidhyadhar Koshe, argued that his client had gone to Kerala on leave between November 13 and 21, 2010 and that his employee Soma had made the alleged bribe demand from Phadke on No-vember 18.Koshe said that the case record showed that Chavan had signed the non-agriculture certificate on November 22, a day prior to his arrest and that all these facts had been considered by the director general of police to show that his client had been implicated in the case.He submitted that the ACB chief was within his rights to issue directions to file a closure report if there was not sufficient evidence against his client.He contended that the director general's order stated that the vague conversation between the complainant and Chavan at the time of verification would not help the prosecution as there was no evidence of demand and acceptance against Chavan.Tulankar considered the closure report and discharged Chavan from the bribe case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11721580", "title": "Crescendo to strike a chord with youth", "text": "NAGPUR: Yugantar Education Society's Tirpude Group of Institutions (TGI) has organized an intercollegiate Youth Festival 'Crescendo-2012' from February 3 to 5.The mega event brings together the student community of the region under one umbrella for three days full of fun, frolic and entertainment. Crescendo is divided into 'Crescendo Cultural' and 'Crescendo Sportz'. The former includes events like dance, quiz, war of DJs, blind date, rock and many more. The latter includes events like kite flying, mixed cricket, football , tug of war, treasure hunt etc.College youth can register for competitions at DMSR Tirpude College (2543965).Details can be had from Shashank (9970119214) or Snehali (9021710213) or Balwant (9561060405).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11725097", "title": "2G scam: SC scraps 122 licences granted under Raja's tenure, trial court to decide on Chidambaram's role", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major development having implications for the corporate sector, the Supreme Court on Thursday cancelled the 122 2G spectrum licences granted by former telecom minister A Raja on the ground that they were issued in a \"totally arbitrary and unconstitutional\" manner.Imposing a fine of Rs five crore each on three telecom companies, which offloaded their shares after getting the licenses, the court directed regulator Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) to make fresh recommendations on allocation of 2G licences.Asking the government to take steps on the recommendations of TRAI within a month, a bench comprising justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said the allocation of spectrum will be done through the policy of auction within four months.The order came on petitions filed by NGO CPIL and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy alleging scam in the allocation of spectrum licences by Raja in January, 2008 during the tenure of UPA-I government, on which the CAG had assumed the presumptive loss of upto Rs 1.76 lakhs.The 122 licences were given by Raja for over Rs 9,000 crore, while 3G auctions for a smaller number of licences had fetched the government a sum of Rs 69,000 crores.The companies that are set to lose on account of the cancellation of the licences are Uninor (joint venture between Unitech and Telenor of Norway ), Loop Telecom, Sistema Shyam (joint venture between Shyam and Sistema of Russia ), Etisalat DB (joint venture between Swan and Etisalat of UAE ), S Tel, Videocon, Tatas and Idea.Among the 122 licences issued by Raja in January 2008 on first-come first-serve basis, Uninor was alloted 22 pan India licences, Loop 21, Sistema-Shyam 21, Etisalat-DB 15, S Tel 6, Videocon 21, Idea 9 and Tatas 3.Reacting to the Supreme Court judgement Uninor, which has launched services in most of the circles, expressed shock and said that the company has been treated unfairly.\"We have been unfairly treated as we simply followed the government process we were asked to. We are shocked to see that Uninor is being penalised for faults the court has found in the government process,\" the company statement said.Noting that the order has not stopped the company operations for now Uninor said \"we expect the authorities to ensure that our 36 million customers, 17,500 workforce and 22,000 partners are not unjustly affected.\"Other new operators said that they would examine the order before commenting on the future course of action.Trial court to decide on Chidambaram's role in 2GThe Supreme Court on Thursday said the trial court will decide on Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's plea to make home minister Chidambaram a co-accused in the 2G spectrum allotment case, IANS reported. The apex court said that the trial court should decide the matter within two weeks. Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is hearing a separate petition of Swamy to prosecute Chidambaram, has already reserved his order for February 4.(Read: SC refuses to ask CBI to probe role of Chidambaram in 2G case)(Read: BJP asks PM to sack Chidambaram)SC asks CBI to submit status reports on 2G probe to CVCThe Supreme Court on Thursday asked the CBI to file status reports on its ongoing probe into the 2G spectrum allocation case to the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).The court's decision came on a plea for setting up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the 2G case, the bench asked CBI to submit status reports on further investigation into the matter to the CVC which will assist the court.The bench asked CBI to submit status reports on further investigation into the case to the CVC which will assist the court.Hailing the order, Swamy said the court's direction is a \"de facto SIT\".We can be proud of Supreme Court: Swamy after 2G orderJanta Party leader Subramanian Swamy on Thursday welcomed the Supreme Court order cancelling 122 licences granted to telecom companies during the tenure of former communications minister A Raja.The country was proud of its Supreme Court, Swamy -- who had filed the original petition before the apex court -- told reporters after the landmark order.\"This is the best judgment which could come... the country can be justifiably proud of the Supreme Court,\" Swamy, who had filed a petition in the Supreme Court, said.Licences to remain in place for 4 monthsLicences held by five companies including the local joint ventures of Norway's Telenor and Abu Dhabi's Etisalat were cancelled in the verdict, calling into question the stability of business contracts and regulation in India, Reuters reported.The Supreme Court ruling said the current licences will remain in place for four months, in which time the government should decide fresh norms for issuing licences, a lawyer involved in the case said.(Read: We have been unfairly treated, says Uninor)India's image as an investment destination was dented over the past year as the economy slowed, government reforms stalled and the telecoms scandals along with other high profile graft cases heightened concerns about government policies.Telenor has about 36 million subscribers in India and Etisalat has fewer, making them small players in a market dominated by Bharti Airtel , Vodafone and Reliance Communications .The telecoms scandal is the biggest of several that have emerged during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's second term and has weakened him. Two ministers, including former telecom minister Andimuthu Raja, who presided over the 2008 grant process, have resigned. Raja is in jail pending trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11721568", "title": "PM can't be absolved for PMO's acts, says Shivanand", "text": "PATNA: The JD(U) is of the opinion that the Prime Minister should not be absolved for the wrongdoings done by the PMO and be held accountable for the omissions and commission of his secretariat.Party national spokesman Shivanand Tiwari asked, \"If the PM is not accountable for the wrong done by the PMO, then who will be responsible?\" He said, \"After the SC verdict, the PM should resign on moral grounds.\"Reacting to the Supreme Court ruling of Tuesday, Tiwari said that the biggest problem in the Indian administrative system is that nobody is made accountable. \"The apex court has absolved the PM, but he cannot escape his responsibility. The PM must know what is happening in his office,\" he added.The JD(U) leader quoted a case of 1958 when the then Union minister T T Krishnamachari had attempted to absolve himself of his responsibility in the Hari Das Mundhra case. A one-man commission of the then Bombay High Court Chief Justice M C Chagla was constituted which held its meetings between January 20 and February 5, 1958, and submitted report after five days.Chagla had observed, \"In my opinion, in any case, it is clear that constitutionally the minister is responsible for the action taken by his secretary with regard to this transaction. It is clear that a minister must take responsibility for actions done by his subordinates.He cannot take shelter behind them nor can he disown the actions.\" Krishnamachari had to resign after this finding.Tiwari, however, welcomed the SC ruling regarding sanction for the prosecution of the public servants while upholding the right of a private citizen to seek sanction for prosecution of a public servant involved in corruption.The apex court set a deadline of four months for the government to decide on such a plea of giving sanction for prosecution of public servants facing corruption charges. \"This is a very good decision and will yield positive results as it is seen that the Centre and the state government sit over such pleas,\" he said.The JD(U) MP was highly critical of the Congress and called it 'Gangotri' of corruption.He questioned the location of the 'samadhi' of Sanjay Gandhi in close vicinity of Rajghat, describing Sanjay as 'symbol of corruption.' He also objected to a road in New Delhi named after Krishna Menon and said that the road name plaque be painted black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720691", "title": "Now, your MLA\u2019s report card up for display", "text": "New Delhi: If you want to know what your area MLA is doing with the development funds, you can now access his report card in the neighbourhood itself.Following a CIC order issued last year, close to 671 boards have been put up across 70 assembly constituencies, displaying how each MLA spent the local area development fund in the past two financial years. The large boards, listing details of expenditure of every project undertaken using the funds, have been installed at prominent locations in the constituencies, such as the offices of deputy commissioners of the district and government hospitals. A public notice regarding this will be issued soon.\"A sign board of appropriate dimension shall be installed, mentioning the details of expenditure of the current year and that of the previous year of the MLA under the local area development fund of each constituency,\" information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi had said in an order dated February 10, 2011. Though the government was supposed to put up the boards by March 15 and submit a compliance report by March 25 last year, the state has managed to complete the work only now.The display of information will now be a permanent feature. The department of urban development is compiling all this information in a booklet, which will be available for a nominal price at government offices such as the Delhi secretariat and MCD offices.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's report card is on display at the Cooperative Societies office at Parliament Street. Boards displaying projects undertaken by urban development minister A K Walia and education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely have been installed at the office of the deputy commissioner for east district. Pusa Labour office displays the fund utilization of labour minister Ramakant Goswami who represents Rajender Nagar. SG Hospital displays the work done by PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan who represents Mangolpuri. Information on work done by Ballimaran MLA and Delhi's power minister Haroon Yusuf is on display at GN Eye Hospital. The CIC order came in response to a complaint filed under the RTI Act by one Anjali Bhardwaj and 317 citizens from Sheikh Sarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhopall", "code": "11726691", "title": "On-the-spot fine plan fails to take off", "text": "BHOPALl: Idea of 'on-the-spot fine' for spitting in public places and littering could not be implemented in city on Wednesday due to lack of homework and planning.\"The proposal was passed just a day ago in the Council meet. It will take at least one month to practically execute it at the ground level,\" deputy commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI. \"We need to train the officials for the same,\" he added.The assistant health officers and a flying squad under the deputy commissioner will be eligible for imposing fines. Flying squads would comprise 8 to10 BMC employees. They are also supposed to fine people for parking old-abandoned vehicles on the roads, littering, spitting, throwing waste on footpath, letting the livestock in open, and for using polythene bags below 40 microns.People will be charged Rs 500 for letting their livestock open on the roads. If the same person is caught committing the crime again, he will be fined Rs 1,000 and for the third time, the violators will have to cough up Rs 2,000. Thereafter, they will be fined Rs 500 per day. Receipts will be given to people fined and a record of the same will be kept. Those throwing gutkha pouches on roads will be fined Rs 100.Due to lack of prior planning and homework, it may take another one month to practically implement it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720816", "title": "Cop's swift thinking splits Metro mob", "text": "New Delhi: The Tilak Nagar Metro station was ransacked by two groups - estimated at over 400 people - following an eve-teasing incident on Tuesday night.Two brothers - Saurav and Gaurav - were arrested for eve-teasing and later granted bail, police said. The presence of mind of a woman CISF inspector helped bring the situation under control. It was her idea to use a fire extinguisher to create a popping sound that scared the mob. The mob believed the CISF had resorted to firing and quickly dispersed, police sources said.\"Two persons - a woman, her fiance and his nephew - were returning from R K Puram Metro Station to Tilak Nagar when the two accused teased the woman on the metro. As the situation escalated, both sides called their relatives to the station and a fight ensued. It was only after additional police forces from west district and railways along with 200 cops of CISF reached the spot that the situation was brought under control after five hours,\" a police officer said.Glasses were broken and property damaged by both the groups at the Metro station, the police said.Meanwhile, the police have lodged an FIR against unnamed people for misbehaving with government servants, trying to instigate riots among others. The CISF too lodged a separate case against them. \"We are studying the CCTV footage. All the accused are locals and will be nabbed soon,'' an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11726753", "title": "Discom\u2019s move to hike power tariff opposed", "text": "INDORE: Challenging the decision of MP Western Power Distribution Company (MPWPDC) to hike the power tariff by 27% from 2012-13, a city-based NGO has filed a complaint with MP Electricity Regulatory Commission alleging that the company's decision was unjust.Convenor of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050, Kishore Kodwani, alleged that the company manipulated the figures to show losses, whereas the fact was that the company did not incur any loss.\"Therefore, there is no need to hike the tariff. The decision will have adverse impact on the industrial sector and it would put additional burden on the common man,\" said Kodwani. He further said that at a time when many companies evinced interest in investing in the city and the region, it was not proper to hike the tariff.As per the complaint, the distribution company claimed to have incurred losses to the tune of Rs 3,000 crore and on that basis, the company wanted to hike the tariff in a bid to fill the loss.However, the complainant alleged that MPWPDC showed inflated operating cost of Rs 1,182 crore and deflated revenue receipts of Rs 1,261 crore. The recovery of Rs 250 core in the form of penalty was allegedly not mentioned in the annual balance sheet. The complainant alleged that the company's account book did not mention the grant of Rs 960 core that it received from the government against the subsidy given to farmers. The grand total of these figures stood at Rs 3,653 crore, claimed Kodwani.\"Accordingly, the company is in profit of Rs 653 crore and there is no need to hike the power tariff,\" said Kodwani.Elaborating his point, he said that for the past several years, consumption had been increasing at a rate of 6.83% per year. In 2010-11, the consumption was 10.558 million units, which rose to 11,807 million units in 2011-12. At this rate, consumption for 2012-13 would be 12,633 million units but the company has shown the expected consumption figure of 14,680 million units, which is 17.34% more than the previous year's figure and demanded Rs 7,272 crore for the state government for purchasing 14,680 million units from the central pool. Here also, Rs 1,261 core more wash quoted than the amount required for purchasing power to meet the actual demand, Kodwani claimed.Similarly, the distribution loss in 2008-09 was 46.64% and it has been brought down to 24.33% in 2011-12. The distribution losses are expected to be just 20% for the year 2012-13. \"The distribution losses has been on the decline for past five years. This has pushed the unit consumption of electricity from 9,883 millions units in 2008-09 to 11,807 million units in 2011-12. But amount of electricity units purchased has remained the same.\"This means expanses were the same but the income increased and the company is claiming to be at loss,\" alleged Kodwani.Officials at MPWPDC refused to comment on the issue saying that there was no anomalies in the accounts.The decision may have adverse impact on the industrial sector and put additional burden on the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727134", "title": "Himachal to be the 1st state to become carbon-neutral by 2020:Dhumal", "text": "NEW DELHI, Himachal Pradesh would be the first state in the country to become carbon neutral by 2020 by undertaking \"carbon smart growth\", chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal claimed here today.\"The carbon footprint per capita in Himachal Pradesh has been assessed at 1.4 tonne per capita in comparison to national average of 1.57 tonnes per capita,\" Dhumal said while speaking at 12th Delhi Sustainable Development Summit.The summit with the theme \"Protecting the Global Commons: 20 years Post Rio\" is organised by The Energy and Resource Institute (TERI) headed by noted environmentalist R K Pachauri.Listing the initiatives taken for betterment of environment, he said the state government has signed an agreement with World Bank for harnessing carbon credits to generate revenue amounting to Rs 20 crores for 20 years under \"Bio--Carbon Projects \" in 177 gram panchayats in 10 districts of the stateHe said the state government has created \"Environment Fund\" through voluntary contribution from individuals and organisations for environment protection and stressed the need for more incentives and resources for financing mitigation and adaption strategies.As per the exercise to cut down carbon emission, he said the government departments have been asked to carry out their energy and environment audits and introspect on action and policies for mitigation and adaption measures.The government has started a mission called \"Community Led Assessment, Awareness, Advocacy &amp; Action Programme (CLAP)\" for environment protection and carbon neutrality at panchayat level under which initially 1000 panchayats will be covered out of total 3000 panchayats in the hill state.Dhumal said so far around 250 panchayats have been covered including the remotest Lahaul Spiti areas of the Himalayan state.The CM said the state government has launched \"Atal Bijli Bachat Yojna\" to reduce energy consumption and GHG emission by distributing free 4 CFL bulbs to every household in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11720036", "title": "Plea in HC to allow parking cars near BSE", "text": "MUMBAI: Irked by the blanket ban on entry of vehicles on Dalal Street and other roads around Bombay Stock Exchange , a Mumbai resident has approached Bombay HC. The ban came into place a year after 26/11.Pukhraj Bafna, co-owner of a building on Dalal Street, filed the petition after his pleas to allow him to park his cars in the building compound were stone-walled.\"The ban is unconstitutional and violates Bafna's rights as a citizen,\" his counsel Ashish Mehta said. The petition is to come up before Chief Justice early next week. A year after 26/11 attacks, the traffic police issued a notification under Motor Vehicles Act saying: \"The stretch of Dalal Street from the junction of Mumbai Samachar Marg to the Junction of Nagindas Master road shall be closed for all types of vehicular traffic from both the sides of the road for 24 hours.\"Shibu Thomas Bafna, who co owns Veena Chambers on Dalal street and has his office on the third floor of the building, is a senior citizen with a heart condition and claims that the ban has made his problems acute. The security officers of the BSE obstruct entry and parking of vehciles over a portion of the Ambalal Doshi Marg, Bombay Samachar Marg located in between Ambalal Doshi Marg and V B Gandhi Marg and entire Dalal Street situate between Bombay Samachar Marg and Nagindas Master Road.''The petitioner claimed that these were public roads maintained by the BMC and the BSE security officers had no right to cordon off the roads, causing hardship to the general public who visit the area. He also alleged that the officers allowed certain vehicles, while refusing entry to others without reason. The petition further said that no provisions for entry passes for vehicles were provided for persons who have offices in the buildings near BSE.Many other buildings and landmarks in Mumbai are facing similar Security threats but no government authority has imposed such harsh restrictions and prevented the entry and plying of vehicles on the roads,'' said the petition, urging the court to set aside the traffic police ban orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724682", "title": "Chennai crowd beats Monday evening blues", "text": "Chennai loves to party. Be it on that 'much-talked-about' Saturday night or even on a Monday night.They need to party doesn't change come rain, sunshine, weekday or weekend. This Monday, too, this city's party crowd headed to this happening nightspot, where they took part in some fun music activities, which also comprised of a quiz session amongst other things that were part of the jamboree. We spotted a whole host of the city's expat crowd at the nightspot. A whole host of good ol' rock 'n' roll was what the playlist mainly comprised of. There were also some popular new tunes, especially the rock ones, which had the ones in the party head-banging in their make believe dancefloor. What we loved most though was the city's passion to dress up right even on a Monday evening when heading out to party!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11721593", "title": "Taste of nadan mushi aattuvala soon to be memory", "text": "THRISSUR: With the wetlands dying out, popular freshwater fish like Asian catfish or magur (nadan mushi), butter catfish (thonnivala), tankgoby (poozhan) and wallago (attuvala) will soon vanish from Kerala, according to a study conducted by Wetland Research Laboratory, Christ College, Irinjalakuda.\"February 2 is observed as World Wetlands Day to raise public awareness about the values and benefits of wetlands. But we are not doing much to save them,\" said Dr S Sreekumar who carried out the research project along with Dr John K Thomas.The study titled 'The impact of land use changes of kol wetland' funded by ministry of environment and forest, government of India has found that there is a 70% decrease in presence of these fish in wetlands. The study was conducted in selected wetlands in different parts of Kerala.\"Asian catfish, butter catfish, tankgoby and wallago were seen in large quantity in the wetlands. But one can rarely find them now. Similarly, Clarias Batrachus the Indian catfish became extremely rare in the study area,\" Sreekumar said.The state has 1, 27,930.07 hectres of total wetland area according to state of environment report, 2007 KSCSTE (Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment.The present study indicates that wetlands are important and needs much attention not only as one of the most fertile areas for cultivation of rice, but also as a unique habitat for the breeding and conservation of a number of freshwater fish species. The study shows the unique wetland system witnessed very unhealthy land use since 1980. Extend of paddy cultivated area has registered a decline of 12.41% and mixed agriculture has increased 35.96% of the area within a period of three decades. and coconut cultivation together with settlement has shoot up to 43.55%.The study has found that there is 70 to 80% decrease in fish catch, especially during monsoon, in some specific fishing sites associated with kol wetlands.\"During the onset of monsoon, many freshwater fishes like cyprinids, siluriforms, and perciforms were found to migrate upstream to kol lands. Modifications in the water ways resulting from construction of cross roads, and barrages (with or without sluice gates) restrict the spawning migration of fishes that resulted in more than 70% decrease in the monsoon catch of fish,\" said Sreekumar.The study recommends that at least 10 hectares in each watershed areas of the kol wetland should be made as fish sanctuary so as to preserve the varieties of fish in wetlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11721390", "title": "BSP candidate consumespoison, battles for life at MU", "text": "LUCKNOW: Radhely Lal Rawat, sitting BSP MLA from Hasanganj in Unnao and a candidate from Mohaan (reserved) constituency was admitted in the Trauma Centre of Chattrapati Shahuji Medical University under critical condition on Wednesday.The MLA was reportedly under stress after he came to know that the party has scrapped his ticket and consumed some poisonous substance. However, no report was lodged with the police. The doctors also said that he has been diagnosed 'adverse drug reaction'.While family members of the MLA refused to go on record, sources close to Radhey Lal said that he consumed a poisonous substance late on Tuesday night under stress after he was replaced by Jai Prakash Rawat by the party.He was first rushed to a private hospital and from there was referred to the Trauma Centre. However, the BSP has so far not announced officially about the replacement of the candidate for Mohaan constituency. It was earlier known as Hasanganj, but after delimitation named Mohan.Chief medical superintendent, CSMMU Prof SN Shankhawar said that the condition of the MLA is stable, but he still in intensive care unity. However, what added to the suspense to the entire incident was the silence maintained by Radhey Lal's family and the party.Sources said that a tense Radhey went to the bathroom in the night and consumed something. Soon, he started vomiting and fainted. He was rushed to the hospital. Doctors said that the substance he consumed has damaged his central nervous system.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11721633", "title": "Watch out, they have pepper spray", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Here is some good news for women and girls prone to frequent sexual advances from the opposite sex, especially while travelling after dark. They can now arm themselves with pepper spray, a self-defence tool that could keep creeping arms at bay.Kans Marketing Company, the distributor of Armour brand pepper spray in the state, plans to supply the self-defence tool to women with the help of residents associations. The spray made of pepper and capsicum in aerosol containers can spew pepper spray up to a distance of five-seven feet.The company has already sent a letter to the State Women Development Corporation seeking its help in familiarizing the 'weapon' among women, especially working women commuting long distances. The use of such self-defence tools gained momentum in the state following increased instances of attacks against women.Arun Sukumaran, director, Kans Marketing Company, said the spray container is smaller than a 25-ml perfume bottle, and hence easy to carry. It can be kept in pockets, belt pouches or hand bags. A woman can easily use it to thwart advances from an attacker. We have already held talks with some resident associations in the city and some of the organizations working for empowerment of women. We are also waiting for the response from the WDC.However, Dr K S Jayasree, general secretary, Streechethana, a women empowerment group, doesn't totally agree with the concept. \"Women need to be confident while travelling at night. Self-defence tools can only help to some extent. Besides, there are chances of the attacker using the same tool to overpower a woman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11720727", "title": "Doctors shift clinics to avert crackdown", "text": "Noida: Even as the Noida Authority cracked down on the number of errant nursing homes operating from within residential areas, confusion prevailed amongst other doctors in the city regarding the implications of the Supreme Court judgement on January 23. Doctors said that they were still unsure about the exact implications of the Supreme Court's decision to allow the use of 25% of the permissible Floor Area Ratio (FAR).Even though commercial activity was disallowed by the Supreme Court in residential areas, thousands of doctors and other professionals were given relief by the apex court on January 23 when they were told that the use of 25 per cent of the FAR of the total residential area would be permissible for professional use, as opposed to the previous order wherein it had been stated that only 30 per cent of the residential area on the ground floor could be used.However doctors said that some confusion still persists regarding the exact implication of the court's order. \"The Noida Authority hasn't made it clear to us whether they would be sealing our clinics or not. We run a clinic from our basement and in order to make sure that we don't face formal sealing from the authority, we have shut down operations until things become clearer,\" said Dr Ajay Rathore, who runs a clinic in sector 41.Some doctors, who had been running nursing homes from residential operations, shifted them to commercial locations. They explained that they had looked for alternative locations in commercial areas where they could operate on their own, so as to not inconvenience patients. \"We have moved to a suitable location in SAB mall which is not very far from our clinic,\" said Dr Sahai, who runs a private clinic in sector 19.The Noida Authority's sealing drive only affected commercial activities in sector 19 in Noida and according to Noida Authority officials, sealing will continue in other parts of the city on Thursday. \"The sealing will affect all nursing homes operating within residential areas in the city. As per the Supreme Court, doctors are only allowed to run OPD's within residential areas and they can't use more 25% of the FAR for professional use,\" said SK Diwedi, CEO, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11727282", "title": "China bans low-income families from reselling subsidised homes", "text": "BEIJING: After limiting residents from buying more than two flats in Beijing, the Chinese government today banned low-income families, who had purchased subsidised houses, from reselling them in open market in a bid to control real estate prices.The subsidised apartments, usually smaller than 60 square metres per unit, should only be sold to the government if families want to sell them, officials with the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-rural Development said.Last February, Beijing banned local registered families from buying a third apartment and non-local city registered families from buying a second apartment.The new rules aimed at controlling the real estate prices say that only families with low incomes and limited financial assets are eligible to buy subsidised apartments at prices far below the market average.Despite heavy taxes levied on re-sales, many families have still profited significantly from the practice , as housing prices have continued to rise over the years, state- run Xinhua reported.Authorities will prioritise families with more than two members for subsidised housing allocation while encouraging younger couples to apply for public rental houses, the officials said.The ban on the resale of subsidised housing comes as the Chinese capital, along with other cities, is witnessing construction of a large number of affordable housing in a bid to cool down the property market.The commission announced that half of the land set aside for residential housing during the 2011-2015 period will be used for the construction of subsidised apartments and public rental houses.China's property market has been showing signs of cooling recently following a raft of tightening policies, including tighter credit supplies, higher down payments and purchase limits.Several cities had reported drops in prices of residential apartments by the end of last year.In December, 52 out of a statistical pool of 70 major cities saw drops in new home prices from November, compared with 49 cities during the previous month, the National Bureau of Statistics said.On a year-on-year basis, nine cities out of 70 saw new home price declines in December, up from four in November.Growth of new home prices eased in 55 cities, the bureau said.The government aims to build 36 million low-income housing units by 2015 as part of continued efforts to reform the country's property market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11719744", "title": "February 15 date set for \u2018vidyarthi garjana\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Osmania University Telangana Students' Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) has called for a vidyarthi garjana on February 15.Students from across Telangana region are expected to come for the Garjana, which is to be held in front of the University's Arts College, TSJAC representatives said.A poster announcing the move was released at T-JAC's office by convener M Kodandaram.Student leaders said they were expecting at least 10,000 students to participate in the Garjana.A garjana was supposed to be held on January 3 but failed to take off as very few students turned up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11720395", "title": "India bracing for limited conflict with pushy China, says top US intel official", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Army may be preparing for a limited conflict with China, says the US' top intelligence official. In a testimony to the US Senate, James Clapper, director of national intelligence, said, \"Despite public statements intended to downplay tensions between India and China, we judge that India is increasingly concerned about China's posture along their disputed border and Beijing's perceived aggressive posture in the Indian Ocean and Asia-Pacific region.\"Commenting on the Indian military modernization, Clapper said, \"The Indian Army believes a major Sino-Indian conflict is not imminent, but the Indian military is strengthening its forces in preparation to fight a limited conflict along the disputed border, and is working to balance Chinese power projection in the Indian Ocean,\" he said.Giving a glimpse of the developing Indo-US ties, Clapper said India endorsed a stronger US presence in east Asia. China's aggressive behaviour has been tempered recently, he said, but the drivers of such approach persist.He said Pakistan continues to maintain a state of enmity with India, despite the recent overtures from either side. \"Pakistan and our interests are not always congruent...their existential threat continues to be India.\"The US intelligence official also said that India is unlikely to send troops or heavy equipment to Afghanistan , fearing a backlash from Pakistan. \"New Delhi in the near term is unlikely to send troops or heavy equipment to Kabul because it does not want to provoke Pakistan,\" Clapper said.\"Although Chinese leaders have affirmed their commitment to a peaceful and pragmatic foreign policy - and especially to stable relations with China's neighbours and the rest of the world - Beijing may take actions contrary to that goal if it perceives that China's sovereignty or national security is being seriously challenged,\" he said.India, too, he said, would go slow on the issues like Siachen Glacier and Sir Creek. \"Less progress has been made in discussions over the difficult border issues of Siachen Glacier and Sir Creek, and we judge New Delhi will maintain a go-slow approach in these negotiations,\" Clapper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11724943", "title": "Opposition intensifies BJD bashing in Sambalpur dist", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Major political parties like the Congress and the BJP in Sambalpur have made BJD bashing their main poll plank ahead of the three-tier panchayat elections. They have been highlighting corrupt practices of the BJD in public meetings, rallies and door-to-door campaigns in the district.\"Huge amount of money comes from the Centre for the improvement of primary education, rural heath programme and rural communication, but due to improper utilization of the funds, people are being deprived of the benefits. Though the Naveen Patnaik-led BJD government takes the credit by renaming the projects, you can not befool people for a long period,\" the former DCC president of Sambalpur, Sureswar Mishra, said. According to him, the image of the state government has been stained after the exposure of various scams including the coal scam, dal scam and mine scam.The BJP, too, is leaving no stone unturned to blame the state government. The district president of the BJP said the Paikmal and Pipili gang rapes are two burning examples of how criminals are being protected by the ministers. \"By dropping ministers one after another, Naveen wants to keep his clean image intact, but how long you do this,\" asked the BJP district president, Nauri Nayak.On the other hand, BJD is hopeful of forming the zilla parisad by winning majority of seats. BJD workers are enthusiastic after the chief minister Naveen Patnaik's visit to the district. Naveen, who visited the district on Tuesday and Wednesday, addressed several public meetings in Redhakhol, Kuchinda and Rengali in the district to woo the voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11721151", "title": "Political parties raise issues with Election Commission of India", "text": "PANAJI: The election commission of India on Wednesday met representatives of various political parties in Goa. The Congress delegation requested the commission not to impose arbitrary rates of election material like caps, tee shirts used in the elections and snacks given to party workers. It also raised the issue of the defective nature of the code of conduct as its violation attracts the de-recognition of political parties.The BJP delegation, led by vice-president Wilfred Mesquita, requested the commission to minimize the services of government servants in the elections as most of them have political affiliations.Besides urging stricter monitoring of poll expenditure and tighter control on the borders for checking on movement of liquor and cash, the party delegation also urged the commission to utilize the services of the Church and other NGOs to spread the message of ethical voting practices among voters.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11724192", "title": "Handique Library to digitize 20,000 theses", "text": "GUWAHATI: KK Handique Library, Gawahati University has undertaken the digitalization of 20,000 theses, dissertations and other scholarly pursuits by research students and professors. Their works will be uploaded on the internet providing them a larger readership.The task is being undertaken in collaboration with INFLIBNET, (Information and Library Network), a sister organization of the UGC (University Grant Commission). The process, which will take at least two years to complete, is being done by around 53 staff members of the department and out of them, only 18 are professionally trained.\"We have undertaken such endeavours in the past. In 2005, we started the digitalization of about 3.5 lakh books, and have already completed about 95 per cent of the work. So in comparison, 20,000 seems a lot less than 3.5 lakh books. The objective of this initiative is to usher in some amount of transparency and provide the authors a wider platform as their works will be studied on a global basis,\" Wooma Shankar Dev Nath, librarian of KK Handique Library said.\"We had signed an MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) with INFLIBNET in 2011. We've bought a state-of-the-art digital scanner for scanning the pages, and we are also using a special software called SOUL,\" added Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738830", "title": "Fresh B-Town plans for K S Ravikumar", "text": "We had earlier reported that K S Ravikumar is all set to direct his first venture in Bollywood, and has roped in actor Sanjay Dutt to play the lead in the Hindi remake of the Vikram-starrer Saamy.However, looks like the director is having other plans for his B- Town debut. Ravikumar admits he's working on a new script for this much-hyped venture. He says, \"I'm working on a new subject for my Hindi film, which will have Sanjay Dutt in the lead. I'm yet to finalize the rest of the cast and crew for the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11721632", "title": "Row over 2nd reappointment of retired MDU officer", "text": "ROHTAK: The Maharshi Dayanand University here, already in the thick of controversies these days with allegations of several irregularities being levelled against incumbent vice-chancellor Ramphal Hooda, is facing another one.Even as complaints of alleged financial irregularities in awarding contracts for construction and other works in the varsity are pending with Lokayukta at Chandigarh, another row has erupted on the reappointment of a retired varsity official, whose three year extension also ended last year.According to sources, the executive council of the varsity, which met on January 13, approved the engagement of U S Dalal as consultant (landscape and horticulture) for one year, extendable by one more year later. Dalal, who has turned 63 now, has already served as administrative officer for three years after his superannuation in 2008.This second reappointment with provision for yet another extension has raised many eyebrows in varsity faculty, sources said. An executive council member had objected to his appointment stating that he had already served three years on reappointment, but the vice-chancellor overruled the objections, they said.Earlier, a teacher in Guru Jambheshwar University, Hisar, Rajesh Poonia had dragged vice-chancellor Hooda to Lokayukta on the issue of awarding contracts to his son Ramneek Hooda's firm, Office for Alternative Architecture (OAA). Poonia alleged that the VC engaged his son's consultancy agency for civil, architectural and other works like interior decoration despite its quoting higher rates.The vice-chancellor has rubbished the allegations, stating that it's an attempt to tarnish his image. \"We have taken decisions as per rules of the varsity and have not committed any violation. I am ready to face any inquiry\", Hooda told TOI, reacting to the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11726375", "title": "The gang rules: It has no leader, stands by each other and no fights", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Going back to the roots of 'Bunkerz', Kratika of SBS Nagar spoke up, \"We were all studying in different sections at school but special thanks to our teachers who always punished us and made us stand outside our classrooms in the corridor, we began to meet. With time we became very good friends and now it has been six years of our friendship.\"Every girl gang has a tomboy and Kratika rises to the occasion. \"She can talk all the time. I don't know where she gets all the energy...she never stops! But, well she is always cheerful and keeps us moving. Her best quality is that she always makes silly spelling mistakes like she says 'boat' for 'goat',\" said Ahuti aka Huti, who stays in Model Town.Apart from meeting at various popular hangouts, the girls stay connected via whatsapp and Blackberry messenger to plan for their various activities. The terms of their relationship are simple: There is no leader, they always stand by each other there and fights are almost always restricted to food.Taking mouthfuls of pizza and talking all at the same time, they shift focus to Sunder Nagar-resident Aanchal aka Rancho, who is their 'Speaking Tree'. \"She is big on giving 'gyaan', talking logic and giving a theory for everything that happens but, she is the most caring one too,\" said Kratika, while the others have a giggling bout.To this, Aanchal immediately shoved Alisha of Rishi Nagar and playfully snapped, \"What are you laughing about you 'alien', go out and absorb some sunshine or your battery will snuff out!\" As there is another roar of laughter, Aanchal added that 'Alien' is always on the lookout for sunlight like 'Jaadoo' of 'Koi Mil Gaya'. Having some mercy, Aanchal also credited Alisha for her \"always soft tone and steady cute smile.\"Going red, Alisha caught hold of Sunder Nagar-resident Kajal. \"Or should I say Kaju because she loves having the dryfruit. Once she brought 5kg of cashew from Goa. We tease her that if she eats like this one day she will become like a cashew nut herself,\" she said.Laughing madly, Kajal passed the buck to Ahuti and said she acquired her name from one of their teachers who had a strong Punjabi accent and could only call her 'Huti'. \"You can often catch her sleeping,\" she added.Coolly sipping her Coke and waiting for the chatter to die, Ahuti attacked Pooja aka Sweeto, a resident of Model Town. \"Pooja is always jolly and that's why we call her Sweeto. She always adjusts with everything and mixes with the group in every way, apart from that she keeps a low profile and never argues about anything,\" she said. Asked to share some 'Bunkerz' moments, Kratika, who had been quiet for a while, spoke up again.\"We had all gone to Goa and at 3am we walked into a coffee shop and told the manager to make Maggi for us. When he did not budge, all of us started banging the tables and shouting 'Maggi Maggi' but the manager said it was time to close so we told him to give us the keys and that we will close the store. His expressions were hilarious...we can never forget the moment all lifelong. Anyway, the manager did not comply but since we had set our heart on eating Maggi we went back to our hotel room and cooked it in tea kettle that got spoiled after the Maggi was done,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11726863", "title": "Vodafone India to offer 12-15% raise", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian operations of the world's largest mobile phone company, Vodafone, is undertaking a major restructuring exercise, and creating new posts in its top management here, to become 'future fit', even as the company kick-starts preparation towards a stock market listing.The company has created two new posts of chief operating officer and chief commercial officer in line with functions held in the UK-based parent company. It is also looking to create a post of director external affairs, as exists in the parent's hierarchy.The post of chief marketing officer stands dissolved, as Kumar Ramanathan has been moved to a post in the Africa, Middle East, and Asia Pacific group of the global parent, am executive in the telco said. The changes come with 12-15 % salary raise for top management, said a person familiar with the developments.The raise comes at a time when most of the Indian telcos are curtailing budgets as they bear interest expenses on borrowings and face revenue pressure due to intense competition. \"As we continue our endeavours in the next phase of our growth strategy, we have fine-tuned our organisation structure.This has been done primarily to prepare ourselves to be future fit and also to create and manage career opportunities for the leadership within the organisation. We cannot comment on individual roles and responsibilities,\" the company spokesperson said.Vodafone now joins other leading telcos such as Bharti Airtel , Reliance Communications , Tata Teleservices and Aircel, all of whom had undertaken major restructuring exercises last year by merging business verticals and reducing employee headcount.All telcos are focusing on cost-cutting measures to boost efficiencies as they fight multiple challenges of high debt burdens, slowing growth and high marketing spends amid cut-price tariffs.Under the new structure, Sunil Sood will become COO from director business operations of West and South regions while Sanjoy Mukerji will take over as the chief commercial officer, from his current role as director, North and East.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11721297", "title": "Excise raids continue in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: During the Tuesday raid by Quepem excise officials at a bar in Balli owned by Jiju Naik, liquor worth 33,000 was found stored in a room and cases of whiskey and beer were confiscated.\"The liquor was seized as no valid permits were found,\" said Margao excise inspector Nilesh Naik. When asked about the amount of liquor seized since the election code of conduct took force, Naik said, \"In Salcete, since December 24 till Wednesday evening, we carried out 54 raids from which 2,355.02 bulk litres worth 1, 98,494 were seized.\"In Canacona, till January 31, there were 58 raids from which 701.080 bulk litres worth 70, 759 were seized. In Quepem, adding Tuesday's case to the list, a total of 25 raids were conducted and 137.655 bulk litres worth 41,178 was seized. In Mormugao there were 10 cases booked from 38 raids and 167.130 bulk litres of liquor worth only 8,756 were seized,\" said Naik.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11720330", "title": "Competition for city schools", "text": "Winners of the 'Clean and beautiful school' competition for the year 2011-2012 organised by Kirloskar Foundation Pune were announced recently. Thirty-one schools across seven categories participated in it.The first prize went to Dnyanraj Madhyamik Vidyalaya, Kasarwadi from the PMC and developing schools in the first category. In the second category, the first prize went to Ahilyadevi High School for Girls, Shaniwarpeth, second prize to Abhinav Vidyalaya Erandwane and the third prize to Dada Gujar Madhyamik Vidyalaya Mahamdwadi Hadapsar. In the third category, Army Public School Khadki won the first prize, Bal Shikshan Mandir English Medium School Kothrud received the second prize and Modern High School Pashan the third prize.Water and sanitation study: Kirloskar Foundation along with Rotary Club of Poona and Stavanger Rotary Club of Norway build a new toilet block at Maharashtra Arogya Mandal's Dada Gujar High School at Mohammadwadi under the initiative to improve health and hygiene in schools. The school has over 1,100 students. Before implementing the project, a study about the requirement of water and sanitation for the school was conducted and then it was implemented in consultation with school authorities.MCCIA programme: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) will organise a programme on 'Transforming SMEs through lean manufacturing practices' between 10 am and 5.30 pm at MCCIA, SB Road on February 4.The programme will enable participants to understand the prerequisites to developing the basic stages in an organization and how to pave a path of continuous improvement. The programme will be useful for owners, CEO's, production heads, shop floor and inventory management, among others from small and medium sector manufacturing companies.Safety awareness: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture will provide safety awareness material to various industrial units in and around Pune for the use of their employees/workers during the national safety week.Materials like flex, banners, t-shirts, danglers, flags and vehicle stickers along with badges, posters, slogans, banners, oaths, caps, among others will be made available at the MCCIA for use of the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11721489", "title": "Jail term for 80-year-old in adulteration case", "text": "A local court on Wednesday sentenced Iqbal Shankar (80) with six-year jail term in connection with a food adulteration offence. Additional chief judicial magistrate Priti Srivastava also imposed Rs 5,000 fine on the accused.The court said that the offence was serious, which could affect the health of many persons, and hence the accused did not deserve any sympathy.According to prosecution, a food inspector SB Srivastava conducted a raid in Mohanlalganj area and found Shankar selling laddoo at the tempo stand on July 27, 2005. A sample was taken and sent for laboratory test.The test revealed that the laddoos were adulterated and if consumed could damage the health. A case was registered against Shankar and he was put on trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724884", "title": "Andrea hitting the right note", "text": "Andrea is busy shooting with Kamal Haasan for Viswaroopam and going through her character sketch for Vetri Maaran's forthcoming film, Vada Chennai.But the actress says that it hasn't stopped her from pursuing her original passion - singing. An excited Andrea reveals, \"I try to do at least a couple of shows a month because I love being on stage. I will never stop singing, for films or otherwise. And I'm also working on my own compositions. I hope to have a studio collection that will be ready for release by July. I'm also working with talented musicians from the band Yodhakaa. We are trying to come up with new things that will work for out audience.\" Meanwhile, tell her that she happens to be one of the few Kollywood faces per se in Kamal's film and she laughs, saying, \"That's true! When I'm on set, it doesn't feel like I'm doing a Tamil film at all! Someone forwarded my pictures to the executive producer of the film and I got a call from them while I was in London, doing a show, saying that Kamal sir wanted to meet me!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11725665", "title": "Drew Barrymore's freezing shoot", "text": "Drew Barrymore was so cold while filming her new movie 'Big Miracle' that her face looked like she had \"20 years of Botox\".The 36-year-old actress shot the environmental drama, which tells the story of a family of whales trapped by rapidly forming ice in the Arctic Circle and the small Alaskan community who fight to save them, in Alaska and revealed jumping into the water for one scene caused her face to become frozen.Speaking on show 'Daybreak', she said: \"It was cold, I am not going to lie, it was cold. But it was fun - the scene after I get out of the water, I didn't really explain it to anyone but I look like I have had about 20 years of Botox because my face is so frozen...Every time I watch that scene I am like, 'Oh my God'.\"\"My face was so frozen that I can barely get my lines out! It is so weird, I was trying to explain that I couldn't move my face.\"Drew's co-star John Kraskinski - who plays her small-town news reporter ex-boyfriend Adam Carlson who breaks the story of the whales - added: \"There was just drool coming out of your mouth.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11725354", "title": "Jindal plant stalemate: Govt fails to initiate talks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The stalemate at Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) project near Angul continued for the eighth day on Wednesday with the administration failing to bring the agitators to the table for talks.Residents of around 40 villages affected by the project are on agitation since January 25, when around 200 villagers were injured in an alleged assault by the company's security men. Over 1,000 residents have laid seize in front of the JSPL main gate demanding proper relief and rehabilitation for the victims and action against the security personnel responsible for the January 25 violence. Work in the unit has come to a grinding halt ever since.Angul district collector Siba Mishra was scheduled to bring the company officials and the agitators to the negotiation table on Wednesday. However, it could not be done as the parties did not agree on terms and conditions of the talks. The meeting has been scheduled for February 3, sources said.Sanatan Sahu, a representative of the agitators, said they wanted the negotiations to happen in the presence of media personnel for greater transparency. \"Otherwise, the administration and the company may go back on their promises,\" Sahu said.The district collector, however, said since it was a stakeholders meeting, media can be briefed later. \"There is nothing to hide. Media can always be briefed after the meeting,\" Mishra said.The JSPL authorities said they were always prepared for talks. \"We want a peaceful resolution to the problem. We are always ready to hold talks in a cordial atmosphere, which is the only way to resolve the impasse,\" said JSPL executive director Rajesh Jha.A delegation of left parties on Wednesday met the injured persons admitted to the Angul district headquarters hospital. The Communist Party of India (Marxist), in a press statement, said the injured were not getting proper care in the hospital. The displaced people's demands of permanent jobs and monthly compensation to those who lost land to the project should be considered immediately, the CPI(M) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11720135", "title": "Dalit huts set on fire in Osian, 8 arrested", "text": "JODHPUR: Osian police arrested eight persons on Wednesday for burning some huts belonging to Dalit community on Tuesday night in Padasla village in Osian near Jodhpur.The situation turned tense in the village following the incident and people from the community assembled there demanding arrest of the accused. \"The situation is under control now. We have registered a case against 19 persons under different sections of IPC including the SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act,\" an officer said.According to Richhpal Singh, DSP (Osian), a group of 20 to 25 miscreants belonging to upper caste entered the village on 3 four-wheelers and 5 or 6 two-wheelers at about 11.30 pm. \"They attacked some huts constructed on a particular land, which the assailants claimed to be theirs, and set them ablaze\", he said. They also pelted stones on the dwellers and fired some shots in the air before fleeing. One person has sustained minor injuries, Singh said.Singh said some people from Dalit community have their huts built on two bighas of land. \"Recently, they constructed huts on the land adjacent to this land, when this came to the notice of a person from upper caste, who claimed the land as his, he, along with others from his community, came to evacuate the land and set the huts ablaze warning them not to look at his land,\" the officer added.According to an officer, issues related to land conflicts are on the rise in villages, especially in the light of the land prices touching sky. \"It is very common that a piece of land is registered in the name of some person but inhabited by some other person and that too since years, like in this case. But now, with the land prices shooting up, those land owners are coming to claim their lands,\" he said, adding that taking advantage of missing ownership documents, miscreants create nuisance calling such lands as theirs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-02"}
