{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16706156", "title": "New fares, old meters could create chaos on Mumbai roads", "text": "MUMBAI: After the revised tariff for autorickshaws and taxis comes into effect from October 11, there is bound to be some confusion among passengers for the next two months, consumer activists told TOI on Saturday. For, the government has given vehicle owners 45 days to recalibrate their meters.Commuters could, for instance , end up paying an additional Re 1 in case a vehicle is fitted with a mechanical meter. This is because the existing mechanical meter shows a fraction of 0.1 reading equivalent to 200 metres in autos and 167 metres in taxis . There is no provision to show a reading for 100 metres, as approved in the new fare chart . You will have to pay for the extra 100 metres travelled (in the last flag ) in autos and 67 metres in taxis, activists said. This works out to around Re 1 extra in both cases.Transport officials, though, said that commuters will benefit on minimum distance journeys as drivers with mechanical meters will be allowed to charge only for 1.5km for the first flag (existing mechanical meters show 1.6km ). So, the driver will be the loser in this case as he will earn a rupee less for minimum distance journeys. \"We are also concerned about this. But overall, the fare hike of Rs 3 has brought cheer on the face of every driver,\" said auto union leader Shashank Rao. Taxi union leader A L Quadros, though , said this would create confusion.When contacted , state transport commissioner V N More said a foolproof system was being worked out to implement the new fares. First , the department will come out with a revised tariff card that shows equivalent fares for existing mechanical meter readings and e-meter readings for both autos and taxis . Second , it is considering recalibrating all the existing 70,000 mechanical meters in autos and nearly 25,000 in taxis . To make this possible , More has planned a series of meetings with meter manufacturers in the next few days . \"We will discuss how to recalibrate mechanical meters and fix new fares for the readings,\" More said and added that he was keen on every mechanical meter in Mumbai being recalibrated to show a reading for a 100-metre distance.But even if mechanical meters are recalibrated (within 45 days ), how will passengers distinguish between a meter which has been recalibrated and one which is not ? Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said , \"All mechanical meters look the same . They only show a reading of 1.0, 1.1, 1.2 and so on. There is no display of distance in kms .\" More said the department planned to affix yellow colour stickers the message: 'This meter has been recalibrated as per the new fares approved by MMRTA in October'.But there is a possibility that a driver may remove the sticker and declare that his meter has not been calibrated and charge as per the old system . More , though , said such instances would be rare. \"The passengers will have a rough idea of the distance travelled and he can easily identify whether the mechanical meter has been recalibrated for 100 metres or not . He will not depend entirely on the yellow sticker.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "16705313", "title": "Ponmudi held again in sand mining case", "text": "VILLUPURAM: Former DMK minister K Ponmudi was arrested in an illegal sand mining case on Saturday, a day after his anticipatory bail petition was rejected by the Madras high court. Police said they had seized documents from the senior leader relating to the grant of five sand quarries on lease to his son and others when he held the additional charge of mines and minerals during the previous DMK regime.A team, led by superintendent of police N Baskaran, arrested him when he reached his home in Villupuram after leading an agitation in Gingee against the AIADMK government. Earlier, he visited the party office here where hundreds of cadres had gathered.Ponmudi was produced before a local court, which remanded him in judicial custody till October 19.Ponmudi is the first senior DMK leader to be arrested in connection with the sand quarrying scam. This is the third time that the former higher education minister and the DMK's Villupuram strongman is being arrested.Ponmudi, his son P Gautham Sigamani and a few others were booked under the provisions of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulations) Act, 1957, the Tamil Nadu Mines and Minerals Concession Rule, 1959, the Prevention of Corruption Act and IPC after Vanur tahsildar lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710473", "title": "Bhumika all praises for Kochi", "text": "Bhumika Chawla, who was in Kochi recently for a fashion event, feels that the city is the cleanest she has ever come across. \"I don't know whether it's because I'm comparing it to Mumbai or Hyderabad, but it's definitely clean. People here are very chilled out and it is peaceful and comfortable,\" says the actress.She was pleasantly surprised to find that Kochiites remembered the song Munbe Vaa still. \"I stepped out for something and a group of people started humming the song. I was impressed, I never knew the song was this famous.\"Bhumika has acted in the Malayalam film Bhramaram, opposite Mohanlal but says her connection with Malayalam films ends there. \"I haven't watched much of Malayalam but it was a fantastic experience acting with Mohanlal. Everything comes naturally to him, and it was a learning experience, acting with him.\"Her best memory of Kerala, however, was a shoot for Bhramaram , where they had to stand in the water at the Athirappally waterfalls for a whole day. \"It was a stunning sight, and we actually saw a rainbow being formed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16705823", "title": "Londa-Vasco train services disrupted", "text": "VASCO: Due to derailment of five coal wagons of a goods train on Friday late evening between Dudhsagar and Caranzol stations in the Hubli division of south western railways (SWR), five trains have been cancelled on the Londa-Vasco route.The goods train was coming from MPT, Vasco, and was proceeding towards the Jindal Vijaynagar Steels Ltd, factory in Hospet, Karnataka. Normal train services on this route are expected to be resumed on Sunday evening. South western railway authorities have made arrangements to ferry passengers between the two points.According to P C Chako, Vasco railway station manager, \"Goa Express 12780/ 12779, Chennai Express 17311, Amravati Express 18047, Nizammuddin 12779 and Yashvantpur Express were cancelled on the Londa to Vasco route.\" Chaotic scenes were witnessed at the Vasco railway station right from Friday night and railway authorities immediately deployed their staff in the railway station to attend to passengers and prevent any untoward incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709075", "title": "Irish government to honour Kabir Khan for 'Ek Tha Tiger'", "text": "Kabir Khan is off to Dublin shortly for a very special screening of his blockbuster Ek Tha Tiger for the students, teachers and staff of the Trinity College in Dublin.For those cynical sections of the audience which believe mainstream cinema serves no purpose beyond timepass entertainment, here is an eye-opener. After the release of Kabir's Ek Tha Tiger which was shot extensively in Dublin , there has been a huge leap in Indian tourism to Ireland.\"Not only that,\" informs Kabir, \"After seeing Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif on the campus of Trinity College in Dublin, the institution has reported a substantial increase in the number of students from India seeking admission at Trinity College. I was blown to hear this. So far I always thought no matter where you shot the film and no matter how noble your intentions, a film at the end of day, was considered just entertainment. Though I've never made entertainment films per se, none of my earlier films had this kind of an impact. I've discovered to my absolute delight that after the release of Ek Tha Tiger tourists from India to Ireland have increased manifold.\"And now the Trinity College and the Irish government want to honour Kabir and his film. On September 22 Ek Tha Tiger would be screened at the Trinity College for the entire staff and faculty . Not only that, the college would also host a cricket match in honour of the film.Explains Kabir, \"Kumar Shri Ranjitsinghji after whom the Rajni trophy is named , owns a castle right outside Trinity College. So they want to organize a mock-Ranji Trophy match in honour of Ek Tha Tiger .\"As Kabir readies to take his film to the next level he seems incredulous . \"When the boxoffice numbers started coming in I was unable to comprehend the impact that the film was making. Today when the revenues are close to Rs 200 crores I am thankful to Salman for surrendering to my vision. He did exactly what I asked him to.The film brought in not just his traditional fans but also a whole new section of the audience which heard from word of mouth, that it was a different Salman in Ek Tha Tiger .\"Salman and Katrina's fan club in Dublin has multipled many times over. They've received an open invitation from the Trinity College to visit.They would do so as soon as they find the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704895", "title": "Two drug addicts held for theft", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday arrested two suspected drug addicts, on charges of sneaking into a house in Shastri Nagar and stealing two mobile phones and a car on Tuesday. The two later took a car key lying on a table and drove away the family's car. Police found the car abandoned on Tiruvottioyur High Road near Kasimedu.Police teams led by Sastri Nagar (crime) inspector Riazuddin nabbed D Sulaiman, 22 and his associate A Arun Kumar, 19, residents of Anna Sathya Nagar near War Memorial.They had dropped out of school and were drug addicts, police said. Police found Arun Kumar at Elliots Beach, and he appeared to be under the influence of some substance. On questioning, he gave conflicting replies. He was taken to the police station and grilled further.He then confessed to having stolen a car, two mobile phones and some other valuables from the Shastri Nagar house, along with his friend Sulaiman. A police team soon picked up Sulaiman. Police said the youths had gone to Elliots Beach on Tuesday to take drugs. Later they were walking on the streets when they found the door of a house open.They sneaked into the house, belonging to Ganesan. Later, they abandoned the car near Kasimedu. They were remanded in the Saidapet sub-jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705474", "title": "3 more held for Kothrud rampage", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Friday night arrested three more suspects in the rampage at Kishkindhanagar in Kothrud in the early hours of Thursday. The arrested include Manish Padwal (22) of Karvenagar, Laxman Jadhav (27) and Ram Kadam (23), both from Kishkindanagar. The suspects are criminal on police record.A magisterial court on Saturday has sent them to police custody remand till October 9. The police are on the lookout for absconding suspects involved in the rampage. The police had earlier arrested two suspects and had detained a minor in the case.An eight-member gang had gone on a rampage in the Kishkindhanagar slums at Kothrud in the early hours of Thursday, attacking several residents with iron rods and sharp weapons and damaging 24 vehicles.The police had said creating terror in the slum seemed to be the sole motive of the gang. The gang came to the slum, located behind Vetal tekdi, around midnight. For the next half an hour, they thrashed at least 10 residents, including women , threw stones at their houses and damaged parked vehicles. They also broke residential electricity meters and smashed water storage drums kept outside the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16706436", "title": "Farmers deride efficacy of Central water team", "text": "TRICHY: The state secretary of the Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam, Raja Chidambaram, on Saturday came down hard on the four-member Central team that was ascertaining the likely extent of samba cultivation and its water requirement in the Cauvery delta. He said, \"When the orders of the Supreme Court, the Cauvery Water Tribunal and the Prime Minister are collectively thrown to the winds, what can a team do to release water from Karnataka.\"The four-member team comprising R K Gupta, chief engineer, Central Water Commission, T K Sivarajan, director (monitoring), Central Water Commission, Coimbatore, Virendra Sharma , superintending engineer, CWC, New Delhi, and Pradeep Thakur, deputy director (irrigation and planning), CWC, New Delhi, was received at the Nagapattinam border by acting collector M Asia Mariam at 3.30 pm.The working president of the Cauvery Delta Farmers' Welfare Association, Mahadanapuram Rajaram, had invited 19 other farmers associations to \"invoke the blessings of the rain gods\" to get more water for samba cultivation. At the prayer meeting held at National College grounds, speaker after speaker derided Karnataka for paying no heed to the cries of Tamil Nadu. The appeal of external affairs minister S M Krishna who shot off a letter to the Prime Minister from US to stop release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu was the last straw on the already volatile situation, they said. \"Leave alone sacking the Karnataka government for disobeying the Prime Minister, but how dare a member of the council of ministers defy the PM, that too so compulsively from a foreign land? Can the PM sack him now? Is Krishna the minister for India or only for Karnataka,\" asked Chidambaram.A moderate Rajaram on Saturday organized a sort of pilgrimage to Srirangam Renganathar Swamy temple, Malaikottai Vinayagar temple, Thiruvanaikovil Jambhukeshwarar temple, the 1000-year-old Natharsha Palli Vasal dargah and the St Anthony's Church of Amalasiramam. The prayer meeting ended on the banks of the Cauvery at Amma Mandapam where candle lights were floated invoking divine blessings for more rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704551", "title": "Many takers for UID at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A TOI report on October 3 about the state's move to permit Aadhar (UID) registration camps on the premises of big housing societies and corporate houses has resulted in a flood of online requests from citizens.A state information technology (IT) department official said the department has received over 210 requests so far. \"While most of these are from housing societies, some corporates have also approached us,\" the official said.He added that the applications are being forwarded to enrolment agencies appointed by the government to carry out the registration task.Housing societies or corporate houses can mail a request to uid@maharashtra.gov.in. The state's latest move is an effort to cover the middle and upper middle class segments more effectively in the second phase of the UID enrolment drive.In the first phase, the lower middle class and the economically backward classes were more responsive to UID registrations. In Mumbai, while the coverage in slum pockets has crossed the 80% mark, less than 50% of the citizens residing in various housing societies have come forward to enrol. Over 64.33 lakh of 1.24 crore Mumbaikars, roughly 51% of the population, have registered for Aadhar so far.Following a meeting with UID chief Nandan Nilekani , chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has issued directives asking various state departments to link schemes to UID on a priority basis.The school education department has already initiated a drive for registration of all school students and teachers under UID.The drive has to be completed before June next year. The government also has plans to make UID numbers mandatory for application to Mhada lotteries. A pilot for linking bank accounts to UID in five districts is under consideration too. Besides this, linkages to passport applications and RTO licenses are also being worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16706577", "title": "Roots cause", "text": "The earliest memories that London-based Pakistani journalist Saima Mir had of her family were anecdotes her grandmother shared with her. These stories helped her put the pieces of her ancestry together and gave her a fair idea about the family's origin before and after Partition.Another source which she relied on like most Asians, were black and white family photos tucked away in albums \u2014 her parents' wedding day, early photos of their time in England and her childhood. Unfortunately, photographs and memories fade away with time. And she felt this most keenly when her grandmother developed Alzheimer's disease and started losing the memories she treasured so much. That's when Saima felt the urge to preserve the history of Asians, who like her family had migrated to different parts of the world. And thus, whosthedaadi.com was founded by Saima and another partner Alex Street, whom she met through social media.This is a social ancestry website dedicated to South Asians and helps them connect with each other and discover their past. \"Indians and Pakistanis have a shared history. My father tells me stories of the Sikh friends he left behind during Partition and never saw again. There are many such stories \u2014 families that have lost touch and friends that have parted ways. And this website will help them,\" says Saima.Alex, incidentally, works as a games developer, and it was the challenge of this project that attracted him to it. \"The aim is to create a completely searchable database of 100,000 names which will go live soon. We plan to be the world's largest single source of ancestry data for South Asians. And it will be based on social data provided by our users,\" says Alex. A n d t h at 's wh at m a ke s whosthedaadi.com different from other ancestry websites. It will be especially useful for those with few records. \"It's a struggle to get birth and death records of parents or grandparents if they were born in India before the 1940s and 1950s as there was nothing written officially in most cases or papers were lost. So, the only way to preserve these are through user-generated information ,\" Saima adds.Although, the website was initially aimed at connecting British Asians, it has received tremendous response globally. \"About 40% of the total traffic is from the UK, while Pakistan, India and the US deliver another 10% each. The remainder is split across Asia and parts of East Africa in places like Kenya, Singapore, UAE and Saudi Arabia. What's fascinating is the fragmented distribution of South Asians and how relevant this issue is for them\" says Alex. With most families connecting via Facebook, Skype and other forms of social networking to speak to relatives abroad, it seemed natural for both Alex and Saima that it should play a huge part in Daadi. The website allows users to create their own family trees, database of birth and death records and family photos which can be shared.Arfah Farooq, a student from London heard about the website on Twitter where the site received support. \"I've always wanted to make my own family tree, and hopefully this website will help me find my lost relatives,\" she says. As a second generation British-born Bangladeshi, her family was among millions of people with South Asian roots who settled in the UK. Some migrated for work with the East India Company , and after World War II, to work as labourers and factory workers in other countries. Others migrated from East Africa during the 70s and 80s to escape persecution. And then, there are the more recent arrivals of students , bankers, businessmen and restaurateurs who came to London to join their family.Saima hopes the website will be akin to Facebook or Wikipedia for South Asians. \"I want people to be able to recognize unknown faces in their family by sharing photos. Maybe, in this way, we can build bridges in our South Asian history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16708416", "title": "Attackers of Brar to be brought to justice: Britain", "text": "DELHI: UK has finally expressed \"shock\" over the murderous assault on Lieutenant General Brar saying that all attempts are being made to bring the perpetrators to justice.After the Indian government took up the issue strongly with the UK authorities through diplomatic channels, the external affairs minister, SM Krishna has received a communication from the British secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth office, William Hague .In the letter, the UK secretary of state conveyed to the external affairs minister his \"shock\" at the attack on Lt. Gen Brar in London on 30 September and hoped for Lt. Gen Brar's \"quick recovery\".Secretary Hague assured the external affairs minister of the determination of the UK government to \"bring the perpetrators of this attack to justice\" and also informed him that UK officials will continue to keep Indian officials up-to-date, as the investigation progresses further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panji", "code": "16705737", "title": "Cash for pregnant women", "text": "PANJI: North Goa is one of the 53 districts across the country where Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana (IGMSY) is operational. As per the centrally sponsored conditional maternity benefit scheme to improve the health and nutrition status of pregnant and lactating women and their young infants, pregnant women of 19 years of age and above are entitled to a cash incentive of 4,000 in three installments for the first two live births. In Sattari taluka of North Goa, all gram panchayats are covered under the IGMSY scheme, stated Nanaya Priolkar, child development project officer, Sattari, while addressing the gathering of Bharat Nirman Public Information Campaign in Poriem recently.Retd teacher feted by Bastora school: The management and staff of Holy Cross High School, Bastora, accorded a warm farewell to senior teacher Mateus I de Souza, popularly known as Mathew, who taught at the school for 38 years. De Souza was a pioneer in the school, especially in the Young Christian Students, Young Students Movement (YCS/YSM) and was also a YCS animator at the level of the diocese. After a Eucharistic celebration, under the theme 'Living life in self giving' at which by Fr Desmond de Souza, CSsR, and Fr Olavo Caiado, director, Diocesan Youth Centre, Panaji, were the main celebrants; a short cultural programme was put up by the teachers. Principal Sr Alzira Furtado expressed her gratitude to the retired teacher on behalf of the management.POWER SHUTDOWNPernem taluka (Oct 7): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected are Pernem municipality and vicinity, Dhargalim, Varkhand, Alorna, Ozarim, Ibrampur, Hassapur, Casarvarnem, Torxem, Ugvem-Mopa, Corgao, Naibag, Porascodem, Parsem, Agarwada-Chopdem, Tuem, Virnoda, Mandrem, Morjim, Arambol, Paliem, Keri, Tuem hospital and industrial estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16685823", "title": "It delights us to see others lose money", "text": "We are all happy to lose money, just as long as other people lose more, researchers say .The findings by Israeli economists Haim Levy and Guy Kaplanski are totally counter-intuitive from an economics standpoint.\"Normally in economics we assume that the person wants to have the highest benefit from his wealth, and he does not care about other people,\" ABC News quoted Levy from Hebrew University, in Jerusalem , as saying.\"But that's not what we found,\" Levy said.About 10 per cent of nearly a thousand business students and business executives interviewed in Israel , The United States , Switzerland , Turkey and China, were \"altruists\"-that is, they said they were happy if a friend or family member made more money than they did.This only applied to someone they knew, however.\"Altruism is very rare toward strangers,\" Levy said.\"At most what we get is that you are indifferent to strangers,\" Levy said.But a whopping 70 per cent said they were fine losing money, provided other people lost more.\"I'm happier if you are relatively poorer'-which goes against economic theory,\" Levy said.\"Economic theory says 'I should be happy with what I have.' But we found that 'I'm happy to decrease my wealth as long you decrease your wealth.' This is pure jealousy,\" Levy said.This jealousy applies to strangers, too, and not just our nearest and dearest ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705472", "title": "Kalsaria in seat-sharing talks with Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP rebel MLA from Mahuva, Dr Kanu Kalsaria, is negotiating a seat-sharing agreement with the Congress. Kalsaria has sought five seats in Saurashtra for the December 2012 assembly election.Sources said that the Congress was willing to enter an agreement for two seats, while Kalsaria is adamant on five seats which include Talaja, Mahuva, Rajula, Gariadhar and Savarkundla. Kalsaria has formed a core committee to decide candidates.\"We have a common enemy in BJP. We want to defeat BJP and I have hence proposed a seat-sharing agreement on five seats. The Congress on the other hand has agreed that they would not field any candidate against me, but are reluctant to commit on four others. This was not possible that on one seat we fight together and in the remaining four we campaign against them,\" said Kalsaria.Kalsaria has been on collision course with the Modi government for over a year, since the issue of allotment of land for the Nirma cement plant in his constituency cropped up. He launched a number of agitations against land allotment to industries by the government and joined hands with other groups. Kalsaria also received support from the Youth Congress in his agitation on the issue.Kalsaria said, \"Negotiations have been on for long. We want four seats and would then support a Congress government in case if they fall short of the figure. Even if Congress gets a majority, we would still support them.\"Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said, \"We have been supporting Kalsaria for long and are also talking to him about seat sharing. They asked for five seats, but the party is yet to come to a conclusion. We will discuss the same when the tickets are getting finalized. After all, we are both are working to remove BJP from power and we will definitely work out a solution,\" said Modhwadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16705793", "title": "Handbag with Rs 1.20L robbed at Candolim", "text": "CALANGUTE: Unknown persons snatched the handbag of a woman tourist from Mumbai when she was having dinner in a open-air hotel at Candolim on Thursday night.Sunny Raghveni, a resident of Andheri, Mumbai, has lodged a complaint with Calangute police stating that when he and his fiancee, Priti Khanandani, were dining in an open-air restaurant in Candolim at about 11.40 pm on Thursday night, some unknown persons arrived on a motorcycle, snatched his fiancees bag and fled with another accomplice on a motorcycle.The snatched handbag contained cash of 1,20,000, a Pan card, sunglasses, keys, etc, all worth 1, 21,000, according to the tourists. The persons who robbed the handbag are yet to be identified as the couple could not note down the number of the motorcycle in the darkness.Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 356, 380 read with 34 of IPC, and are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704568", "title": "\u2018Calculate BPL families with LPG connections\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan reviewed the options of increasing the cap of subsidized cooking gas cylinders in Maharashtra, the state food and civil supplies department on Saturday issued directives to calculate the number of poor families with LPG connections.After limiting the cap of subsidized cylinders to six a year, the Centre asked Congress-ruled states to increase it to nine. The state is reportedly inclined to extending the nine-cylinder cap to Below Poverty Line (BPL) families and also those with Antodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) cards.The state directive was issued owing to the lack of any data on the number of BPL families holding LPG connections. The government has the data that the state has over 1.71 crore LPG connections but there is no inventory of the number of BPL families among them.Confusion rose as the food and civil supplies department referred to a BPL list prepared on the basis of a 1996 survey, while the urban development and rural development departments consulted lists drafted following independent studies in 2002 and 2007. A senior official said many of the BPL beneficiaries on the lists were not a part of the 1996 list.On Saturday, another review was conducted on the burden on the state exchequer, depending on the options of extending subsidized cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705128", "title": "Got Aadhaar number? Now wait for the real card", "text": "KOLKATA: Elated to be one of the \"fortunate\" few to have received the 12-digit Aadhaar number? Call us a spoilsport but it isn't of much use. The glossy strip of paper is certainly not \"the card\" that everyone has been talking about for nearly five years.Bengal is not among the 19 states where the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) directly issues the Aadhaar numbers. If you live in this state, your UID number has to be ratified by the Census Directorate before it is embossed on a Resident Identity Card (RIC). That's at least two years away.As of now, the UID lies as the victim of flawed policy. Those who had their fingerprints taken and retinas scanned a year ago are clueless about what happens next. Those who missed the first round don't know when they will get a second chance.\"The Aadhaar number will be given out only after biographic, demographic and biometric data are collected and assembled at bona fide camps organised under the Census directorate's National Population Register (NPR) scheme,\" said Dipak Ghosh, director of Census Operations, Bengal.Subrata Das, an HR executive with a private firm, proudly flaunted the glossy Aadhaar card when he got it a few days ago. Now, he is rather crestfallen. \"We were not told that the document to be issued by UIDAI is not sacrosanct even though it has the Planning Commission's sanction,\" he said. Neither is he aware that the much-hyped Aadhaar swipe-card project has been shelved and it's the RIC (to be issued to those over 18 years), that is the real thing. Indrajit Chowdhury, who lives in Alipore but got his UID from Bangalore, is equally perplexed. \"Are my card and the 12-digit number valid?\" he wondered.\"Only after it is cross-checked at a National Population Register (NPR) camp. Data collected in the NPR will be screened for de-duplication by the UIDAI,\" said Ghosh. He admitted that direct issuance of numbers by UIDAI is faster than the census directorate. So far, not a single UID number has been handed out by the directorate. Bengal is still in the first round of biometrics, where those enlisted during enumeration for the Census 2011 were included. It will be some time before Round 2 is completed. And some more time for the data to be uploaded to create RICs.Out of 141 wards in Kolkata, 101 have been covered for biometric camps. Officials of the census department and Kolkata Municipal Corporation are visiting households, seeking demographic and biographic data in a form that doubles up as the intimation for attending a biometric camp held in ward offices, health clinics and even local clubs. These camps are held for three days, where those not included in the Census data can enrol, and wait to be covered in the second round early next year. The first round is almost over in Howrah. Biometrics (photograph, fingerprints and iris mapping) has been introduced in all Bengal districts, except Bankura, Purulia and North Dinajpur.The confusion over UID is, however, no reason to skip the biometric camps. The Aadhaar number is compulsory for every citizen and those who dodge it can be fined Rs 1,000 at least. \"But the number doesn't confer any citizenship rights,\" said Ghosh. It's this barrier that prevents the poor from accessing the services. So far, the number is limited to opening bank accounts or getting a driver's licence.A resignation threat by UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani made prime minister Manmohan Singh step up to end feud between UIDAI and NPR. The Aadhaar project ran into trouble when the Parliament Standing Committee said the scheme had \"nod clarity of purpose\" and is \"directionless\". Then it made sense to tag it with NPR which already had the required legislative support.The execution is a huge challenge considering the upside down character of the Aadhaar project. After being merged with NPR, the whole thing becomes all the more cumbersome for the lay resident, who doesn't have any background information of the two now-linked projects. \"Aadhaar lacks legislation and overlaps with NPR, which already covers name, parent's name, sex, date of birth and address along with 10 other biographic and demographic data,\" explained Ghosh.His words somewhat cleared the fog around the yellow sun (the Aadhaar logo) project, which seems to have intensified with several Kolkatans receiving a glossy card with the Aadhaar number. UIDAI had appointed private vendors to run these camps.In states like Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, private vendors are being appointed by the UIDAI to do the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705872", "title": "Going nuts? MGP attacks Cong, GF, Shah commission &amp; everyone else", "text": "PANAJI: The Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) on Saturday appealed to the Goa Foundation, who had approached the Supreme Court on illegal mining, to withdraw the petition \"in the interest of the people\" and discuss the same issue with the state government for a solution.The party on Saturday held a central committee meeting to discuss various issues including the SC order.Speaking to reporters, MGP president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar said that \"we have discussed the mining issue and the MGP central committee has unanimously resolved that legal mining should immediately be started in Goa.\"\"The government has taken steps to solve the mining issue, and we appeal to the NGO who has gone to the SC, to sit with the state government in the interest of the state and people, and try to come out with some solution,\" Dhavlikar said, adding that \"they can now withdraw the petition\".He also said a few people have for their own interest gone to the SC to delay the start of mining operations in the state. \"We think the opposition may be behind this move\", said Dhavlikar.The MGP also blamed the Congress for the illegal mining in the state and said that illegal mining should be stopped in Goa. \"The common man is not dependent on illegal mining, politicians depend on illegal mining,\" said Dhavalikar.He also claimed that around three lakh people are dependent on mining, and that the government should try to come out with some solution so that mining dependent people do not suffer.Dhavalikar said that the Shah Commission was brought to Goa by some Congress MLAs and ministers to pull down former chief minister Digambar Kamat from the chair. Dinar Tarcar, Prakash Velip and Premanand Nanoskar have also been appointed as the party's central committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16706420", "title": "Missing man turns up as woman 18 months later", "text": "MADURAI: A railway employee who had allegedly undergone a gender reassignment surgery has caused a flutter as he was produced as a female in answer to a habeas corpus plea filed by his wife in a Dindigul court. He had reportedly iterated his desire to remain a female.Sindhan (29) of Railway colony in Dindigul had been married to Thangarathi (25) a few years ago and they have a daughter. Sindhan went missing on March 20, 2011, and his wife who was not able to locate him filed a habeas corpus plea in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. Dindigul north police registered a case and Sindhan arrived at the Dindigul railway station on October 3, 2012, not as Sindhan, but as a female called Sindu.The police produced Sindu before the second judicial magistrate in Dindigul where she told the court that she had been married against her wishes by her parents and that she always had female instincts.Sindu said her dream had been fulfilled after a visit to Mumbai and she wished to continue to live as a transgender. As Sindu was an electrician with the railways, the authorities summoned her to the railway office on Saturday and conducted an inquiry. Sources say the authorities are confused on which gender they should initiate departmental action as this was a very peculiar case. Meanwhile, Thangarathi could not be reached for comments as she was reportedly in Kanyakumari with a relative and so were the others of Sindu's family.Transgender activist Kalki said this was the first time she was hearing of such a case. This is clearly something that has arisen due to social pressure on a transgender, who was forced into marriage by parents. \"But, it is also a great injustice committed by the transgender to a woman who is the wife and also the child as they would face many problems due to this,\" she said.Kalki said the community would not accept persons who entered marriage merely due to social pressure. Society and the transgender are both wrong as an innocent woman and her child are affected. \"My view is that the woman should get justice, but at the same time no injustice should befall the transgender,\" she added.Meanwhile, railway employees in Dindigul division say they never noticed anything amiss when Sindu was amidst them. Departmental action is expected to be taken against him for dereliction of duty, including taking leave without prior permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705533", "title": "Human values key to country's progress: Narendra Jadhav", "text": "PUNE: Member of the Planning Commission Narendra Jadhav has said that nurturing human values from India's glorious history is key to securing an apt progress of the country in the emerging knowledge-based economy.Jadhav, former vice-chancellor of the University of Pune, was addressing the 8th convocation ceremony of the Deccan College and Postgraduate Institute, a deemed university, here on Saturday.He said, \"It is imperative for us to ensure that human values are studied and their application in the present-day world is appreciated through institutions like the Deccan College.\" The research being carried out at the institution will be of great help in this context.Earlier, eminent Sanskrit scholars M A Mehendale and P G Lalye and eminent archeologist A Sundara were conferred with an honorary degree of doctor of letters (D.Litt) to mark the occasion.A total of 74 students were conferred with doctor of philosophy (Ph.D), masters and postgraduate diploma certificates at the ceremony, which was presided over by G B Deglurkar, president of the deemed university.The 28th edition of Sanskrit encyclopedia was jointly released on the occasion by Jadhav and Deglurkar.The Deccan College is the third oldest educational institution in the country, initially started as the 'Dakshina Fund' by Maratha sardar Khanderao Dabhade and continued by the Peshwas for propagating learning in archeology and Indology. It was later named as the 'Hindoo College' by the erstwhile Bombay Presidency government on October 6, 1821.The institute has since grown from strength to strength to become one of the foremost centres of higher learning and research. It was renamed Deccan College in 1864 and has produced a galaxy of celebrated students including Indologist R G Bhandarkar, nationalist leader Lokmanya Tilak, R D Ranade, social reformer G G Agarkar, historian V K Rajwade and famous Indian medical practitioner Dwarkanath Kotnis.In 1939, the institute became a postgraduate and research centre in archeology, linguistics, Sanskrit, anthropology and Maratha history.The Human Resource Development ministry and the state government accorded a deemed university status to Deccan college in 1994 and the institute has since been awarding its own degrees in masters and Ph.D studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705760", "title": "Undertrial sent to custody for assaulting cop", "text": "NASHIK: An undertrial was remanded in judicial custody for assaulting a policeman. The city court sent accused Santosh Thoke, resident of Joshiwada in Sinnar to 14 days' magisterial custody in connection with the assault on a policeman on Friday evening.Thoke, who was lodged in the Central Jail, got into a physical scuffle with cops, after being released on bail. Subsequently, the accused was overpowered by the cops and arrested for criminal intimidation and assault on public servant.A complaint was lodged at the Nashik Road police station. Complainant Sagar Gholap, police constable attached to the local crime branch of the rural police said that around 6.30pm, the accused collided against him due to which he fell down.As Gholap, who was in plainclothes, fell down, an argument broke out between the two. The accused got even more violent when the Gholap told him that he was a cop. Thoke started beating him as well as other police personnel present there. Finally, the police overpowered him and arrested him on charges of assaulting a public servant and on criminal intimidation.The Nashik road police officials said that Thoke was inside the prison as he had not got bail in a theft case, registered at Sinnar, a few days back. He finally got bail and was released when he collided against one of the cops of the local crime branch, who had been there to seek information of prisoners out on parole.Meanwhile, during the past few months, the Nashik Road Central Jail has been consistently in the news for wrong reasons. In July, an inmate Raju Revaskar died after he had a physical scuffle with another inmate. In September, a 49-year-old inmate Tulai Kalusingh died in the civil hospital while being treated for hypertension.Last month, Satish Valmiki, a native of Nashik, jumped from the emergency exit of the police van, when the vehicle slowed down near a speed-breaker recently put up near Nagji Hospital. On being produced in court, Thoke was remanded in 14-day magisterial custody.Santosh Thoke, who was lodged in the Central Jail, got into a physical scuffle with cops, after being released on bail. Subsequently, the accused was overpowered by the cops and arrested for criminal intimidation and assault on public servant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708714", "title": "Celebs throng at the music release of 'Mun'", "text": "The music of upcoming movie Mun, directed by Nishikant Dalabehera, was recently launched at a city hotel where the entire cast and crew were present.Newcomer Suman, actor Nikita (female lead), were seen enjoying at the event. The album has five songs including an item number.While singers like Vinod Rathore and Manas Pritam have lent their voices for the songs while Amrita Bharati Panda of Indian Idol fame has sung the item number. \"The item number Kancha amba chatani is melodious. I'm sure the viewers will like it,\" said music director Bibhuti Bhusan.Eminent actors Samaresh and Chita Ranjan were also attended the do. \"The flick is basically based on human ego. It's a different kind of a story with all the ingredients of an entertainer,\" said Nishikant. The movie is scheduled to release on the first week of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16711211", "title": "Observer Research Foundation organizes talk on issues affecting human rights", "text": "MUMBAI: The Observer Research Foundation Mumbai has organized a talk on \"Progress and Setbacks for Global Human Rights' by Jan Egeland , deputy executive director, Human Rights Watch . The talk on Monday, October 8 at office of ORF in Mumbai will focus on contemporary issues that affect global human rights.Egeland who the Time magazine has described as \"100 men who shape our world\" will be joined in conversation by Ambassador Neelam Deo, director, Gateway House. The two will present and discuss current global concerns including development issues, armed conflict, global trend in human rights, governance and climate change.No talk is complete without tackling the serious issues concerning climate change and its impact on development and human rights, unless controlled now. Egeland is expected to focus on advances in human rights made possible by socio-ecnomic progress made in countries like India but also of the set backs in the aftermath of the \"Arab Springs\"The Arab Springs created an extraordinary opportunity for change but also created India has interest in the region as millions of Indian live and work there. The Observer Research Foundation (ORF) spokesperson said the talk will begin at 6 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "16705276", "title": "CPM leader shot dead in Jangipur", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Three days before the Jangipur by-election, a CPM leader was killed by miscreants at Mukundabag in Nabagram on Saturday evening. The CPM has blamed the Congress for the murder and has called a 12-hour bandh in the Nabagram block on Sunday.Around 8pm on Saturday, Abdul Hamid Sk, 38, the CPM's Shibpur branch committee secretary, was returning home from an election rally on a motorcycle when he was attacked. The goons, who had their faces covered, hurled bombs at the CPM leader before shooting him dead from point-blank range. According to sources in the police, the four miscreants were on motorcycles.The murder led to tension in the Nabagram assembly segment which is part of the Jangipur Parliamentary Constituency that goes to polls on Wednesday. While President Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijeet is the Congress candidate, the Trinamool Congress has not contested the elections. The CPM has fielded veteran leader and state committee member Muzaffar Hossain from the seat. The CPM has called a 12-hour bandh in the Nabagram block on Sunday.\"Congress miscreants are involved in the murder. They clearly don't want any opposition to the anti-people policies. We have called a 12-hour bandh in Nabagram to protest against this murder,\" said Mriganka Bhattacharya, district secretary, CPM.Congress leader Dhirendra Nath Yadav denied the charges. He said the victim wasn't important enough for somebody wanting to kill him for political gains. \"He was probably murdered due to some family dispute. The Congress doesn't believe in such kind of politics,\" he said.Hossain, however, claimed that Abdul Hamid was killed since the Congress is scared of losing the Jangipur by-election. \"CPM leaders and members are being attacked everywhere,\" the candidate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704160", "title": "Denied entry, youth vandalize Kandivli bar", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of 20 youngsters vandalized a bar in Kandivli and attacked its staffers after some of them were refused entry on Friday night as they were accompanied by a minor. Three persons have been arrested for rioting.The incident took place around 10 pm at Kaustubh bar and restaurant on MG Road, Kandivli (W). Three youngsters\u2014Sagar Alhaad (18), Mohammad Rizwan Ansari (24) and 17-year-old Rafiq (name changed as he is a minor)\u2014went to the establishment for a drink. But the security guard refused to let them inside as they were accompanied by a minor. The three had a heated argument with the guard, Abhishek Singh, and they left after the guard stuck to his stand.A little later, they returned with a large group of friends, armed with paver blocks, bamboo sticks and glass bottles. The youths thrashed the bar's staffers and smashed glass panes on the door.\"Four persons were injured in the incident,\" said a police officer. \"Singh and the manager, Nishant Pradhan, suffered severe head injuries. Another staffer, Shridhar Shetty, fractured his right thumb while his colleague, J Fernandes, suffered injuries on his eye and in the abdomen.\"On hearing the commotion, other employees, who were inside, rushed out and managed to overpower Alhaad, Ansari and Rafiq while their friends managed to flee. All the accused are residents of Laljipada area in Kandivli (W). The police have launched a manhunt for the rest of the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705767", "title": "Parrikar to attend Modi's yatra in Gujarat", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will visit Gujarat to attend the culmination of that state's chief minister Narendra Modi's Vivekananda yuva vikas yatra (VYVY), on October 11. Modi's month-long Swami VYVY will culminate at Pavagadh on October 11.Parrikar told TOI, \"I am going to Gujarat to attend the culmination of Modi's yatra and I will address a public meeting in Pavagadh.\" Parrikar made his decision after BJP central committee leaders asked him to attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705352", "title": "Thieves steal eight car stereos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves targeted parked cars in Naranpura on Thursday night and stole stereos from eight parked cars. Police suspect it to be the handiwork of gangs from Sardarnagar.According to Naranpura police, residents of Vardaan Towers in Shastrinagar found the cars they had parked on the roads ransacked.According to a complaint by Navin Patel, a resident of the tower, he had parked his Maruti WagonR car outside the building. On Friday morning, he found a window smashed in, and his stereo stolen. He later found out know that seven other residents' cars were also targeted by the same gang. We have included other cases in the complaint by Patel. The collective value of goods stolen is Rs 80,000. We believe that gangs from Sardarnagar, which target western city parts to steal valuables from parked cars, might be involved in the incident. A search is on for the accused on the basis of suspicion,\" said a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705121", "title": "Breather for govt: Deadline for inquiry against Solanki extended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In what could be a big relief for the Narendra Modi government, a special anti-corruption court in Gandhinagar on Saturday extended period of inquiry against fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki for three months.On request from Gandhinagar police, the court has now set another deadline of January 6 to submit inquiry report on the Rs 400-crore fishing scam. This has practically made Solanki safe till the assembly polls that are scheduled in mid December. Complainant Ishaq Maradia vehemently opposed the request for extension in inquiry. His counsel Mukul Sinha argued that the cops deliberately conducted the probe in a slow manner, since the investigators managed to record statements of only two witnesses in two months. The court had asked the superintendent of police to complete the inquiry and submit a report by October 6. Upset with the pace of probe, advocate Sinha said, \"We are going to take this issue in the high court. We will soon challenge this order for extension.\"On August 3, the court ordered inquiry under section 202 of CrPC on basis of Mardia's complaint for the alleged Rs 400-crore fishing contract scam. Maradia has sought Solanki's prosecution under sections 7, 8, 13(1)A, 13(1)B and 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The complaint was filed after governor Dr Kamla granted sanction for prosecution of the minister in July end. Even the Gujarat high court cleared the way for this process after governor's order.After the high court found irregularities in awarding fishing contracts and quashed the ministry's decision, Maradia sought permission for Solanki's criminal prosecution. On March 30, the high court had directed the state government to take a decision in this regard, or the governor could take a final call. The state government refused permission to prosecute the minister. Maradia sought sanction from the governor. On examination, Raj Bhavan found that the then chief secretary D Rajagopalan had strongly opposed the fishing contracts and made notings: \"This is against government policy of leasing our reservoir and dams for fishing and the minister has no authority to change it. Such power is lying only with the cabinet and unless cabinet changes policy, it cannot be given for any consideration. This matter has never been put up before the cabinet.\"Solanki then moved HC questioning the governor's authority to grant sanction. But the high court turned his plea down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "16705846", "title": "1,200 residents of Hansot denied ration", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: At least 1,200 ration card holders will not get subsidized ration from seven rationing shops in Hansot taluka due to an error in computerized entries.A complaint has been made before mamlatdar. It says that over 1,000 card holders have been denied their quota of ration of sugar, kerosene and wheat due to an error in the bar coding system in Gandhinagar.Deputy mamlatdar Yusuf Patel said, \"We have drawn the attention of the respective officers. Quotas have not been allocated to the shops due to server problem and without bar coded ration cards, people would not get their ration.\"Naginbhai Parmar said, \"It is unfortunate. We have requested our MLA and sports minister Ishwarbhai Patel to help us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704393", "title": "Investment board faces SC orders, green hurdles", "text": "NEW DELHI: A clutch of Supreme Court rulings and stiff existing environment regulations could prevent the proposed National Investment Board (NIB) from emerging as a one-stop clearance window for big-ticket infrastructure projects that the PMO and finance ministry want it to be.The government would find itself snagged by at least three green laws and will have to seek exemption from the apex court to its existing orders that have not only blocked options to bypass ecological clearances but have also increased the environmental scrutiny of projects. The need for NIB stems from the concern that regulatory clearances from several ministries and departments along with state governments delay pr- ojects inordinately.Industries and projects have to seek upto four clearances from Centre pertaining to environment, wildlife, forestry and coastal zone regulations \u2014 each of them require separate processes, which, however, can be conducted concurrently. In most cases, forest clearances take the longest as they require proposals to emanate from the forest bureaucracy's lowest administrative level in states.One of the recent apex court orders that could lower expectations from the proposed NIB came in the Lafarge mining case in Meghalaya. The court reiterated that environmental clearances could not be granted by the ministry concerned until forest clearance had been secured in cases where projects require forest land.In addition, going by SC's previous orders, it was made mandatory for projects coming up within 10km of any national park and sanctuary to seek clearance from the National Board of Wildlife along with any land they may require in the 600 plus wildlife rich zones. The government had toyed with the idea of going back to the SC on the orders in the Lafarge case, especially when deliberations took place on the coal blocks that had been stuck for want of forest clearances. But, the government did overrule objections from the environment ministry and clear several coal blocks through the Group of Ministers' route. Mahan and Chhattrasal coal blocks are a case in point.The most recent piece of legislation on forestry \u2014 the Forest Rights Act, 2006 \u2014 too requires clearance for projects from village councils of tribals, but the government is yet to implement it.The government has monitored and pursued the case for high-value projects with different regulatory ministries. But, so far it has used the prerogative of the political leadership to overrule against the advice and recommendations of mandatory expert committees or bureaucracy. For the NIB to have sweeping powers, the existing rules under the Environment Protection Act, the Forest Conservation Act and the Forest Rights Act need to be amended ahead of moving SC for relief against its specific orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710173", "title": "Jessica Biel's 'cool as cucumber' about planning wedding to Justin Timberlake", "text": "Jessica Biel has revealed that she isn't stressing about her upcoming trip down the aisle with Justin Timberlake .The bride-to-be, who spoke to E! News at Variety's Power of Women luncheon in L.A. Friday about her laid-back wedding planning philosophy, said that she's no \"bridezilla\".\"I'm just pretty much cool as a cucumber in general in my life. So no, I'm cool,\" Us magazine quoted her as saying.In August, the 'Total Recall' star had admitted that she's pretty content to be hands-off when it comes to the specifics for her big day.\"I'm one of those people who is not very detail-oriented,\" she had said.\"I'm sort of the . . . big idea person, so I'll probably give an idea and then let it be created,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16705970", "title": "Work stalled at Essar plant", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Workers stalled construction work at Essar steel plant in Paradip on Saturday to protest against the alleged attack on workers by security forces and hired goons on Friday. Thirty persons, including many workers of Essar were injured after many workers and security personnel clashed in front of the main gate. The incident took place after a tent of the workers was allegedly torched by security men near the main gate of the steel plant on Thursday night.On Saturday, many workers protested against the officials and security men over the torching the tents and sat on dharna in front of the main gate bringing construction work to a standstill. Senior police officers rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation. \"Two platoons of police have been deployed at the spot. Some workers filed FIR against the officials and security men of Essar steel plant and alleged that they were attacked by them. Police are investigating the case,\" said Bhabani Shankar Mishra, the SDPO of Paradip. \"Negotiations are going on to sort out the various issues through discussions with the agitated workers,\" said a senior official of Essar Steel.The contract labourers engaged in the construction work feel neglected by the company. Land losers also accuse the plant authorities of adopting anti-local policies in all appointments, said Toffan Swain, a trade union leader. \"Many land losers have yet to receive compensation. We want the company to give priority to locals in employment and 70% reservation in technical posts. Our agitation will continue until our demand is fulfilled,\" said Pramod Jena, a trade union leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16704776", "title": "Tibetan torch rally leaves Jodhpur for Jaipur", "text": "JODHPUR: Of the seven torch rallies travelling across the globe to muster support of the world community for Tibet, one arrived in Jodhpur on Thursday. It left for Jaipur on Saturday.Having started its journey from Kochi on July 6 this year, the torch christened 'Flame of Truth' will meet two other similar torches travelling in India in New Delhi on December 10 to coincide with the World Human Rights Day.Karma Yeshi, an MP of the Tibetan parliament in exile, who is travelling with a team along with the torch, said they will submit a petition to the United Nations Secretary General Ban ki Moon after it was signed by at least three lakh people from all walks of life from across the globe as a gesture of endorsement for their demands from the UN.\"This petition with the signatures will finally be submitted to Moon, UN Human Rights Council and UN Information Office, New Delhi,\" Yeshi said.He said their demand from the UNO is to discuss the issue of Tibet in light of the resolutions passed in 1959, 1961 and 1965, to send an independent fact-finding international delegation to Tibet to investigate the ongoing crisis there and to ensure that the basic rights and aspirations of the Tibetans are protected.Three torch rallies started in India on July 6, the birth day of the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama one each from Leh, Shillong and Kochi and since then, the torches have travelled through 100 towns of 24 states. The women's wing of Bharat-Tibet Maitri Sangh and the Tibetan Woolen Market Association received the torch on its arrival in Jodhpur. The event was also supported by former chief of army General V K Singh.A month ago, Sherab Tsedor, who had set himself ablaze in November 2011 in New Delhi in front of the Chinese Embassy, had arrived in Jodhpur on an All India Tibet Awareness and Support Campaign as apart of his mission, \"Messenger on Snowland\", to get Tibet liberated from China's \"intervention and atrocities\".Tsedor, who started his mission on 53rd Tibetan National Uprising day on March 10, 2012 from Dharamsala, said it is aimed at building a consensus and pressure on the world community to strongly urge China to respect the fundamental rights of the Tibetans who wanted to freely practice their religion and bring to an end the \"so called Patriotic Re-Education Campaign\", allow international independent fact-finding delegations and media to visit the affected areas and refrain from using repressive measures against the peaceful protesters and stop harassing the families of those Tibetan youths, who sacrificed their lives for Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705719", "title": "Capital's health affected, prohibitory orders issued", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For the second time in a span of three months, prohibitory orders have been clamped in the capital city. District collector K N Sateesh imposed section 144 in the capital on Saturday as part of preventing health hazards.From now on, anyone who is found dumping waste in public places will be arrested. The collector has also banned the functioning of roadside eateries functioning in unhygienic conditions. The slaughter houses functioning without authorized licence will be shut down.The collector termed the health situation in the city 'precarious'. \"Cholera and dengue fever are spreading in the city at an alarming rate. We need to dispose of the garbage being accumulated in the city without any delay or the situation will go out of control. It has been decided to impose section 144 foreseeing emergency situation,\" said the collector.The decision has come in the wake of surge in number of dengue cases in the capital. About 2,000 dengue cases have been confirmed in the district in the last nine months.Cholera outbreak has also been reported in the coastal areas like Puthiyathura, where two persons have already been diagnosed with the disease.With the order coming into effect, strict legal action will be initiated against those polluting drinking water reserves.The collector also said that police will arrest those who cause inconvenience to the distribution of clean drinking water and transportation of garbage.The authorised vendors in the capital will also be punishable, if caught polluting the environment.It was in June that the district collector had first imposed section 144 in the capital this year after the city following severe garbage crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705292", "title": "With the pro-Kannada activists stopping trains, rich cultural hubs in and around Mysore stranded", "text": "With the pro-Kannada activists stopping trains coming from Chennai, a group of five tourists from Holland who had come to India to see the rich cultural hubs in and around Mysore were stranded. The Shatabdi train they were travelling in was stopped at City Railway station. The tourists were seen checking with other travellers how to reach Mysore. With private taxis also on strike, the stranded group was clueless on how to go ahead with their journey forward.No Metro, no shoppingNilotpal Samanta, a financial analyst with an MNC, found his plan to go shopping around MG Road derailed - for there was no Metro service at 1 pm. \"I had to pick up a friend from KR Puram and go for lunch on Church Street. We though we would take the Metro from Baiyappanahalli. But after waiting for almost 20 minutes, we heard talk of some violence at MG Road station. Soon the guards said that the services were shut till 6pm,\" he said. He decided to drive to MG Road but saw protesters gathered near Binnamanagala and returned to his friend's house. Samanta's plan to venture out in the evening too was washed out due to rain.The long walkWhen Preethi, a housewife from the Kadukondanahalli, ventured out to her cousin's house in Sanjaynagar on Saturday morning , she was relieved to find buses plying. She boarded a bus and went to her cousin's house. But it was a different story on her return journey, for the roads were empty. With no transport available, she was left with no option but to walk back home. \"There were no autos available too. I really regret getting out in the morning,\" she said.Trouble on roadWhen 25-year-old Naushad took his bike out from his house in Ramamurthynagar towards Yelahanka on Saturday morning, he didn't expect it would break down and ruin his day. Stranded near the Canadian Public School on Bellary Road, after his bike ran out of engine oil, Naushad had to push his vehicle for a couple of kilometers before he could find a safe parking place. With no mechanics and pumps closed, he said even his friends could not manage to get engine oil. \"Looks like I will be stuck here till evening,\" he said.Sick child walks to hospitalAn eight-year-old down with fever and her mother had to walk almost 4 km from Frazer Town to the Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital in Shivaji Nagar on Saturday afternoon. \"My daughter had been running fever since yesterday. My husband is out of station and the general physician in our area was not available too. No autos or buses were plying, so we had to walk down,\" said Gowramma, adding, \"We don't have a vehicle and I felt very helpless.\" The mother-daughter duo had to walk back home too. \"My daughter was feeling very giddy but at least she got proper medical treatment,\" said Gowramma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16706412", "title": "No breakthrough yet in Muthoot loot", "text": "MADURAI: Police are investigating the possibility of foul play by employees in the daring robbery in a Kerala-based private finance company, where 37 kg of gold was allegedly looted by a five-member gang.Though the police are yet to secure any miscreants in the burglary, police sources said foul play by the employees is strongly suspected. Meanwhile, the police found the two-wheelers of Balasubramanian and Sathish Kumar in a two-wheeler stand at Mattuthavani bus terminal, strengthening the foul play angle. \"If they were abducted by the gang, the two-wheelers should have been abandoned on the spot, but the police found them parked in a stand. Also, there are contradictions in the versions provided by the employees,\" a police official said. \"Balasubramanian had to hand over the branch key shortly as he had been transferred to another branch. No one around the branch found anything alarming when the burglary actually took place. They disconnected the burglar alarm and meticulously opened the lockers, which needed some technical expertise. There are also possibilities that the gold was removed from the lockers in a gradual manner. We are looking at the heist from every possible angle including foul play by employees,\" the official said.City police sources said they have not arrested anyone in this regard but employees are being questioned. The special teams are probing all possible angles with each team following particular leads.Deputy commissioner (crime) A Jayalakshmi said the investigation was going on and seven special teams each headed by an assistant commissioner had been formed to nab the culprits. \"We have identified one culprit through photographs taken in CCTVs at Mattuthavani. We will arrest the culprits soon,\" she said.On Friday, the branch manager of Muthoot FinCorp in Karimedu, Balasubramanian, filed a complaint with the police stating that he was kidnapped by a five-member gang after his work hours and they snatched away the keys of the branch at knifepoint. He also alleged that they collected the other key from the assistant manager of the branch, Sathish Kumar, by forcing Balasubramanian to telephone him to bring the key. The gang allegedly broke open the branch on Thursday night and looted 37 kg of gold worth Rs 10 crore. Balasubramanian claimed they were released in the city outskirts by the gang on Friday after which they filed the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705489", "title": "Keshubhai gets lukewarm response", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After getting support in Kutch and Saurashtra, Keshubhai Patel's Parivartan Yatra received lukewarm response as it entered Surendranagar.As the yatra passed along the route in the district, there were several villages where just a handful of villagers were present to receive the yatra and Keshubhai Patel. Even GPP leaders admitted that the response in Surendranagar was not up to their expectations.\"Due to crop failure and the Thangadh police firing incident we were expecting good support as we got in Saurasthra and Kutch but as we entered the district, we were disappointed,\" said a senior office bearer.Keshubhai Patel played the Narmada card here once again. \"It was my government which brought water to the district, but in the 12 years of chief minister Narendra Modi rule, the canals have dried up and there is no water. If GPP comes to power, these canals will overflow into the fields again.\"He said that the people here are being treated as thieves and sent to jail. \"When I was CM, farmers got priority for Narmada water we will give it back to them.\"He also remembered the time government officials and police were deployed along the canal to prevent farmers from drawing water.Keshubhai not only spoke about of his manifesto, but also said that the debt for each individual in the state has increased manifold. The debt on the people of Gujarat was 1.27 lakh crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16706245", "title": "Congestion has ensured cabbies can\u2019t run more than 75km a day", "text": "MUMBAI: An average taxi driver in Mumbai used to clock approximately 120km a day in 1996. Such has been the rise in congestion in all these years that cabbies are not able to clock more than 75km per day today. This, in turn, has also been partially responsible for the increase in taxi fares, transport commissioner V N More said on Saturday.\"The more a taxi runs , the higher a driver's earning per day.\" More said, \"Taxis are able to clock not more than 75km per day because of the rise in traffic, making longer duration journey unfeasible.\"The 120km run per day was fixed in accordance with the Patankar Committee report , whose formula was fixed to arrive at the fare structure for cabbies and autorickshaws.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said , \"In 1996, the minimum fare slab was Rs 10.50 per km and subsequent fare per kilometer was Rs 6.50. Taxis also have to make more empty runs because of lack of taxi stands . Therefore , per km mileage drops.\"While framing a new formula for fares , the Hakim Committee concluded that a vehicle's average run was 75 km per day , excluding the 20% empty run.The state government diluted the cost of living index to Rs 11,000 per month against Rs 12,000 suggested by the Hakim Committee .Based on several heads of expenditure , including the cost of living , repair , maintenance cost and so on , the fare was fixed at Rs 19 for a minimum slab of 1.5km and Rs 12.35 for every subsequent km . This implies that fares have increased by almost 100% in the past 15 years .Union leader Sharad Rao said , \"The Patankar Committee had noted that taxis' average per km run had decreased then too, compared to the previous years . This was because to traffic , more signals , and so on . Frequent slowing down and stopping leads more application of brakes and gears , resulting in a higher maintenance cost.\"According to one estimate, on an average, one lakh vehicles are added to the city's roads each year . In 2004, the city had 12,33,675 vehicles , while in 2011 the number of vehicles rose to 19,17,798 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16710047", "title": "Foreign firepower could sway Mumbai FC fortunes", "text": "MUMBAI: FC always start the I-League season with promise but take the route to chaos before they even know it and the journey ends in a desperate attempt to stay afloat more often than not. Just like the seasons before, coach Khalid Jamil has a relatively young side with a few seasoned campaigners thrown in and he would really hope his combinations don't fail him.Departures have been plenty and Jamil has had to revamp 70% of the squad.\"We tried out a lot of youngsters at the Federation Cup and I was pleased with their performance. The last season was a tough one and there is a lot of expectation to change things this time around. We have to finish way better than a 11th position and everyone on the squad is determined. We need to start well and more importantly, build on those results,\" said Jamil.The coach also feels playing at the Cooperage will have a big say in the way his team finish the season. \"It's purely about the comfort level and support we get at the Cooperage. The travel from the last two seasons did take a toll on us,\" said Jamil.The club has retained Abhishek Yadav but hasn't really been able to get any other big name on board. Mumbai FC does have interesting youngsters who will definitely be worth a watch.The foreigners section is a key area that could swing Mumbai FC's fortunes for the better. Former club midfielder Evans Quao has agreed to a second stint, striker ND Opara who had a fantastic season with Churchill Brothers joins Jamil and the experienced Yusif Yakubu could be on his way, making it a formidable set. The club has been successful in retaining the versatile Amiri Islam to fill the Asian spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705295", "title": "No vacation for ministers during Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: State ministers should not leave their constituencies during the Pujas. The instruction comes from chief minister and party supremo Mamata Banerjee . Mamata wants ministers to stay with the people and work on the campaign strategy for the panchayat elections, spicing it up with the misdeeds of the 34 years of Left Front rule.With her eyes fixed on the coming panchayat polls, Mamata wants the ministers to oversee the development work drawn up for rural Bengal. The CM has already taken stock of the situation with district magistrates and asked them to engage all the government officers down to the block level to expedite the projects. She has made it loud and clear that the administration has to deliver the goods fast.In a move to revamp the public distraction in the Jangalmahal districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia, the state food department is setting up a total 68 new ration shops in these three districts.\"These shops will be managed by self- help groups under the department's supervision,\" said food minister Jyotipriya Mullick.In order to reap the benefits of the administrative work, Mamata has asked all her ministers to oversee the panchayat poll preparation in the districts. Like always, the previous Left Front government is likely to be the main thrust of attack in the election campaigns.\"The issues of FDI will not be too relevant for the panchayat polls, but villagers will be able to easily identify their problems by putting up the misdeeds that occurred in the last 34 years of Left Front Rule,\" said a source.The chief minister in her meeting with the DMs has told them to look into the process of identifying seats that will be reserved for OBCs. She has also instructed them to oversee the delimitation process. The government wants to identify the most sensitive areas.The BDOs have been asked to see that the BPL list and voters' identity cards are prepared with transparency. Mamata has also asked them to lay emphasis on the 100-days' work under the NREGA scheme so that the work days could be increased.Besides, the issue of mid-day meals, which have given rise to allegations of several irregularities, will also have to be taken care of.The labour department is also trying to ensure that the Samajik Mukti cards are properly distributed in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705568", "title": "Act against leaders shielding illegal buildings: NGOsconstructions: NGOs", "text": "PUNE: Civic organisations in the city have demanded that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) take action against elected representatives shielding illegal constructions in the city.In a press statement issued here on Friday, the Sajag Nagrik Manch, Nagrik Chetana Manch, Parisar and Surajya Sangharsh Samiti have said the PMC should file criminal offences against those responsible for the September 24 tragedy, wherein an illegal three-storied building collapsed killing 11 people. The construction was in a low water zone where only 0.33 floor space index is permitted. However, the construction had gone much beyond this limit. Former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande, who owns the land, was arrested in this regard.\"Elected representatives will stop shielding and building illegal constructions in the cityonly when stringent action is taken against them. The PMC should provide video cameras to engineers working in demolition squads. If elected representatives are found creating hurdles in the drive, the PMC should take strict action and initiate steps to cancel their membership as per the law,\" said the release.The organisations have said the PMC commissioner and officials should continue with the drive. \"The PMC will be able to curb proliferation of illegal constructions only when stringent action is initiated. Citizens should support the drive,\" said the organisations.Meanwhile, the PMC has not shown any interest in setting up special police stations to probe civic crimes. The proposal to set up exclusive police stations to handle civic crimes, including encroachments and violation of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Act (BPMC) and the Maharashtra Regional &amp; Town Planning Act (MRTP), 1966, still remains on paper. A few years ago, the state government had told the PMC to forward proposals seeking exclusive police stations to handle civic crimes. With the existing burden, the police are not able to pay attention to civic crimes like encroachments and violation of the BPMC and MRTP Acts. However, no political party has pursued the issue in the last five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705134", "title": "Stand up for the count, no escaping the card", "text": "KOLKATA: In case you're scared of missing the Aadhaar bus, count on the National Population Register camps.The state Directorate of Census Operations and the UID Implementation Committee will set up permanent NPR centres for those left out in the first or second phase of data collection. The directorate, with its limited funds, has been publicising the compulsory registration for NPR, of which Aadhaar is a crucial part. But several residents have either been left out or have opted out because they don't yet understand how important it is to be counted.\"NPR will continue forever, because every child over five years must be enrolled. New names will be included all the time but temporary camps will always leave out some names. For revision of data, the best solution is to have a permanent NPR centre in every locality,\" said census director Dipak Ghosh.During the first round of biometric camps, many ignored the plea, not knowing what NPR and Aadhaar were all about. Others have not been able to fit the camp in their busy schedule.\"People must understand that getting their own Resident Identity Card (RIC) with the Aadhaar number inscribed on it is a compulsion. Now, they must wait for the next round of biometric camps. In future, the permanent NPR centres will come to their aid,\" added Ghosh.NPR centres, with skeleton staff, will be manned all day. Anybody whose name has been struck off the register can visit these centres, fill in the forms and have their biometrics done to get the RIC and Aadhaar number. These centres may be set up in government offices, municipal or corporation buildings or the subdivisional or block offices in the districts.Many residents were left out during the first phase of Census 2011 when enumerators visited households to collect the details needed for NPR in a paper format. Their names will have to be enlisted first. They will then be asked to visit a biometric camp with documents like a voter ID card. The data will then be scanned and uploaded on an electronic database in English and Bengali.Those left out in the Census enumeration will be given a new NPR form. The filled in forms will be submitted to a government official present at the camp and verified by the authorities while the individual's biometric details will be captured during the next round of biometric camping.Every locality must undergo two rounds of camping, say sources. If anyone misses the first one, they are intimated about the second. In case they cannot make it to the second camp also, a third chance will be given to enrol at camps when they are set up at a designated date. Those who still play hard to get will have their names struck off the register. But they can still get on board. \"He must apply afresh with the required documents, which will be verified by officials. After the verification is done, a designated officer will pass an order allowing the individual to re-enter the NPR,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704641", "title": "Protest marches to demand food security law reach Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The \" Rozi Roti Adhikar Yatra\" (rally for right to food and employment) that was flagged off from Udaipur district on September 30, reached Jaipur on Saturday after traversing through six districts where it created awareness among people to fight for food security for all without distinction on economic criteria.Several other rallies in the state to demand an effective national food security legislation started from different directions in the state (Barmer, Hanumangarh, Bikaner and Alwar) also reached Jaipur and culminated in a public assembly at Statue Circle.Activists at the rally later submitted a memorandum to governor Margret Alva, urging the state and Central governments to open up the food godowns and distribute the foodgrains on subsidised rates to the people.\"Our struggle is to get the APL-BPL division removed. This distinction is destructive. The godowns should be opened for all families,\" said Kavita Srivastava, secretary of PUCL, one the organisations behind the rally. She added, \"Everyone should be given subsidised and inexpensive cereals, pulses and edible oil. Government should provide approximately 10 kgs of cereals, 1.5 kg of pulses and 900 gms of edible oil to every person every month.\"Other demands of the rally organisers included, unconditional pension of Rs 2,000 for every woman, disabled persons and aged people, rations cards for all migrant labourers, whether they are from the state or not, privatization of mid-day meal scheme be stopped and the children who do not go to schools be also provided midday meals and the government's first call on our Jal (Water), Jungle (Forest), Zameen (Land) should be for food and not for dams, mining and factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704749", "title": "'Student police cadet' programme to be launched in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has decided to launch a 'student police cadet' programme in 21 schools of the state from the next academic session. The programme is aimed at preparing a pool of committed students ready to discharge social service for the nation apart from creating a voluntary law-abiding patriotic citizens.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has given his nod to start the project initially for two years. The project is successfully running in Kerala. The department of home and education will jointly implement this project while other departments including transport and local self-government will extend their support.The SPC programme is an activity-based learning emphasizing on orienting students towards law, discipline, civic sense and resistance to social evils prevalent in our society. \"The programme will be for students who have attained 50% marks in the last annual exam. It will strengthen commitment towards their family, society and environment,\" said a government official.Students under this programme will participate in various drives launched by state government and local bodies. The campaign include traffic rules, environment issues, drunken driving etc. The activities are designed in such a way that a cadet will have practical learning experience. The uniform of SPC is the same as that of a police constable.The SPC is different from National Cadet Corps and National Service Scheme. The NCC programme is for creating a disciplined life among students while NSS is functioning basically service-oriented. The schools, three each in seven ranges of the state, will be selected for the programme, under which students are trained to evolve as future leaders.The department will reveal the name of these schools shortly. The scheme is meant for only government schools, and later will be implemented in other schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704589", "title": "Revised unclear pricing, cap on cylinders baffle consumers", "text": "JAIPUR: The cap on domestic Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinders has baffled most of the consumers. Be it the pricing or the number of cylinders to be made available to them, there seems to be no clarity, according to the consumers. The decision of oil and gas companies to put new connections on hold has also added to the worries of the aam aadmi.Multiple pricing of cylinders, with the possibility of price variation every month, has put consumers in a spot. \"We still don't know how many cylinders, and on what rates, will be provided to us. Some say it would be available at Rs 900 but by what I hear in the news channels, we will get it for Rs 380 at least for some more months. I am not sure how this system is working,\" said Seema Jain, a housewife.Oil and gas company officials claimed that the rates of the seventh (for Rajasthan it is tenth) cylinder will be decided based on the international prices. \"It could be anything as the cylinder rates will be unregulated and decided by the international prices. As of now it is Rs 734.67 in Jaipur but next month it may fall or rise,\" said the Gumeet Singh, the GM of IOC.The Union government on September 14 decided to cap the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per household from the current financial year. From the day of the announcement, a consumer can avail only three more cylinders till March 31, 2013 under the subsidized rate.The Rajasthan government, in a bid to provide relief to 67.38 lakh connection holders in the state, announced an additional subsidy on three more cylinders.However, a notification is yet to be issued by the state government, and therefore, the clarity over whether the state will offer subsidy on all the three cylinders or will limit it to two for the current financial year is yet to be ascertained.In the state capital, a 14.2 kg domestic LPG cylinder will be available for Rs 387.92 After crossing the limit of nine subsidized cylinders (six by Union government and additional three by state government), a cylinder will be available at about Rs 734.67. For the non-domestic (exempted) category, the price will be Rs 992.50 per cylinder.On new connections, officials claimed that while booking is on, the release of new connections has been put in on hold. \"We are developing a software which will link the data on the number of consumers between all the three companies supplying LPG,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16704628", "title": "Fleeing robbers leave weapons, car behind", "text": "GURGAON: In the daytime on Saturday a group of miscreants made a robbery attempt at the Muthoot Finance Ltd office located in Sector 10A. Ironically, the accused forgot their weapons and Tata Safari car while fleeing the spot.Police have obtained the %CCTV footage from the finance company office and seized the car and weapons.According to police, the incident took place in the HUDA market of Sector 10-A around 9am on Saturday soon after the Muthoot Finance Ltd office opened for the day. Five armed assailants had arrived in a Tata Safari and only some of the staff members were there in the office.While three stood near the car, two of them went towards the security guard and tried to take him hostage at gunpoint. They also tried to enter the office forcibly, but the security guard, Rajbeer, native of Menpuri in Uttar Pradesh, resisted them.The robbers threatened to kill the guard, but did not give up and started shouting for help. One of them tried to gag the guard even as Muthoot employees and passersby assembled there.At this point, when the miscreants started to escape the security guard start firing in the air. Fearing the worst, the miscreants fled the spot leaving behind their car and weapons. The employees called the police control room and a police team also reached the spot from the Sector 10-A police station. Police have taken the CCTV footage from the cameras of the %finance company to identify the accused.A senior police officer said that the Safari car (HR-26-AK-9754), which was used by the miscreants, turned out to be a stolen car registered in Gurgaon, \"We got some important clues about the miscreants. We are also investigating with the help of the CCTV footage. The Tata Safari car was stolen in Delhi in 2008,\" said Narendra Kadiyan, ACP (city) Gurgaon.Innova stolenFour unknown carjackers held a cab driver hostage at gunpoint and stole his Innova car in the Sushant Lok, Gurgaon. The four accused drove on Sohna road after beating up the driver and dumped him in a deserted place on Sohna-Tauoru road and fled with the car around 1.30am on Friday. According to police, Rajkumar, native of Rajasthan, was working as cab driver with a Gurgaon-based private firm, located in Cyber Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708746", "title": "Jiah Khan signs 3-film deal", "text": "\"Nishabd\" actress Jiah Khan , who was last seen in 2010 film \"Housefull\", has signed a three-film deal with a big production house.Jiah, who came to a city show flaunting the couture of celebrated designer Jaya Mishra for upcoming Bridal Asia show, Delhi, told , \"I will again appear in Bollywood as part of a three-film deal but can't disclose more at this stage.\"The 24-year-old actress, who had walked the ramp for Mishra at a Hyderabad fashion show a month back, said she found wearing ethnic costumes fascinating.\"I am very much into ethnic culture. In fact my all time dream remains to turn up in a real period film and in a lead character donning those costumes and accessories,\" Jiah said.When asked which director she would want to work with, she said, \"I simply love Anurag Kashyap's filmmaking. But Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Mani Ratnam are my two other favourite filmmakers who have weaved magic with their work.\"Asked what went in her mind when she first learnt about essaying a role opposite Amitabh Bachchan in the 2007 Ramgopal Verma flick \"Nishabd\" , Jiah said, \"I did not have any butterflies in the stomach. I knew I have to give my best shot opposite Mr Bachchan and he did not behave as a superstar.\"Bridal Asia is to be held from October 21-23 in Delhi and will highlight Mishra's designer robes studded with weaves, jewels and Swarovski embellishments.\"I chose Jiah as a representative of the new generation who can combine the east and west with subtle sensitivity symbolising poise, elegance and passion,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16703991", "title": "Duleep Trophy: Shikhar Dhawan leads North Zone show with a century", "text": "CHENNAI: Skipper Shikhar Dhawan scored a century to guide North Zone to a confident 251-3 at close, but the left-handed opener from Delhi will be kicking himself for throwing his wicket away when the going was good against West Zone on the opening day of the Duleep Trophy quarterfinal on Saturday.North were fortunate with the toss on a flat-bed at the Chidambaram Stadium, and better still, rode on the 164-run opening wicket stand between Dhawan (101) and Rahul Dewan (65) to seize early control of the four-day game.West were at the receiving end for almost two full sessions on an unhelpful pitch and in humid conditions before Delhi's Dhawan, who smashed young left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh for five boundaries in one over to reach his century, gave off-spinner Kamlesh Makvana the charge to be stumped by Parthiv Patel.Brief scores: North Zone 251/3 at stumps on Day 1 (S Dhawan 101, R Dewan 65; K Makvana 2/60) vs West Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704973", "title": "Arrest Mallya for abetment of suicide: Sharad Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, financially-strained Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) chief Vijay Mallya is facing political heat. JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav on Saturday demanded that Mallya be arrested for the suicide of one his employee's wife as she took her life due to KFA's inability to pay salaries.Sushmita Chakraborty, wife of a Kingfisher Airline employee, hung herself frustrated with continued penury due to non-payment of her husband's salaries for over six months. Close to 4,000 employees of the beleaguered airline have not been paid for months and are forced to live off relatives.Drawing a parallel between Suhmita's case and the recent suicide of Geetika Sharma, an employee with an airline owned by politician Gopal Kanda, Yadav demanded that Mallya be booked for abetment to suicide.\"If Kanda can go to jail based on a suicide note, why should Mallya be spared? In this case too, the deceased has blamed Mallya for her miseries and her decision to take the extreme step. A dying declaration is regarded as truth and accepted as proof in court,\" said Yadav.The JD(U) chief stressed that if such an action is taken, Mallya would quickly release salaries of employees. \"Put him behind bars and see how he starts understanding the misery of his employees. He will immediately pay everyone. He has enough money. He owns a Rs 350-crore ship, brings out fashion calendars, mints money out of liquor business, buys IPL teams and he can't pay salaries,\" Yadav wondered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706243", "title": "Road digging work in city claims schoolgirl's life", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The indiscriminate digging of roads in the city and unfinished works on Saturday claimed the life of a schoolgirl near CMP degree college when the two-wheeler in which she was travelling alongwith her cousin accidentally slipped crushed stones laid along the road.The cousin received injuries.As per report, Surabhi Srivastava aged 14 years, resident Bairahna under Kydganj police station was a student of class 9th at a local girls school. On Saturday afternoon she was returning home alongwith her cousin who was driving a scooty.As they reached CMP Degree college crossing, the scooty accidentally slipped on the layer of crushed stones laid on the under constructed road.The two fell on the ground and the girl received serious head injuries.She was rushed to a local hospital where the doctors declared her dead on arrival, informed her uncle Manoj Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore/hassan", "code": "16705231", "title": "Central team's convoy stopped in Hassan", "text": "MYSORE/HASSAN: The central team deputed to assess the situation in Cauvery basin did an aerial survey of areas irrigated by Kabini, Harangi and Hemavathy dams on Saturday even as the bandh crippled normal life in many parts of the state. The convoy faced protests in Hassan district where agitators blocked roads. It was only after police intervention that the team was allowed to proceed.The central team, after completing the assessment of the KRS command, began evaluation in Kabini, Harangi and Hemavathy river basins taking the aerial route and also visited fields when it faced protests in Hassan district. The agitators stopped the convoy of the team which was on its way to Holenarasipur by setting fire to tyres and creating blockades. But the cops intervened and removed the protesters from the site allowing the convoy to pass.While the team toured Kabini and Harangi river basins without much trouble the scene changed when they started to tour by road in Hassan. JD(S) floor leader H D Revanna led them to Holenarsipur, a constituency represented by him. The farmers blocked the Hassan-Holenarsipur road and tried to mob the team members. However, a team of police personnel led by Hassan DC K P Mohan Raj and SP Amith Singh which were following the convoy was quick to react and cleared the blockade and dispersed the crowd. At Holenarsipur, the team viewed the flow of water released from Hemavathy dam.The team leader K C Jacob, chief engineer, told reporters that in four days, they will submit the report. The Central government will decide based on this report, he said.MPs meet teamAt Mysore, two Congress MPs Adagooru H Vishwanath and R Dhruvanarayan met the team members and pressed the Centre to stop release of water. They said the team should factor in the ground realities and said the experts should have been sent before the PM asked the state to release water at the CRA meeting on September 19. They also referred to the importance of storage at the Kabini dam as the backwaters are crucial for the wild animals at Nagarahole and Bandipur tiger reserves.Industries' pleaMeanwhile, industrialists in Mysore have asked the government to stop release of water pointing to the dependence of the industries, especially the SSIs, on the Kabini and KRS dams. They met the regional commissioner M V Jayanthi and submitted a memorandum. The Mysore Industries Association has said that 45 SSIs employing two lakh people depend on water from the two dams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704429", "title": "At 60, it\u2019s celebration time for iconic Mumbai art gallery", "text": "MUMBAI: It might sound incredible but there was a time when Jehangir Art Gallery was young and much coveted. She was the modern gallery liberal Indian artists sought to occupy; a complex that was welcoming of both stragglers and earnest spectators. It was the 1950s, and summits and biennales were still a twinkle in Art India's eye.This October as it celebrates its 60th anniversary, Jehangir Art Gallery will walk us back to its beginnings, and channel via exhibition, interview, anecdote and suchlike those grainy days when Husain and Hebbar hung about and Akbar Padamsee first courted trouble.\"It was 1954, and I had my first exhibition at Jehangir, soon after returning from Paris,\" Padamsee recounts. \"A policemen walked in, and claiming I was guilty under Section 292 of the IPC (which refers to the sale and distribution of obscene literature or art forms) ordered me to remove two paintings he claimed were objectionable. They were part of my exhibition titled 'Lovers' and showed a man touching a woman's breast. I later learnt that it was Morarji Desai, then CM of Bombay State) who got wind of the paintings and orchestrated their eviction. I did not relent.\" The then secretary of the galley reprimanded Padamsee for his intransigence and said he was bringing dishonour to art. \"I was defending it, I retorted,\" he says. To clip ahead to the climax, Padamsee held his ground, the matter reached the high court, and the artist and free expression won the day. Padamsee however, lost the two paintings to the police who confiscated them.Although Jehangir was eventually built in 1952 (designed by Durga Shankar Bajpai and G M Bhuta), the proposal for a modern art gallery in Bombay was first hashed out in 1946. The gallery was initially to be built close to the Cooperage ground, but it was later housed on the grounds of the Prince of Wales Museum and named after the late son of Cowasji.\"Back then, the creme de la creme used to come here. Not anymore. Now top-tier artists have tied up with commercial galleries and it's not easy to organise a show like in the old days,\" acknowledges Adi Jehangir, chairman of the gallery and grandson of Sir Cowasji. \"But Jehangir Art Gallery is still unique. We're a non-commercial organisation and we're still the biggest platform for artists from across India in a central location. Without Jehangir, those artists would find it hard to secure a comparable or affordable platform.\" It does occur to him that the gallery's star has faded, but he accepts this as the price it must pay for taking an egalitarian approach to art.Indeed, Jehangir is very likely the city's only truly public art gallery, with Mumbai Darshan buses routinely disgorging out-of-towners here and the public traipsing uninhibitedly through its six galleries (and Cafe Samovar). The institution is also of great utilitarian value for its convenient loos.\"We receive more than 3,000 visitors a day,\" claims Karthiayni G Menon, the gallery's straight-talking secretary. Menon, who has been around for 45 years, says she remembers when rentals per gallery were under Rs 50 a day. \"Today, the per diem lease has appreciated to around Rs 3,500. And we're booked solid till 2013. We receive close to 4,000 applications a year,\" she says.Jehangir harbours no illusions about its status in urban art circles; indeed it makes plain that its raison d'etre is to offer art initiates an opportunity to exhibit. In the '80s and '90s, it strove to become a multi-arts facility with a reference library, a (now defunct) lending library of original works of art, art appreciation and criticism courses and a sales room for art publications and prints. There were also plans back then to install a graphic studio and a ceramic kiln to help freelance artists. While one doesn't know what came of those plans, new designs are being drawn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708093", "title": "Guys glam up before Navratri", "text": "With Navratri around the corner, men are indulging themselves with beauty and spa treatments.With Navratri just a few days away, grooming has become an all consuming affair. Interestingly, it's not limited to women only. New-age men are willing to put their best face forward by having their share of beauty treatments like waxing, body polishing, pedicure, and manicure. As the festive mood envelops the air, salons and spas are finding it difficult to deal with increasing number of male visitors. Avni Saraf, a spa owner from Surat feels that with changing times, looking good is no longer just a woman's prerogative. \"Men have really become aware of their looks and are now consciously indulging in beauty treatments and spa services. Navratri is a time when even men want to look good. Head and body massages, body exfoliation and pedicures are quite the rage.\" There are a range of products and services available for men in various spas and salons, Riyaz Afzal Siddiqui who runs a salon says, \"Men are often more conscious about their looks compared to some women. Men mostly come for styling, highlights or coloring.\" Flaunting a cool hairstyle has become the 'in' thing now. \"Men come for weekly haircuts before Navratri and opt for hair gels and hair wax to style their hair during the nine nights,\" he adds. It's not surprising when special face packs, clean-up sessions and exfoliation treatments for men are available in salons to get that festive glow. Manisha Atulkar, a cosmetologist says, \"Men mostly avail of facials, body massages, skin treatments and hair care facilities.\" So what is it that makes these men tread the 'beauty' path? Raghav Sethi, a businessman says, \"It's a basic need to look and feel good now. Going to parlors for waxing, facials and massage is common now and it makes one feel clean, and relaxes the body and mind.\" It's not just a woman's domain to look good anymore. Men are equally enthusiastic about looking good. Abhishek Vazarani, an MBA student says, \"If a woman can look good, why can't men? And for that, it's perfectly natural for them to go to salons/spas. Navratri is a time when people want to look good and make an impression. So the gender is not important here.\" How much one spends for these beauty treatments? Lee Singh, owner of a famous unisex salon says, \"Men generally spend between 2000 and 4000 per sitting. With Navratri round the corner, we have men who come twice or thrice a month for facials, pedicures or hair spas that start from anything between 1500 and 2000 per sitting.\" shivangani.dhawan@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706238", "title": "Burglars gang busted, 3 nabbed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a joint operation, sleuths of Special Operations Group (SOG) and Georgetown police, on Saturday, busted an inter-district gang of burglars and arrested three including an adolescent and recovered one 0.32 bore stolen licence pistol along with two live cartridges, one magazine, jewellery, 32 silver coins, two golden chains, ear rings and other articles from their possession.The arrested persons were identified as Virendra alias Viru Rawat of Allahapur, Rajkumar Rawat of Georgetown and Abhishek alias Shubham, a resident of Lowther road.Station officer, Georgetown, Shambunath Tiwari told TOI that the arrest of the burglars was made near Colonelganj inter college when they were planning to distribute the booty.He further added the burglars had stolen the license pistol from the house of a retired inspector and were planning to sell of stolen pistol on nominal rates.SO also informed that mother of Viru was working as maid servant at the house of retired inspector and Viru was frequent to house. During visits, he had viewed the precious items kept inside the house and hatched the conspiracy to steal pistol, jewellery etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16705637", "title": "2 breakdowns break down NH 17 traffic for nearly 4 hrs", "text": "VASCO: Goa learned first hand just what happens when the chief North-South connect of NH 17 via the Zuari bridge shut down on Saturday evening.Traffic came to a grinding halt from 4.30pm to almost 8pm after a truck and a bus broke down within minutes of each other between Cortalim circle and Zuari bridge. The traffic queues were over 4km long in three different directions-Cortalim-Kesarval, Cortalim-Sancoale and Cortalim-Pilar.The last queue probably saw people miss their trains and flights, the latter especially, as this is the main route to get to the Dabolim airport from North Goa. Some among the hundreds caught in the jam said ambulances were also stuck in the queues, and office goers told STOI that they had a nightmare reaching home or to work.\"A truck broke down first and then a big KTC bus also failed,\" Sudesh Narvekar, PI (Traffic), Vasco told STOI. The loaded truck was travelling from Sancoale. As the traffic police tried to get the truck off the road and about 20 minutes into the breakdown, a KTC bus, also travelling from Vasco, broke down in between the Cortalim circle and Zuari bridge. Given that this is a narrow two-laner leading up to the Zuari bridge, the already gathering traffic had little option but to stay put.Queues were seen in South Goa from Kesarval garden near the Verna industrial estate and Sancoale near Vasco. The northern district saw the jam up to Pilar.The truck was finally removed by the traffic police's crane, while the KTC bus was pulled to the side of the road and was being repaired by Kadamba transport mechanice.Police teams from Verna and Agassaim helped to divert the traffic, but it still took commuters a minimum of an hour to cover a less than 4km dis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706092", "title": "Intricacies of Constitution discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A galaxy of eminent speakers from various universities of the country deliberated on the intricacies of the Constitution at a lecture-cum-panel discussion at the department of Political Science of Allahabad University, on Saturday.The theme of the discussion was Constitution of India: suggestions for reforms.Coordinator of UGC-SAP Prof M P Dube informed Prof R L M Patil, Member, Karnataka Higher Education Council, and former chairman, department of Political Science, Bangalore University said at the meet that 250 Articles out of 315 Articles in 1950 Indian Constitution were taken from the 1935 Constitution. Prof Patil remarked we should now deviate from the British-influenced system. He also suggested defining some components of the Constitution like power of 'President of India', rights of 'Parliament of India', meaning of the term 'Hindu'; power of 'State' and so on. Prof Patil also advocated reform of Rajya Sabha by reconstructing the composition and powers of Rajya Sabha.Prof M T Desai former head department of Political Science Gujarat University supported empowerment of 'President of India' in coalition politics. Prof Desai admitted the stance of a prime minister was subject to more factors than Constitution. Prof Desai also suggested a detailed discussion for every minor or major amendment or reform in the Constitutional articles at the time of drafting it.Dr Leela Ram Gurjar of Vardhman Mahaveer Open University, Kota Rajasthan laid thrust on the constitutional provisions for minority and reservation. Prof Gurjar lamented that many downtrodden groups are not getting facilities of reservation even in extreme cases. Criticising permanent scheduling of certain castes or tribes for reservation, Prof Gurjar suggested we should identify certain indicators to judge whether a person or family should get reservation or not.The programme was conducted by Dr Kamlesh Gupta (RA) while Nandini Basistha, (SRF) presented the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704466", "title": "Axing trees is our way of hosting global biodiversity meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: G Anantha Ramu could be the chairman and managing director of Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) but lessons in green at the ongoing biodiversity convention could come in handy for him, much like they would even for chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy. While the CM affixed his stamp of approval for the felling of 200 trees on the Hitex-HICC stretch last month, CPDCL has gone a step ahead. It chopped off 40 healthy trees in a gated community located on the same stretch last week, without even seeking permission to do so on the pretext of giving uninterrupted power supply to the CoP-11 venue. Anantha Ramu, however, cornered by STOI over axing of trees, tried to argue that \"public safety cannot wait for permissions\".But scores of residents and workers at Aparna Orchids gated community are crying foul over the axing of trees, which were between 10 and 15 years old, last Wednesday when a platoon of around 12 CPDCL officials overwhelmed the landscaping supervisor of the complex, Anil Kumar, and indiscriminately felled trees. According to Anil Kumar, the officials told him that they would only be pruning branches so that they wouldn't cause interruptions by touching the 33 KV high tension lines running very close to the community boundary wall but chopped of the trunks. No amount of protests could stop the officials. \"They came at a time when all residents were at work. There wasn't much I could do. It was only when the residents came back the gravity of the problem was understood,\" he said.The ground staff at CPDCL has this explanation to offer: on October 2, a tree branch fell on a power line due to heavy rain and strong winds because of which there was power disruption at the CoP-11 venue. The trees in the gated community were touching the high tension cables running from Madhapur 132/33 KV and Jubilee Hills 132/33 KV substations to the venue which is why they were cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706347", "title": "JE immunisation drive from December 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health department would launch a dedicated Japanese Encephalitis vaccination campaign from December 1. In the month-long campaign, children in the 1.5-15 years age group will be given anti-JE shots. The programme would be launched in all districts coming under Gorakhpur, Devipatan, Basti and Lucknow divisions.Orders to this effect were issued by nodal officer, vector-borne diseases control programme late on Friday night. Officials also informed that routine immunisation would be addressed adequately in the encephalitis hit districts. \"The CMOs have been told to supervise and monitor both RI and JE vaccination,\" said an officer.The state government has also directed panchyati raj and rural development departments to launch special cleanliness and safe drinking water campaigns in the affected area from April to check acute encephalitis syndrome deaths more than half of which are caused by strains of entero virus. The virus comes in the air or water through open defecation and circulates mainly through shallow hand pumps in the area. The disease season starts in August with monsoons and ends at the onset of winters in late October or early November.After a field visit, the NCPCR felt that whatever steps the UP government had taken, are nothing more than claims. \"Their plans have not moved an inch in the field. The commission feels that the approach has been quite casual on the count and is solely responsible for the death of the children,\" said member Yogesh Dube who has been keeping a track of encephalitis. The commission would now review the progress on encephalitis on a quarterly basis.Nearly 400 children succumbed to encephalitis this year, while close to 240 are undergoing treatment in various hospitals, said health officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705947", "title": "Inquiry ordered into lion scare", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief wildlife warden J D Sharma on Saturday ordered an enquiry into the incident of a person jumping into lion's enclosure at Nandankanan zoo on Friday.\"I have ordered an inquiry to find out how a man could jump into the lion's enclosure. Is there any security lapse and what could be done to prevent such incident,\" said Sharma to the media.He said the state government will also request the Central Zoo Authority of India to strengthen the security and install any device that can raise an alarm during such untoward incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705897", "title": "Information commission crippled as appeals mount", "text": "PANAJI: The pendency of appeals and complaints before the state information commission has increased to around 1,000 but there seems no end in sight to the vacancies of the two top posts of the commission. Sources in the information commission admitted that the logjam is hindering information-seeking citizens.Former chief information commissioner Motilal Keny retired at the end of July and the post has been lying vacant since. The post of information commissioner, after being half-heartedly filled by former medical doctor Pradeep Paudwal from early August, also fell vacant after he resigned after about a month, following a Supreme Court order mandating the appointment of a judicial member and an expert to hear RTI-related cases.The director of information, Swapnil Naik, who is the link officer to the information commission with the government, told TOI that he has already moved the file for the appointments of the chief information commissioner and the information commissioner and that the government has forwarded the file to the advocate general for advice.Since the Supreme Court judgment, there are new guidelines for filling the posts in the information commission. But official sources said that the state government has filed a review application before the SC urging it to review its order. Also, there is no firm decision by the government on the resignation of Paudwal yet. Sources hinted that the government is probably awaiting the SC's decision on its review application to decide on the matter. Sources also said that the matter could take at least one month.There were about 24 applications for the post of chief information commissioner but following the SC judgment and the changed guidelines, the posts have to be re-advertised. When asked when this would be done, Naik said it would be done \"as soon as possible\". He also remarked that the SC judgment is 102-pages-long and that the file for appointing the two posts has been sent for legal advice.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the government has decided that the same committee that is considering the appointment of the Goa Lokayukta will also look into the appointment of the post of state chief information commissioner. The government seems caught in a bind because the filling of just one post will not do. This is because the SC has mandated that the information commission has to now have sittings as a bench and not individually as done before.TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704492", "title": "Blind train performers get a new platform", "text": "MUMBAI: On three occasions last month, Vilas Lone did not leave a song incomplete. What's more, he didn't change the tune of the qawwalis he sang or end his bhajans abruptly\u2014his usual strategies to avoid requests for an encore. Perhaps this had to do with the fact that his audience wasn't a compartmentful of uninterested commuters or the satisfying knowledge that a generous payment was assured. But mostly, it was the result of pride\u2014these were the few times in his life that the word 'platform' had taken on another meaning altogether.For Lone and the group of seven musicians, who performed thrice at Ganpati mandals in Malad last month, the railway station was earlier their only stage. Unacquainted with one another and scattered on different suburban railway platforms, these visually challenged men and women would sing or play the instruments they were taught in music school. Until last year when a social worker called Hemlata Tiwari entered their lives.Tiwari, whose mission was to rescue their talent from drowning in the cacophony of the railway station, had actually had her eureka moment three years earlier. \"I was on my way to a show when I saw a couple of blind supplicants playing the harmonium and I asked myself whether this talent too did not deserve a proper stage,\" she says. That's how the idea of 'Swaradhar', her pilot project to bring together wandering minstrels who sang for a meagre living, came about.Tiwari, who was clear that she didn't want to do \"something great financially\" but just introduce the visually challenged musicians' talent to the world, first approached Ananth, the man she had often spotted at Andheri Station playing Hindi and Marathi songs on his flute. After enlisting him and Irshad Shaikh, whom she also found playing the flute at Dadar Station, she heard from a friend about some visually challenged persons in Dombivli and Wangni, who too sold their talent for small change.Among these were dholak player Chetan Patil, keyboard player Kishore Ghadling and singer Vilas Lone who all have the 'Visharad' degree\u2014an extensive music course comprising seven levels. Tiwari was surprised to learn that most of them were educated up to HSC level and that Chetan Patil, in fact, worked with a private electrical firm till one day he was asked not to come to work. \"I had no option but to sell cutlery at stations,\" says Patil, who recalls being beaten up by a constable in the Srinagar Express he boarded once as a hawker. \"Although I knew that what I was doing was illegal, it was the worst experience of my life,\" adds Patil, who has sometimes played in the orchestras of local bars.Initially, Tiwari's idea was met by the blind musicians with reluctance, apprehension and appeals not to meddle in their business. \"They had had some very bitter experiences with NGOs who promised a lot but did little so I had to create an emotional bond with them,\" says Tiwari. Folk singer Vijaya Mestry, who is one of the orchestra members, however, did not need convincing. Mestry happened to overhear Tiwari discussing her plans for an orchestra with a friend at Wangni Station and decided to use that as a cue to change her fate as an unemployed, on-and-off theatre singer back in her village.The social worker then enlisted the help of seasoned musician Dattatray Mestry to train the eight musicians to perform in harmony. \"Every time they get together, they are like school kids,\" she laughs. Although the training helped, it meant certain adjustments. They could not take liberties and had to perform entire songs in what Chetan Patil calls a \"cut-to-cut\" manner\u2014in other words, from beginning to end without shortcuts.The adjustment seems to have been worth it. At the Ganpati mandal in Malad, the eight earned not only an unprecedented Rs 11,000 but also a decent amount of curiosity from the audience. \"We have another show coming up on World Blind Day, on October 15,\" says Tiwari, who hopes the railway musicians' new platform remains their permanent one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705060", "title": "Last court date in state for Sohrabuddin case accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former minister Amit Shah appeared before the special CBI court at Mirzapur on Saturday. It was his first appearance and will also be the last, as far as a Gujarat court is concerned, since the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case has now been transferred to Mumbai.Shah got to court much before time and left immediately after marking his presence. With Shah, all seven accused persons who are out on bail, appeared before additional chief judicial magistrate H S Khutwad, who made it clear that he was recording the appearances for the last time.According to the Supreme Court's instructions, the registrar general of Gujarat high court will collect case papers from this court and send them to Mumbai. The Mumbai high court may designate a court for trial, or these 19 accused persons including five IPS officers may be tried in a regular CBI court at Kalaghoda, in Fort area.Shah marked his presence with Ajay Patel, Yashpal Chudasama, Raju Jirawala, V A Rathod, Santram Sharma and Ajay Parmar. After this, suspended IPS Abhay Chudasama marked his presence.Later, accused cops from Sabarmati central jail were produced. The accused policemen from Rajasthan were not produced because they were taken to Rajasthan for judicial proceedings.When Shah was arrested in July 2010 and lodged in Sabarmati jail, he always avoided public appearances as a prisoner.He requested the CBI court then to record his presence through video-conferencing. Shah did not have to come to court since his release on bail; the SC prohibited his entry in Gujarat.This encounter case is being shifted to Mumbai, but Shah and suspended cops D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Dinesh MN and Abdul Rehman may have to come to this court campus regularly because they have been implicated in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16706282", "title": "Nepal police detains Indian citizens", "text": "BAHRAICH: Nepali Maoist protests against the products manufactured have also started doing anti-Indian activities as well. So far it was being done by the Nepali naxalite organizations but now this feeling has come up in the minds of Nepali police as well. The Nepali police inspired by Nepali maoists detained Indian citizens for hours at the Nepal police chowki on the Indo-Nepal border and they were released on the warning of not to come to Nepal again. When the Indian citizens narrated the incident, it was highly protested as a result on the second day the Indian citizens too did not allow the Nepalese to enter the Indian territory for doing their day to day purchase.The people on the border showed their anger of detaining the Indian citizens on the second day as well. The villagers did not allow Nepalese to enter the Indian border on Tuesday as well. The Commandant of 6th battalion of Sahashtra Seema Bal (SSB) somehow pacified the villagers and talked to the Nepal police also.Eventually the movement of the Nepali and Indian citizens started on Wednesday. The movement of Indian and Nepali citizens takes place quite frequently.The villagers of Amba, Berdia, Bhawaniapur and Fakirpuri village adjoining the Katarniaghat reserved forest area were entering the Nepal border but they all were detailed by the Nepali police at Rajapur police chowki. The villagers stated that they were made to sit at the chowki and later they all were released. The Indian citizens of the border area got agitated following the incident and stopped the Nepali citizens to enter India at railway crossing no 96 on Nepal-Bichhiya road on Monday. SSB commandant intervened and somehow pacified villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16710096", "title": "Robert Vadra has not replied to questions we have raised: Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal today claimed Robert Vadra has not answered questions on his links with DLF and described the clarifications of the realty major as \"half truths and lies\".Reacting to Vadra's remarks that he and Prashant Bhushan were maligning him and his family to \"gain cheap publicity\", Kejriwal said, \"Robert Vadra has questioned our motives that is not important. He has not replied to the questions that we have raised.\"Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi , dismissed as \"utterly false, entirely baseless and defamatory\" the allegations over his property dealings with DLF and that Congress governments favoured the company after it provided him benefits.DLF, on its part, yesterday rejected the allegations that it had given unsecured loans to Vadra as a 'quid pro quo' for favours and said it had transparent dealing with him as an individual entrepreneur.\"DLF has issued a response. It is full of half truths and lies. A lot of information has been suppressed. But does Vadra stand by DLF response or does he have another version? I would appreciate his version,\" Kejriwal said.He said he will not be able to respond to the specific issues in DLF's response today as his team is working on it.\"I had gone through the DLF response curiously. It is clear that there are a lot of information that they have suppressed...It will not be correct for me to respond now. We will issue a detailed response tomorrow.\"I just want to know if Robert Vadra has the same response or if he has a different version. He did not respond to any of the specific issues we have raised,\" Kejriwal said.In a statement yesterday, DLF had said it had given Rs 65 crore as \"business advances\" out of which Rs 15 crore was fully refunded and Rs 50 crore was used for purchase of land.Rejecting the allegations made by Kejriwal and Bhushan that the company favoured Vadra, DLF had said it neither received any undue benefit from any state governments nor was it allotted any land by Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705611", "title": "NCC cadets donate blood", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly 50 NCC cadets and staff from IIT-Kanpur donated blood at a camp organised for the purpose by 2 UP Composite Technical Regiment (CTR) NCC in collaboration with GSVM Medical college on Saturday. The camp was inaugurated by Colonel Rajat Baijal, Commanding Officer 2 UP Composite Technical Regiment (CTR).A medical team from GSVM medical college had set up facilities for blood collection, storage and necessary medical assistance at the camp. Dr KC Goel from IIT-Kanpur's Health Centre conducted a lecture on the benefits of blood donation for the cadets.Dr AK Ghosh, dean of student affairs, IIT-Kanpur was also present on the occasion who lauded the gesture of the cadets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706045", "title": "Raid on SDO's premises unearths property worth Rs 10 crore", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta police on Saturday raided three premises of the state's Public Works Department (PWD) in-charge sub-divisional officer (SDO) and unearthed property and valuable of more than Rs 10 crore amassed by him in eastern parts of the state, sources said.More than three teams, including personnel of Lokayukta police and district law enforcing agencies swooped into the places of Majholi (Sidhi district) SDO Sudhir Kumar Shukla and unearthed huge wealth, including 60 tola of gold, 3 kg silver and documents of property, including 15 acres agriculture land owned by him in Rewa and Satna district.\"Apart from his official residence at Sidhi, we raided his house in Rewa and Satna,\" an official said. \"The sleuths have also recovered an Italian rifle from his place,\" he added. Shukla had joined PWD two decade ago and his income from salary and perks stood at around Rs 25 lakh, he said.The SDO has been booked under relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705438", "title": "Sonia Gandhi's Rajkot vs Narendra Modi's Pavagadh", "text": "VADODARA: Will chief minister Narendra Modi's rally in Pavagadh be a reply to Sonia Gandhi's rally in Rajkot? After a war of words, it seems that a war of numbers is on the card with BJP trying to ensure that Pavagadh number match up to and even surpass those in Rajkot.Modi is scheduled to end his Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra in Pavagadh on Thursday. So far in the yatra, crowds were largely mobilized from the area where Modi was scheduled to address gatherings. But Pavagadh is going to be a major exception with people from at least four districts and Vadodara city being mobilized for the event.BJP leaders in the region are working overtime to ensure that the numbers are in place. Targets have been given to each district, taluka or ward unit of the party to ensure that large number of people turn up for the speech at the foothills of Pavagadh. If people from across Saurashtra were brought to Rajkot by the Congress, the BJP is mobilizing people from across central Gujarat.Since Friday, a series of meetings is being held by senior party leaders in Dahod, Panchmahal and Vadodara to coordinate efforts for the event. Sources said national BJP leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states have been invited for the event.Panchmahal district BJP president Jayprakash Patel said the programme was being planned in a grand way as it was a culmination of the yatra. \"There is no issue of competing with anybody or showing anybody down. It is true that the party has invited some national leaders and we are awaiting their confirmations,\" Patel said.Besides Gandhi's Rajkot rally, the organizers will also have at the back of their mind the rally addressed by Gandhi at Halol that is very nearby. A large crowd was mobilized by the Congress for the rally that was held in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709649", "title": "Bhoot Returns child terrified of herself", "text": "Alayna Sharma, who plays the possessed child in Bhoot Returns, is so terrified of her own performance in the film that her mother believes she would be affected forever.Vinita Sharma, mother of the child artist Alayna Sharma who stars as the possessed child in Ram Gopal Varma's Bhoot Returns has planned to file a case against the filmmaker. The mother says that her child was very scared after watching herself in a special screening of Bhoot Returns that was held recently.When asked about the same RGV reacts, \"Yes, at a screening held recently where I was not present Alayna along with her parents happened to see the film and apparently she was so terrified of herself in the film that she started palpitating. I am told her mother was very visibly upset with the way Alayna was behaving and was worried that it will affect Alayna forever. Beyond this am not aware of what else is happening and her mother refused to come on line when I tried to talk\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706324", "title": "No night life, no safe day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the June 24-night incident in which four motorcycle riders shot at an ice cream-vendor near the DRM office in Hazratganj, former district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey had ordered closure of all shops by 10.30 pm. Gradually the deadline was relaxed till 11 pm for betel shops and 11.30 pm for food joints. The directive is being followed at most of the places in the state capital.Keeping in mind assembly of rowdy elements at several such places, besides shortage of police force and lack of proper budgets at police stations, the order looked fair enough. But, instead of curbing incidents of crime, it put the brakes on the city's night life, which already was restricted to tea stalls and ice cream vendors attracting a good crowd. Families used to throng ice cream-vendors especially in Hazratganj area.The order made no difference to the crime graph. The city hasn't witnessed any fall in number of incidents of crime be it during the night or day.The order in fact is a contrast to what a DGP had stated a few years ago while talking to mediaperons, that the sight of families, including girls, on the streets even on two-wheelers till late in the night without any fear of criminals was a proof of improved law and order situation.In the present day, citizens are not safe with their cash, valuables or female family members in either night or day. Cases in point being Saturday's twin- robbery in broad daylight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16706006", "title": "Kids rally in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city on Saturday witnessed a unique rally in which children dressed as wild animals spread the message of protection of animals. It was organized by students of DAV Public School on the occasion of Wildlife Week . Starting from the school, the students moved around the city and staged plays at Damana Square, Nalco Square, Sainik School Square, Acharya Vihar Square, Regional College Square, Rupali Square, Ram Mandir, Master Canteen, Raj Mahal, Capital Hospital, Gopabandhu Chhak and Jayadev Vihar squares . Seventy students took part in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708926", "title": "Bigg Boss 6 participants revealed", "text": "Fifteen participants will be locked up for the sixth time to squabble, plot and survive for three months inside the Bigg Boss house on Sunday. TOI can now reveal the names of the 15 who will slug it out in a 15,000 sq ft Bigg Boss house. The spoiler is that the fifteenth celebrity to enter the house will be a 'common man', who will be introduced by Rani Mukherjee as Bigg Boss 6 begins today.The list includes Cricketer turned-politician Navjot Singh Siddhu, popular television vamp Urvashi Dholakia leader of a fiercely feminist group of women vigilantes Sampat Devi Pal, and cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, who was recently arrested on sedition charges for his cartoons. Also sharing the same roof will be actor Delnaz Paul and her exhusband Rajeev Paul.The complete Bigg Boss 6 list includesNavjot Singh Siddhu (cricketer-turned-politician), Sana Khan (modelturned-South films actor) Brijesh Hirji (Gujarati theatre artist known for his comic roles in Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein and Golmaal Returns ) Sampat Pal (leader of Gulaab Gang - an Uttar Pradesh-based group of women vigilantes) Urvashi Dholakia (popular for negative roles on TV) Aashka Goradia (TV actor), Dinesh Yadav (Bhojpuri superstar) Sapna Bhavnani (celebrity hair stylist) Delnaz Paul (TV actress) Rajeev Paul (TV actor and Delnaz's ex-husband) Aseem Trivedi (political cartoonist and activist) Sayantani Ghosh (actor) Models Niketan Madhok and Karishma Kotak.The final participant will be a non-celebrity. His/her identity yet to be revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710729", "title": "I'm happy with Trivandrum Lodge: VK Prakash", "text": "V K Prakash, director of Trivandrum Lodge is unperturbed by the criticism directed against the film. It has been praised for being honest, but has also been accused of being not fit for a family audience, with too many sexual references.\"I have nothing to complain about, the film is running to packed houses and I've been getting good responses from everywhere,\" says the director. \"We had specified in the promos that the film will be about love, lust and longing, but somehow only the lust part got talked about once it released.\" There is no rule that every film made should be for a family audience, he points out. \"Every film I make won't be of the same genre.\"Trivandrum Lodge is about a group of men who live in a lodge, where they are joined by a divorced woman. The film explores the different views about love and sexuality of the men as well as the woman, who wishes to make use of her new found freedom to write and sleep with any man she likes. At the same time, there is the widower played by Anoop Menon who prefers to live in the memory of his dead wife, in order to preserve his love for her, instead of seeking another woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16704889", "title": "Mangalore police bust major hawala racket, nab 27", "text": "MANGALORE: The city crime branch sleuths of Mangalore City Police busted a major nationwide hawala racket arresting 27 persons on Saturday. The police recovered Rs 78.69 lakh during the daylong raid. The raid, on a house at Kodialguthu IInd cross, was carried out under direct supervision of city police chief Manish Kharbikar and continued from 4am till 6.30pm.CCB sleuths kept a watch on the house for one week before moving in early in the day. They first intercepted a person who had come from Hubli with Rs 25 lakh in cash and later another one with Rs 20 lakh. Such was the level of secrecy maintained that the sleuths were able to nab 25 persons before media got wind of the same and started flashing it. The last accused, unaware of these developments, was caught at 6.30pm.Kharbikar said police had information about 'something fishy' going on in the house. The operations in the house, rented by Suresh from Gujarat, were going on for the past year with average daily hawala transactions running up to Rs 1 crore. Apart from the cash, the sleuths also seized 17 motorcycles, 28 cell phones, more than 100 pages of coded transactions in Gujarati and two 'hawala' jackets.The accused, hailing from different parts of India, transacted with Suresh, who was the pointsman for Patel Ashish Kumar Kantilal and Company, Ahmedabad, a Gujarat-based company which operated on a nationwide scale with 'branches' in Mysore and Bangalore as well. The entire operation was carried out over mobile phones, based purely on trust, Kharbikar said. The transactions in the operation were 'coded' and will have to be translated, he added.Observing that as per preliminary investigation no foreign angle has emerged in the hawala transactions, Kharbikar said efforts are on to ascertain if the money was being used for antinational activities. The hawala jackets with 20 pockets could each carry Rs 3 lakh in cash and were used by the accused to transport the money, he said. A case has been registered under sections 41D read with 102 of CrPC in Barke police station, Kharbikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704915", "title": "Chidambaram meets RBI, Sebi officials", "text": "MUMBAI: Finance minister P Chidambaram on Saturday held a meeting with Reserve Bank officials, including governor D Subbarao, as part of a series of engagements planned for the day with the central bank, market regular Sebi and foreign investors to revive the economy.The Finance minister was accompanied by economic affairs secretary Arvind Mayaram, banking secretary DK Mittal and joint secretary Anup Wadhwan, who is in charge of capital markets at North Block.Chidambaram is visiting the financial capital for the first time after taking over as finance minister on August 1 and it comes ahead of Central Bank's half-yearly credit policy review on October 30. The meetings come on the heels of a raft of reforms in the past three weeks which included changes in FDI policy in sectors like retail, aviation, insurance , and pension , apart from setting up the Parthasarathi Shome panel to review the Gaar provisions.After the meeting with RBI, he drove to the Sebi Bhawan where he will chair a meeting of its board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705995", "title": "State mulls over bus fare hike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Saturday began examining private bus owners' demand to hike fares in view of the latest increase in diesel prices. Secretary, commerce and transport, G Mathivathanan, said the technical committee, headed by transport commissioner S Kumar, on bus fares has submitted its report to the state government. \"It is under active consideration of the government,\" he said, even as the private bus owners threatened to go on strike from October 14 if the government does not accede to their demand.\"We shall have no option but to go on ceasework from October 14 unless the government raises the bus fares,\" said general secretary, All Odisha Private Bus Owners' Association, Debendra Sahoo.Demanding an average increase of 10.81% in bus fares, Sahoo said 2,000 buses owned by small time operators are already off the roads due to mounting losses fuelled by the nearly Rs 6 per litre rise in diesel prices (including taxes) since mid-September. \"The association members jointly own about 12,000 buses. While 2,000 buses have stopped plying on the roads awaiting increase in bus fares, the rest will be forced to go off the roads as there has been an increase in prices of most factors, not only diesel, determining bus fares,\" Sahoo said. There are 13 parameters such as battery, insurance , mobile, taxes and et al, he added.Earlier in the day, the nine-member technical committee, comprising representatives from the state government, Odisha State Road Transport Corporation and bus owners, met at the transport commissioner's office in Cuttack. Sources said the bus owners's representatives suggested that the state government reduce taxes on diesel so that the price of the fuel could go down, but government officers reportedly ruled it out.The government had last increased bus fares on July 18, 2011. It now stands at 50 paise per km (general category), 53 paise per km (express), 70 paise per km (de luxe) and 85 paise per km (air-conditioned de luxe).Sources said the ruling BJD is wary of going for a hike in bus fares keeping in mind the possible political repercussions. But bus owners are insistent, noting that the government within a couple of days of diesel price rise enhanced the fares of buses being plied in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack by a private company under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704172", "title": "User fee: Airports not aware of exemptions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three months after IGI airport started levying airport development fees and user development fees on passengers, the directorate general of civil aviation issued a list of passengers exempted from paying such charges. However, the order dated August 31, which is available on DGCA's website, is yet to reach airports, which are levying these charges.The notification was issued on the basis of a ministry of civil aviation's letter dated June 25, 2012.The list of exempt passengers includes children under the age of two years, holders of diplomatic passports, airlines' crew on duty. It, however, would not include ground personnel, passengers travelling on official duty on aircraft that are operated by the Indian Armed Forces, people travelling on United Nations Peace Keeping missions, transit passengers defined as those who are \"treated in transit only if onward travel journey is within 24 hours from arrival into airport and is part of the same ticket\" and those passengers who depart from IGI airport due to involuntary re-routing, which includes technical problems in aircraft or weather conditions.Sources in the airport said they had received no such notice from DGCA till now. \"Since we were not aware of the notification, and as it was issued three months after UDF was implemented, the fees is still being collected on our behalf by airlines and ticketing agencies. However, we are yet to receive the amount from them. As soon as DGCA officially confirms this to us, we will suspend charges for the exempt categories,\" said an airport source.Officials said the airport development fees was not being charged for all exempted categories and user development fees was being levied only on infants and holders of diplomatic passports of the seven categories mentioned in the list.At Delhi, UDF for an international departing passenger travelling over 5,000 kilometers is Rs 1,068 and Rs 881.10 for an incoming passenger. For those travelling between 2,000km and 5,000km, UDF is Rs 845.50 for departing passengers, while incoming passengers have to pay Rs 699.17.In the domestic category, a passenger flying up to 500km has to pay Rs 231.4, while those arriving have to pay Rs 195.8. Passengers flying more than 500km have to pay Rs 462.8, and incoming passengers have to pay Rs 391.6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706402", "title": "Government cancels holiday on Kanshi Ram death anniversity", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government on Saturday cancelled the public holiday on the death anniversary of Bahujan Samaj Party founder Kanshi Ram on October 9.The government order was issued on Saturday evening announcing the cancellation. The government sources said that all district magistrates had been sent the circulars to this effect.The Mayawati government had announced October 9 as the public holiday after coming to the power in May 2007. Kanshi Ram passed away in 2006. The notification for this year's holiday had been issued even before the Samajwadi Party assumed power in March 2012. Sources said that it would have been a peculiar situation for the SP government as Kanshi Ram was essentially the founder of a political party headed by arch-rival Mayawati.The holiday was covered under the Negotiable Instrument Act 1881 where by even the banks would have remained closed. Now, not only the state government offices but also the banks will remain open on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16705840", "title": "Modelling is in vogue, and college students are loving it", "text": "MYSORE: More and more youths are opting for a career in fashion and modelling in the Heritage City, even as it finds itself deep-rooted in tradition and culture.Gen-X is making an entry into the fashion world, and majority of them are degree, engineering and medical students. The trend indicates how modelling industry is picking up in Mysore. The city has only one modeling school, which is a part of Needle Works Boutique.\"Mysore has charming lads who are best suited for modeling and fashion industry. Nowadays, parents are encouraging them get into the industry,\" says Jayanthi Ballal of Needle Works. Being a fashion designer, she has so far conducted five fashion shows which were well received by the people of Mysore.When asked how fashion industry is being accepted by parents and other stakeholders, Jayanthi said: \"Parents want their children trained in fashion. One can see them dropping their children to training classes. The city is also getting away with the perception that the industry is 'something vulgar'.\"Over 100 applications were received when the modeling school invited applications, but only 26 of them got selected. Most of the trainees are studying in JSS Medical College, National Institute of Engineering, Vidya Vardhaka Engineering College, Vidyashrama, Mahajana and Philomena's colleges.Classes are conducted in evening during weekdays, while special training is given on weekends. Students are trained by supermodels of fashion industry in ramp walk, postures and personal grooming. They are also exposed to the field though various fashion shows conducted in the city.\"Sarees, salwars, ghagra-cholis and formal dresses are the preferred attires at fashion shows,\" Jayanthi said, adding that western and party wear are yet to be accepted by Mysoreans. Models also prefer to wear traditional and formal dresses.One of the aspirants, Aishwarya B Rai, II BCom student of Vidyashrama college, said: \"Though I come from a traditional and conservative Bunt family, my parents have a positive attitude towards the fashion industry. I want to make a mark as a model. Otherwise, I want to become an IAS officer.\"Engineering graduate Susheel Kumar M said that he is confident of making it big in the fashion industry after participating in fashion shows twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705112", "title": "From boardroom to garba classes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Corporate house employees are on a festive high. Firms are packing off their staff to garba sessions after work hours to hone their dancing skills before the big day.While some companies have hired choreographers for teaching basic and advanced steps to their employees, others have ensured that their staff joins classes a fortnight before the revelry begins.For instance, Vodafone Gujarat has engaged a professional choreographer to train its employees a few steps of garba in a known environment before stepping out. \"We organize garba for our customers and employees across all our branch offices in Gujarat. We engage professionals to teach garba to them during work hours,\" says Brajesh Bajpai, business head-Gujarat, Vodafone India.Practice sessions and the event that follows creates an all round atmosphere of engagement. \"People of Gujarat love this festival. We have many non-Gujaratis as well in our organization,\" says Bajpai.Cadila Pharmaceuticals has gone a step ahead by hiring a choreographer from the Gujarati film industry to train its staff in new dance techniques. \"A garba and dandiya raas competition is organized at all our branches. Employees, including senior officials, join in the celebration with their family members. Prizes are also awarded to the best dressed and the best dancers,\" says a company official.Cadila also organizes a separate garba competition for the kids of its employees at the corporate campus. They are imparted dance training by veterans of previous garba events to prepare them for the contest. Though Airtel may not be sponsoring public events this Navratri, it has grand plans for its employees. Anant Arora, chief executive officer, Bharti Airtel, Gujarat, says, \"Navratri is one of the key festivals of Gujarat which is celebrated with a lot of fanfare by Airtel. We have our own in-house talents who choreograph the entire show and also teach employees new garba steps. The festivities including the garba sessions are held after office hours, ensuring participation from the family members of the employee.\"Depending on the training sessions, choreographers charge anything between Rs 1,000 and Rs 3,000 per session. Ankit Panchal, who has taught many managers sway to garba tunes, says, \"There is a lot of interest among non-Gujaratis to learn advanced garba steps. While earlier, employees used to request for basic steps, now the trend is to learn innovative steps using props like matkas, diyas and chairs.\"And the bosses are not complaining while their staff has fun at work. \"It's a great concept that helps employees break away from the monotony at work and makes the atmosphere stress free. It also energizes employees and increases engagement and team work,\" explains Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16705101", "title": "Krishna appeals to Prime Minister", "text": "BANGALORE: External affairs minister S M Krishna has urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to explore the possibility of stopping further release of Cauvery water from Karnataka to Tamil Nadu and also seek an interim report from the team of experts currently visiting the Cauvery basins in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.In a letter to the PM on Saturday, Krishna, who is out of the country said: \"The situation in Karnataka is grim with not only farmers of the Cauvery irrigated areas being worried about the fast depleting levels in the dams, but also Bangalore citizens who fear shortage of drinking water.\" While the monsoon in Karnataka is practically over, Tamil Nadu is better placed with the northeast monsoon setting in, he added.Krishna said the situation warranted Singh's immediate attention, if it has to be prevented from worsening. \"I understand the team of experts studying the situation will submit its report by October 20. The entire state is waiting for relief immediately, as otherwise it would spell disaster to the people in Karnataka's Cauvery basin,'' he maintained.Filed by Naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705682", "title": "Irfan's desperate plight moves Carmel students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As many as 60 students of Carmel Girls Higher Secondary School in city visited Irfan, the only survivor of the Karikkakom school van tragedy, on Saturday and handed over the amount they collected from the school to support Irfan's family.\"I feel sad for him. It is too much to see him. We should at least think once before fighting for silly things in our life. Even though our teachers explained us his condition we did not know that he is in such a worst state,\" sighed Parvathy, a class VIII student. The students also carried with them placards with pleas to elders urging them to be more careful so that precious lives of children could be saved.Ani, the journalism teacher who accompanied the kids said that it was the students who insisted and took initiative to collect the amount after knowing about the plight of Irfan from newspapers. The students handed over Rs 10,000 to Irfan's mother Sajini. The amount was collected by the students by contributing Rs 10 each.\"I feel proud to help him. We would be coming here often to be with him. His mother told us that he is scared of being alone,\" said Faseen, a student.Earlier in the morning the students marched towards the Karikkakom school van tragedy memorial and lit candles in memory of the seven nursery students who had lost their lives in the accident on February 17, last year.The visit of students to Irfan's house was part of an ongoing campaign organized by the students of Carmel GHSS to support Irfan's family. Earlier this week, a group of students from the school met chief minister Oommen Chandy and submitted a memorandum seeking a government job for Irfan's father. The CM had assured them that he would depute officials to study the situation and to initiate steps to help the family based on their report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710268", "title": "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West planning joint fashion range", "text": "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are planning to launch a joint fashion range, it has been revealed.\"Kanye and Kim have figured out that if they combine their names it could be big business,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"They've both got massive fanbases who will buy their gear.\"It's also a sign that they're in the relationship for the long haul and that they think it's a romantic way to seal their relationship,\" the source said.West launched himself as a fashion designer last year and Kardashian has had her own range of women's gear for some time now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705446", "title": "4 of a family killed as tipper crushes car in Kilimanoor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four members of a family, inlcuding three women, were killed when the car in which they were travelling collided with a tipper lorry at Kuravankuzhy near Kilimanoor on Saturday.The deceased were identified as Bhadran, 53, Anchal in Kollam and his daughter Sreekutty alias Midhila, 18, mother-in-law Bhavani Amma, 65, and sister-in-law Sreevidya alias Jaya Pradha, 40. They hailed from Bharathipuram near Anchal. The Maruti 800 car, in which the family travelled, was completely destroyed in the accident. The lorry hit the car which got flung into a nearby canal under the impact. The lorry driver also lost control of the vehicle, it skidded off the road and fell over the car, crushing the vehicle and the people inside.The local people and police who reached the spot found it difficult to get the bodies out. By the time the fire and rescue services personnel reached the spot, cut through the mangled vehicle and pulled out those trapped inside, two of them were dead. The others were taken to the nearby hospital, but could not be saved.The body of Bhavani is kept at Gokulam Medial College Hospital while that of others are kept at Chirayinkeezhu Taluk Hospital. According to the police the tipper lorry was speeding and the driver, Soman, was drunk. He has also suffered injuries in the accident and has been admitted to the hospital. The police have recorded his arrest at the hospital.##In a tragic accident that took place at Kuravankuzhy near Kilimanoor on Saturday, four members of a family were killed. The deceased were identified as Bhadran, 53, Anchal in Kollam and his daughter Sreekutty alias Midhila, 18, mother-in-law Bhavani Amma, 65, and sister-in-law Sreevidya alias Jaya Pradha, 40.According to the police, the accident occurred around 4.30 p.m when a tipper lorry that was going in the opposite direction of the car rammed into a Maruti car while negotiating a sharp curve at Karavankuzhy. The victims, who lived at Bharathipuram near Anchal was going to Gokulam Medical College Hospital to treat Bhavani Amma for age related illness when the accident occurred.The tipper lorry was reportedly over speeding. The driver of the lorry, Soman, was also under the influence of alcohol. He has also suffered injuries in the accident and is admitted to the hospital. The police have recorded his arrest at the hospital.The Maruti 800 car, in which the family travelled, was completely mangled in the accident. The lorry sped into the car and the car got flung into a nearby canal under the impact. The lorry that lost control followed the car and fell over it, crushing the vehicle and the people inside.The bodies got entangled with the crushed vehicle so that the police had to seek the help of the Fire and Rescue Services personnel to cut the metal and pull out the bodies. Two people were died by the time the fire-force managed to break open the car.The body of Bhavani is being kept at Gokulam Medial College Hospital while that of the others are being kept at Chirayinkeezhu Taluk Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706043", "title": "Sonia Gandhi will attend Cong meet on October 18", "text": "MANGALORE: While the Old Mysore region is in the grip of the Cauvery water agitation, the Congress leadership in undivided Dakshina Kannada district is gearing up for upcoming assembly elections in the state.Taking inspiration for the visit of AICC chairperson Sonia Gandhi to Siddganga Mutt in Tumkur five months ago, the local Congress leaders have invited her to be part of a religious activity here, while also addressing party workers as a preparation for the assembly polls.B Janardhana Poojary, senior Congress leader and former Union minister, told reporters on Saturday that assembly elections can be held any time and latest by March or April 2013.In view of the impending election and need to bolster the rank and file of the party before the polls, Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts Congress convention has been organized at Nehru Maidan here on October 18, he said. Sonia Gandhi will attend the valedictory function of convention on the same day and around 15,000 state Congress leaders, ministers and workers will take part in the convention, he said.Janardhana Poojary said Sonia Gandhi will also visit Sri Gokarnanateshwara Temple at Kudroli and inaugurate the centenary celebrations of the temple and unveil a special centenary plaque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706183", "title": "PU students can now evaluate teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you attend classes regularly and have no re-appears, you can now rate your teachers. In what comes as a big boost for students of Panjab University campus, an official nod has been given by the syndicate to teachers' evaluation by students. Bringing cheer for students, the house of syndicate members on Saturday unanimously approved the recommendations of a committee pertaining to teachersa?? evaluation by students.Students who have 75% attendance and have no compartment or re-appear will be allowed to make this evaluation, which will remain purely between the students and the teachers concerned. It would not lead to any action against teachers.The syndics agreed that this evaluation will be a feedback mechanism for self-improvement of teachers. Teachers will be graded on parameters including communication abilities, regularity, punctuality, response to queries and an informal behaviour.With this, a long pending demand of student bodies on campus has been accepted officially by the university.Students can raise their genuine concerns and express themselves. It is a big victory for students, said Manoj Lubana, president, Students Organization of Panjab University. The issue has been highlighted by various student bodies. This pro forma of teachera??s evaluation had been a bone of contention between teachers and students since 2009, with teachers expressing resentment on any punitive action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708820", "title": "CGTR will be Pawan Kalyan\u2019s biggest release", "text": "Producer DVV Danayya says that his forthcoming film Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu (CGTR), starring powerstar Pawan Kalyan, will be the biggest release in the actor's career. Scheduled for a worldwide release on October 18, Danayya said that he's planning to release the film in a record number of theatres with maximum prints.Exuding confidence on the film's output, producer Danayya said that Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu will entertain all section of the audience and not just fans. CGTR will be a typical Puri Jagannadh's film, which has all the required ingredients coupled with Pawan's style and performance. The film has Tamannaah playing the female lead and music by Mani Sharma. Gabriela Bertante will be seen in an item number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16706207", "title": "Congress panel fails to finalise candidates for contentious seats", "text": "SHIMLA: Even as assembly elections is being held on November 4 in Himachal Pradesh , the opposition Congress seems unable to ensure an early decision on candidates, in its bid to clinch the power back from BJP. A screening committee meeting, chaired by Delhi chief minister Sheela Dixit, on Saturday again failed to decide candidates on controversial seats. Though Congress claimed to have finalized names of 50 candidates, it has yet to make an official announcement about them.According to party sources, the screening committee discussed names of candidates for all seats, but could not finalise names for 5-6 seats. A list of seats, where candidates have been finalized, would be released on Sunday, they said.Though the candidature of state Congress president Virbhadra Singh from Shimla (rural) seat was approved on Saturday, the party could not take a decision on Kusumpti and Shimla (urban) seats. From Kusumpti, party general secretary Kuldeep Singh Rathore, a close confidante of Union minister Anand Shrma, is a strong contender for the ticket. Sources said that Anand Sharma has recommended 3-4 tickets, including Rathore from Kusumpti, Brij Behari Lal Butail from Palampur and Dr Kailsah Prashar from Arki.Sources said that the screening committee also approved the candidature of Major Vijay Singh Mankotia, who has just returned to the party, from Shahpur seat. For Dharamshala seat, sitting Baijnath MLA Sudhir Sharma has emerged a strong contender as Jodhpur MP Chandresh Kumari's name is out from the list of probables.Sources said that Chandresh was asked to opt out by party leadership as in case she was fielded from Dharamshala, party will have to face byelection in Jodhpur. Disputed seats where decision could not be taken on Saturday included Dharamshala, Kusumpti, Shimla (urban), Paonta Sahib, Nahan, Arki, Una, Kutlehar, Bhoranj, Seraj, Manali, Lahaul-Spiti, Baijnath, Kangra, Jawalamukhi, Jawali, Chamba and Nurpur, they said.From Kinnaur, the party has reportedly decided to field Jagat Singh Nego, a former MLA and Virbhadra loyalist. From Sundernagar, Sohan Lala and from Rampur, Nand Lal would be party candidates. From Solan, it has decided to field Congress working committee member and former MP Dhani Ram Shandil. From Kasauli, Vinod Sultanpuri and from Jubbal-Kotkhai, Rohit Thakur would be fielded.In Chamba district, Surinder Bhardwaj would be fielded from Churah seat, Thakur Singh Bharmauri from Bharmaur, Asha Kumari from Dalhousie and Kuldeep Pathania from Bhatiyat. In Kangra district, Kamal Kishore from Indora, Sujan Singh Pathania from Fatehpur, Brig Rajinder Rana from Dehra, Nikhil Rajour from Jaswan Pragpur, Sanjay Ratan from Jawalamukhi, Yadvinder Goma from Jaisinghpur, Jagjeevan Paul from Sulah, G S Bali from Nagrota, B B Butail from Palampur and Kishori Lal from Baijnath could be party candidates.From Banjar, party has decided to field Karan Singh, whereas Ishwar Dass from Ani, Mansa Ram from Karsog, Tek Chand Dogra from Nachan, Kaul Singh Thakur from Drang, Surinder Paul from Jogindernagar, Anil Sharma from Mandi, Prakash Chaudhary from Balh and Rangila Ram Rao from Sarkaghat would be party candidates.From Dharampur seat, it will field Chandershekhar, along with Anita Verma from Sujanpur, Narinder Thakur from Hamirpur, Subhash Manglet from Chopal, Sunder Thakur from Kullu, Kuldeep Kumar from Chintpurni, Mukesh Agnihotri from Haroli, Ram Lal Thakur from Naina Devi, Rajesh Dharmani from Gumarwin, Lakhwinder Rana from Nalagarh, Inder Dutt Lakhanpal from Badsar, Gangu Ram Musafir from Pachhad, Harshvardhan Chauhan from Shillai and Vinay Kumar from Renuka. Senior party leader Vidya Stokes would be fielded from Theog while Mohan Lal Bragtu will contest from Rohru, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706226", "title": "Hassle-free funds from Jeevan Rakshak Nidhi for policemen", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to offer immediate financial assistance to police personnel especially those who are undergoing medical treatment, the state police headquarter, Allahabad has initiated steps to release funds from Jeevan Rakshak Nidhi accounts of policemen within stipulated period of submission of applications.DSP, Welfare, Police Headquarter, Aashutosh Mishra told TOI that \" an amount worth Rs 2.25 lakh was immediately released for constable Vinod Kumar Singh from his Jeveen Rakshak Nidhi account as he had to undergo surgery at a local hospital.The constable had sustained serious injuries with his legs in a road accident and doctors had advised him for the surgery. The cops were posted at Kumbh Mela duties and the SSP, Kumbh had forwarded the constable application to police headquarter for disposal.Once the constable submitted application with concerned department, the required funds were released from his Jeevan Rakshak Nidhi account within half an hour.Mishra , meanwhile, maintained that ADG, PHq, Surya Kumar has initiated the measures to look into the applications wherein cops seeking amount from their Jeevan Rakshak Nidhi accounts and further ordered for the quick disposal. More welfare schemes have also been launched and a set of guidelines have been issued for the quick disposal of applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407810", "title": "Be fashionable this Durga Puja", "text": "Here's some great news for Kolkatans who are out for Puja shopping. Luxury fashion retailing brand Sasya launched it's festive collection in the city recently.It comprises an array of fashionable apparel \u2014 both Indian and Western wear. Adding glitz to the event was Bipashu Basu, Emraan Hashmi and Mahesh Bhatt who were in town to promote their latest film.Situated in the heart of the city, the store \u2014 spread over 10,000 sq ft and across five floors \u2014 seeks to offer grooms- and brides-to-be a luxurious shopping experience. Speaking about the collection, managing director, Rachit Agarwal says, \"The new festive collection gives women and men an array of options, from bridalwear to smart casuals. The pret collection comprises cocktail dresses, tunics and suits for women and shirts, trousers and Indowestern outfits for men.\"Bipasha Basu gushed, \"I'm really happy to be here at Sasya. Although I hail from Kolkata, I've never come across such a beautiful store in this city. And I love the new bridal collection!\"Owned and managed by Simaaya, the brand, started in 2005, takes inspiration from the term 'essence' or 'fruit' and their ethnic to minimalistic philosophy manifests itself in the store decor \u2014 a fusion of western styles with a contemporary expression of Indian design.Besides offering the traditional six yards, the store offers ready-to-drape saris for women and tailored jackets, shirts and kurtas for men. Whats more? The store is also home to accessories like exquisite jewellery with semi-precious stones, scarves, leather bags and clutches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705746", "title": "'Sliced bread no threat to pao'", "text": "PANAJI: The makers of the traditional Goan pao, who have been in the news in recent days for demanding a hike in the Goan breakfast staple, feel that the increase in price will not affect their customer base as the packaged variety of bread is no competition to the pao.\"Sliced bread can last even up to seven days and this is proof of the chemical content in it that helps preserve it. The pao, on the other hand, will not last for more than two days because its contents are pure and healthy. Because of the chemicals used, sliced bread makers can afford to sell a loaf for 15,\" a Mapusa-based bread maker said.The All-Goa Association of Bakers has decided to put a proposal before the chief minister on October 8 where they have proposed that the pao price will continue at the current 2.50 for a smaller size, while they will introduce a better quality pao for 5 which will weigh a minimum of 80g.The bakers are hoping that eventually, the 5 variety will survive in the market as customers will realize that they are getting the traditional Goan pao for that price.\"When the bread price was hiked from 1 to 2 in the 1990s, bakers started making breads of both prices. Eventually, the 1 pao lost customer base and the 2 variety remained in the market as customers realized they were getting value for their money. This time too, we have decided to make breads of two varieties and let customers make the choice between the two. It's better than bringing in a flat hike that will make our customers and the state government unhappy. We do not want to invite such a conflict,\" said a source from the association of bakers.The bakers said that a 50g pao for 3 as proposed by the state is not feasible for them to bake at all as the raw material costs have more than doubled.\"The rate of inflation has been such that the price of our raw material is rising. Rather than saying that we want to increase the cost by 1 now and implementing the hike of another rupee in a year, it is better that we increase the price once and for all,\" a Panaji baker said.The bakers said that up to 10g are lost during the cooking process of the bread. \"A 50g pao will come down to 40g after it rises during baking in the furnace. The loss is more in case of other varieties like katre pao and poi,\" the baker said.According to the association of bakers, the Goan pao makers are far from extinct. The association estimates that there are over 1,500 pao makers in Salcete alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704244", "title": "Electrician Kejriwal begins power struggle, dares the law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two weeks after announcing his plans to confront the Delhi government on inflated power bills, activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal and his team restored electricity connections of two households on Saturday. In both the cases, power supply had been disconnected for non-payment of bill.Reacting strongly to Kejriwal's move, Delhi power minister Haroon Yusuf said that he has asked discoms to get an FIR registered against Kejriwal for breaking the law. \"I have given them directions to register a case against Kejriwal and not against those innocent people who are being incited by him,\" said Yusuf. Kejriwal kick-started his 'bijli-paani' campaign by restoring power connection of labourer Bana Ram's house in Tigri Colony, Khanpur. Ram's power supply was snapped on Friday against non-payment of a bill amounting Rs 15,166.Kejriwal calls for power tariff hike rollbackSocial activist Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday launched a protest against inflated power bills in the capital and in the process restored the electricity connection of a labourer which was snapped by authorities for non-payment of dues. Labourer Bana Ram, who lives in a cramped two-room house along with his two sons and three daughters, claimed that he missed the due date for paying the bill - amounting to Rs 15,166 - as he could not arrange for the money.\"In August, I paid a bill of Rs 10,000 after borrowing money. But this %time I couldn't manage it,\" said Ram (70), a construction worker who claims to earn between Rs 7,000 and 8,000 a month. Of his two sons, the elder one aged 50 is mentally challenged. His house has three coolers, two fans, a refrigerator and four TV sets.Reaching the spot at 10.20am, Kejriwal, after restoring the connection with the help of a local electrician, said, \"Bijli paani satyagraha has started in Delhi. Stop paying electricity and water bills till the Delhi government withdraws% the tariff hike. Let's unite and fight corruption. If they disconnect power, people will reach in large numbers to reconnect it.\"The scene also saw Kejriwal supporters shouting slogans like \"Sheila chori nahi chalegi\" and \"wapas lo bijli ka bill\". After restoring power here, district unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) members went to the BSES office at Nehru Place for a protest. The same team in the evening went to restore power connection of a household in Rohini. This did not include senior members like Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai and Kumar Vishwas.The power minister criticised Kejriwal for taking law in his hands. \"This is like Hitler rule. How can he ask people% to not pay for their power and burn% their bills? Is he some constitutional% authority,\" he said.The move is expected to build pressure on DERC. The Commission will hold a public hearing on October 8 to consider reverting to the old slab system following complaints of a steep hike in power bills.Meanwhile, Ram's family is now determined not to pay the bill until the government gives them relief. \"Eachtime they will snap our power supply, we will connect it back and call Kejriwalji,\" said Babita, Ram's daughter.Earlier, while talking to media, Kejriwal said Delhi will show the way in this \"civil disobedience movement\".\"I will personally come and reconnect your electricity connection if they disconnect. I will take the punishment. We are ready to go to jail for this. Let's not accept corruption and injustice,\" he said. He also claimed that MPs and former MPs owe huge amounts to power companies but their connections were not disconnected. \"Poor people are being terrorized,\" he said.Kejriwal also said that his team will hold a dharna on Sunday and burn electricity bills in 114 municipal wards. The team will burn bills at JJ Colony in Bawana, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Marg, Mahipalpur and Laxmi Nagar. \"The Delhi government must roll back the hike before November 3 or we will protest again on November 4 and gherao Sheila Dikshit's house. We challenge them to try to cut the electricity of anyone in Delhi,\" Kejriwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "16704602", "title": "Girl kidnapped from Ajmer, recovered in Agra", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: A seven-year-old girl, who was allegedly kidnapped from a colony in Kishangarh town of Ajmer district, was recovered from the Ajmer-Sealdah train at Agra Fort railway station by a team of Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Saturday. Within a few hours of kidnap, the RPF managed to arrest the kidnapper from the train after a tip-off given by Ajmer police.According to the police, a seven-year-old girl went missing from her locality in Kishangarh town on Saturday morning. Soon after, the police swung into action and found that the missing girl was seen along with a 26-year-old man by some railway staff while boarding Ajmer-Sealdah express.Rajesh Meena, superintendent of police, Ajmer immediately spoke to the senior commandant, RPF, Agra and sought his intervention.\"It was later established that the girl along with the kidnapper were travelling in the sleeper class of the train which already passed through Achnera railway station and was about to reach Agra fort. Thus, we intimated RPF, Agra to scan the train and find the girl,\" said a senior RPF officer, Ajmer.D K Morya, senior commandant, RPF, Agra, talking to TOI on Saturday, said: \"At 7.30 pm when the train reached Agra fort, our men scanned the seven wagons of sleeper class to find the girl. She was found drugged along with the kidnapper. Though the kidnapper, identified as Ravindra (26), attempted to escape, our men nabbed him.\"\"The girl has been handed over to the GRP, Agra while the kidnapper is in their custody. We have intimated the Ajmer police on the recovery and arrest. The girl would be handed over to the family,\" he added.On the motive of the kidnapper, a senior officer of GRP, Agra, said: \"It is found that he(Ravindra) was known to the family of the girl and had demanded some money for medication of his ailing wife. When the family refused he conspired of kidnapping.\"The kidnapper has administered 'bhang' to the victim, they said.The accused hails from Bihar and it appears to be a case of kidnapping for ransom, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705683", "title": "Five booked for assaulting police officer", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A police hunt is under way for five men, including a civil police officer, who allegedly assaulted a policeman.The Pozhiyoor police have registered a case against CPO Arun, attached to the Armed Reserve Camp, Ernakulam, his brother Shaji, a fire and rescue services official, and three others.According to the victim, George , the accused persons forcibly took him away in a car from his house in Nedumangad and assaulted him on Thursday night.George, a CPO in Nedumangad, said he was recently married, and had not allowed his wife to continue working in Arun and Shaji's textile showroom. The victim said this could have led to the assault.Super market godown gutted: A suspected electrical short-circuit sparked a blaze that gutted the godown of a super market in Attingal on Saturday. Goods worth Rs 15 lakh were destroyed in the fire that raged in the godown of Triveni Super Market. Security staff of nearby textile showrooms, who noticed the blaze early in the morning, informed the fire fighters.The fire and rescue personnel from Attingal doused the blaze and prevented it from spreading to nearby shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705972", "title": "Computer learning gets compulsory in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to introduce basic computer education ( BSE ) course as a compulsory subject in Plus II first year in all the three streams of arts, science and commerce from the current academic session.The government has decided to impart both theory and practical knowledge in the first year itself contrary to its earlier decision that theory of the course will be taught in first year and practical in second year, Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) chairman Nihar Ranjan Patnaik told TOI.\"If the students study theory in first year, by the time they would do practical they would have forgotten it. That is why the government decided to conduct both theory and practical in first year itself,\" he said.Patnaik said students who are already in second year now will also study the subject this year as there was no such course when they were in the first year. From next academic session, the course will be offered to first year students only, he said.The theory course will be taught in 30 hours and practical classes in 10 hours. The respective colleges will conduct examination of 100 marks at their level and award A, B, C or D grade to the students. The government would engage guest faculties or outsource it. A guest faculty would get consolidated remuneration of Rs 5,200 a month. As per the government decision, conveyed to higher education department and Council of Higher Secondary Education on Friday, the colleges will provide at the rate of one computer for a group of 32 students and create other necessary infrastructure on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16705501", "title": "A relieving touch comes at an affordable price", "text": "HUBLI: A relaxing ayurvedic massage is no longer the prerogative of the rich. Even people from lower middle class and poor families can now avail the healing touch, thanks to the initiative of the government aided HASS's Ayurveda Mahavidyalaya, which has started a massage centre offering services at affordable prices.Ayurveda massage parlours have mushroomed in the city following the revived interest of people in the traditional healing system. However, these private centres charge hefty fees and hence are not affordable by all. For instance, a regular body massage with ayurvedic oil costs anywhere between Rs 300 - Rs 500 whereas a therapeutic massage is offered at Rs 1,500 - Rs 3,000 range.Since these rates are simply not affordable by low income families, the HASS's Ayurveda College opened a full-fledged ayurveda massage centre a few weeks ago. Apart from the regular body message, the centre provides therapeutic massage for ailments like skin allergies, arthritis, neurological problems, diabetes, hypertension and psychological problems.It's the first government ayurveda college in the city to have opened a massage centre offering services at affordable prices. In the last six months, the centre has received overwhelming response from people. The centre charges Rs 30 - Rs 70 for various massages including head massage, back massage and arms massage. Even for therapeutic massage charges are as low as Rs 200 - Rs 300.Speaking to TOI, PG Subbanagouda, principal, HASS's Ayurveda Mahavidyalaya, Heggeri, said, \"Our center is helping a lot of people. Since the treatment is available at affordable rates, nearly 35 to 40 people come here on a daily basis to avail the benefits of ayurvedic massage.\"Mahesh Gouda, who is an employee of a private firm in Old Hubli, said, \"I was advised by the doctor to for an ayurvedic massage since I am suffering from hypertension. I never went for it as I could not afford one. When I came to know about this centre at the government college, I got admitted and I am getting the massage just for just Rs 40.\"Savitha patil, a homemaker was also happy to know about the centre when her doctor advised her to get an ayurvedic massage for her arthritis pain at least twice a week. \"Since it is very expensive at private ayurveda centres, I came here for treatment,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704112", "title": "Finally, CM OKs probe against 45 irrigation officials", "text": "MUMBAI: CM Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday ordered a high level probe against Devendra Shirke, the water sources secretary who was executive director of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, and 44 other senior officials for rampant irregularities and substandard construction of Gosikhurd and Bawanthadi irrigation projects in Vidarbha.\"A committee headed by former chief engineer S K Mendhgiri had recommended a probe against 45 officials of the irrigation department. I have approved the proposal. I am sure the probe will be completed soon,\" Chavan told TOI.It is the first step taken by the CM against erring officials after a series of reports in the Times of India on huge cost escalations in key irrigation projects that a whistleblower says could have cost the exchequer Rs 35,000 crore. The order comes after NCP's Ajit Pawar, who held the water resources portfolio between 1999 and 2009, resigned as deputy CM on September 25 on moral grounds.Significantly, all the 45 engineers were associated with the Rs 7,777-crore Gosikhurd project (expected to reach Rs 13,000 crore) and Rs 1,400 crore Bawanthadi irrigation scheme in Bhandara district, the home turf of senior NCP leader and Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel.In March 2009, the state government had appointed a committee headed by Mendhgiri to probe the allegations after former Maharashtra minister of state for irrigation Vijay Wadettiwar submitted in the Assembly that there had been a fraud in the tender process for the projects, the entire work was substandard and there was deliberate cost escalation to help contractors associated with political parties. Mendhgiri submitted an exhaustive report to the irrigation department on corruption and irregularities but it had been gathering dust. After Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare, also of the NCP, has been at the helm of the water resources department.\"It's a fact that the report was gathering dust. However, after the TOI exposed the scam, the government realized it was high time that the department acted on the findings. Accordingly, the entire report was processed and submitted before the chief minister, who immediately approved a high level probe against the erring engineers,\" a senior bureaucrat said.Besides Devendra Shirke, the probe has been ordered against S R Suryawanshi, a chief engineer, three superintending engineers, 12 executive engineers and other deputy and assistant engineers.On the row over a white paper on the irrigation scam, the bureaucrat said it will be a status paper and Chavan expects that it will be submitted during the winter session of the state legislature. \"It will not be a chargesheet against Ajit Pawar or the irrigation department, but a comprehensive information on irrigation projects, causes of cost escalation and delay in execution of key projects,\" he said.Once a basic status paper is submitted, it will be examined by the agriculture department and later by the finance and planning department and finally it will be placed before the cabinet for approval. \"Once the paper is tabled, we will draft a new policy for early completion of irrigation projects, which are in final stages,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16704898", "title": "BBMP, traders clean KR Market on Bandh day", "text": "BANGALORE: Saturday's shutdown turned out to be a blessing in disguise for the City Market. The BBMP got down to cleaning up the garbage pile up in the market, with active participation from the traders, on Saturday when the market was completely shut down.But neither the BBMP nor the traders were disheartened. They chose to make good use of the day by cleaning up the market.As many as 118 pourakarmikas were pressed into service. They sent to KR Market and 80 tonnes of waste removed. \"It was an opportunity we had after a long time and we thought of making using of it. Even the traders took interest in the cleaning process. In fact, many of them assisted our workers,\" BBMP officials said.Vegetable merchants who'd opened their stores in the morning were confronted by activists who forcibly closed the shops. Traders chose to help BBMP workers on the no-business day. \"Mission to clean the KR Market was in the pipeline for long. Only a limited amount of garbage could be removed from the market everyday. The market is open through the week and on normal business days none of us have time,'' traders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704267", "title": "Acquittal doesn\u2019t entitle an accused to bail: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: A full bench of the Bombay HC said an accused is not entitled to bail as a matter of right merely because he has been acquitted.The three-judge bench was deciding a legal question to clear a controversy caused by conflicting views between different two-judge benches on the meaning of Section 390 of the CrPC, which deals with 'arrest of an accused in appeal from acquittal'. The section stipulates that when the state appeals against an acquittal order of an accused, the HC may issue a warrant for the arrest and the court, before which the accused is then taken for compliance of the warrant, may have him arrested and sent to jail pending disposal of the appeal or grant him bail.The bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar, R M Sawant and P D Kode had to settle two questions. One was whether a sessions judge, after the HC had issued a warrant for arrest on the state's appeal against an acquittal order, still has powers to send an accused to jail or whether he must be granted bail as a matter of right.The other question was whether the HC must treat as contempt of court every single breach that a sessions judge commits of an order issued to it by the HC.The three-judge bench on Friday held that the session court has to pass orders on a case-by-case basis. The discretion must be exercised in consonance with settled parameters of when bail ought to be granted since the basic essence of the legal provision is to ensure the presence of an accused through the appeal till its disposal.The HC answered the second question in the negative. It held that a sessions judge cannot be proceeded against for every violation of the HC's direction as if it constituted contempt of the court.The HC said, \"Section 390 CrPC leaves no manner of doubt that the HC is expected to exercise its judicial discretion on case-to-case basis to issue a warrant directing that the accused be arrested and brought before it or be produced before the subordinate court for its compliance.\"It said \"bailable warrants\" can be issued for ensuring presence of an accused before a trial court. If the accused is then produced before the subordinate court, it may release that accused on bail on terms which must be fair to secure the presence of the accused. \"If the accused is unable to fulfil the terms for release on bail, the subordinate court will be justified in directing committal of the accused to prison,\" the HC held.If the HC while issuing a bailable warrant has spelt out terms, then the lower court cannot alter such conditions. However, if the HC were to issue \"non-bailable warrants\", recording reasons indicative of committing the accused to prison, then the lower court must send the accused to jail.If the HC order is silent on whether or not the accused must be arrested again, then the sessions court can exercise its discretion after seeing whether releasing the accused could hamper his attendance pending the appeal's disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore/bangalore", "code": "16704904", "title": "These institutes carved many a dreams", "text": "MYSORE/BANGALORE: The alma mater of IT czar NR Narayana Murthy, technology entrepreneur Kumar Malavalli and celebrated cricketer EAS Prasanna in Mysore has one thing in common with the country's first, private, engineering college that came up in Bangalore. Both were founded during the pre-independent India days.The Mysore-based National Institute of Engineering (NIE) and Bangalore's BMS College of Engineering (BMSCE) were both set up in 1946.STORY BEHIND BMSBMS, named after its founder Businayana Mukundadas Sreenivasaiah, today has six wings under its umbrella -- BMS College of Engineering (1946), BMS College of Law (1963), BMS College for Women (1964), BMS Evening College of Engineering (1973), BMS Institute of Technology (2002) and BMS School of Architecture (2010).BMSCE, the first wing to be established, began with only three courses and 90 students. \"The college started with BE in civil, mechanical and electrical engineering. Although it started as a private institution, we became an aided institution in 1968. Now, some of our courses are being aided by the government,\" said K Mallikharjuna Babu, principal, BMSCE.At present, the institution takes pride in housing as many as 4,700 students, while over 35,000 students have graduated from here so far. Today, it offers 13 undergraduate and 12 post-graduate programmes. \"BMSCE is the only partner institution from India along with other universities located in Chile, China, Germany and USA for Melton Foundation, USA,\" said Babu.More than 1,000 international students study at this institution. \"Governments of others countries have been regularly sponsoring their students to BMS institutions. We have come up with international hostels to accommodate them on campus,\" said Babu. All BMS institutions put together have 12,000 students studying in them.STRUGGLE TO START NIEThe paucity of good engineering colleges in the mid-1940s provoked S Ramaswamy, a retired superintendent engineer with the then Mysore state's Public Works Department, start one. He broached the issue with his close friends DV Narasimha Rao, who retired as chief engineer in Mysore State Railways and T Rama Rao, his colleague in PWD. The state's only Government Engineering College at Bangalore established in 1917 had limited intake. Having served at the college on deputation, Ramaswamy dreamt about Mysore having an engineering college of its own.As his son SR Subba Rao reminiscences, his father came home one day for lunch in June 1946 and announced that he and his friends had decided to set up an engineering college in Mysore. Within days, the trio held a meeting at Modern Hindu Hotel, which is now re-branded as Hotel Mayura Hoysala, a KSRTC property, near Mysore railway station.Within days, the institution was inaugurated and many students enrolled. But there was a hitch. They didn't have a classroom. The founders borrowed space at another institution and started their mission in an open space.How the National Institute of Engineering, the second oldest engineering college in Karnataka, was funded actually makes an interesting read. When somebody asked him donation for a religious activity, he had his 'eureka' moment.\"One of the donors, K Seetharamaiah of Dasaprakash Hotel, donated Rs 10,000 for the institute. All the money he gave was in coins,\" recollects octogenarian Subba Rao, president, NIE. Subba Rao was then doing engineering at Bangalore.\"Our three founders struggled very hard to set up the institution. That we didn't even have a classroom of our own is a case in point. Incidentally, some of the classes were held in our house,\" he says.Ramaswamy's elder son SR Krishna Rao didn't get a seat in Bangalore though he was talented, which made him realize the difficulties students faced in studying engineering. \"There were only limited seats in Bangalore institutes, which provoked my father start NIE,\" Subba Rao states.Ramaswamy served as the college's first principal and was followed by Rama Rao, who is named the 'tunnel', given his heroic work in executing Hulikere tunnel. Narasimha Rao served as the NIE's first secretary.After the college was set up in July 1946, offering diploma courses, the founders rented a building at Lakshmipuram, where classes were held for two years. After Independence, the management approached Mysore government in 1950 seeking a site to build their own facility. It was initially rejected on the grounds that the institution had no infrastructure of its own.The education minister P Siddalingaiah came down to Mysore, inspected the institution and granted permission. Later, the City Improvement Trust Board granted 260 ft x 200 ft site to the institute on the city outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16704688", "title": "Amravati university gives wrong info on VC, registrar's TA, DA", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Amravati university is back in news, again for wrong reasons. The university officials have been accused of giving misleading information to an applicant who had sought details of travelling and daily allowance of the vice-chancellor and the registrar.Rajendra Prasad had filed an application under Right to Information (RTI) Act on April 4, seeking details of travelling and daily allowance of VC Mohan Khedkar and registrar Dinesh Kumar Joshi. He had urged the public relations officer to give photostat copies of all/complete documents about the payment made in all modes and manner to Joshi under hometown concession during 2009-2012. Prasad had also sought the certified photostat copies of travelling and daily allowance paid to Khedkar after his joining as VC and certified copies of registrar's vehicle from December 1, 2010 to January 31, 2011.Prasad got the information on April 27 and was shocked to know that the finance and accounts department had given him details of the TA and DA of the then VC Kamal Singh and acting VC Praveen Singh Pardeshi during 2010. The university officials gave 43 photostat copies in which first six pages related to TA/DA of Kamal Singh and Pardeshi. Rest of the pages did not even mention the name and address of the receiver of the allowances. Page number 4 was repeated 17 times which had different information. Prasad claimed that the university provided him wrong information.PRO Vilas Nandurkar said the information sought by the applicant cannot be disclosed under section 11 of RTI Act. When asked why wrong information was provided, he said the finance official could reply to this query.Finance and accounts officer R D Sikachi said the applicant was not satisfied with the information provided by the university. Therefore, he filed a second appeal before the State Information Commissioner which was cancelled. He however said he would look into the matter related to the wrong information provided to him.Prasad said the State Information Commissioner had not cancelled his application but asked him to resubmit it on technical grounds. The information commissioner would hear it on priority when in Amravati, Prasad said.Prasad said when the university officials provided wrong information, he submitted another application. Along with him, two other persons had also sought the same information in the second application filed on August 14. The information given on the second application was different from what he got during the first time, he said. The university officials did not provide even note sheets in reply to the second application, Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16704316", "title": "Novak Djokovic threat for No. 1 Roger Federer", "text": "BEIJING: World no.1 Roger Federer , who received a death threat by a blogger, who called himself 'Blue Cat Polytheistic Religion Founder 07', wanting to assassinate the 17-time Grand Slam champion for the purpose of 'tennis extermination', will face a different kind of threat on the tennis court.While authorities have taken note of the death threat, securing the surroundings, Federer, who heads the draw at the Shanghai Rolex Masters, beginning Sunday, has world no.2 Novak Djokovic breathing down his neck in the race for the no.1 spot.The top-eight seeds have all got byes in the 64-player draw that includes US Open champion Andy Murray , big-serving Czech Tomas Berdych , Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Serb Janko Tipsarevic , Argentine Juan Manco and American John Isner .At the fag end of a grueling season, Federer, 31, has 11,805 points in the rolling 12-month rankings with Djokovic in second place on 10,470.A total of 1,000 points are on offer to the winner in Shanghai. Importantly, the Serb, who has fewer points to defend for the rest of the season, will also stand gain from his China Open outing, where the winner pockets 500 points.Olympic gold medallist Murray is on the same half of the draw as Federer, while Djokovic has a likely quarterfinal meeting with countryman Tipsarevic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16697950", "title": "I am a better director than Balki: Gauri Shinde", "text": "Gauri Shinde, 38, may be better known as R Balki's wife, but she has been a director for far longer than he has. Following the release of her debut feature film English Vinglish, she talks to TOI about her need to say sorry to her mother, why she prefers pets to children and why Boney Kapoor cried after seeing the film.How did you get to directing films? I was born and brought up in Pune and came to Mumbai to intern with Sidharth Kak and then joined advertising and worked with IBW and Bates Clarion before joining Lowe Lintas, where I worked for a couple of years before I took a sabbatical to study in New York because I did not have the confidence to direct an ad film. After coming back, I directed over 100 ad films before I made my first feature film English Vinglish.How did Balki and you fall in love? Balki was the National Creative Director at Lowe, where I also worked in the films department. He liked me from the very first time he saw me in the lift. I ignored him for a long while, but then we became friends and started dating a few months later. Of course, predictably on our first date we saw two back-to-back films \u2014 one was a Kajol film as we were both her fans, followed by Zubeidaa. I guess Balki knew that taking me out for a film was the best way to woo me. Several years later, just before the release of Cheeni Kum in 2007, we got married.Do you plan to have kids? That's for another life. This lifetime is for me. I am quite a selfish person. There is so much I have to do in my life. Having a child is a lifelong commitment. My parents' lives are completely ruined because of us. While they feel they can't do without us, I feel it is a lifelong commitment. I love animals and pets more as they expect less. I love other people's kids but I think once you have your own kids, you stop loving them. Balki and I thought the same way even when we got married and so far, our feelings have not changed.You are both creative people with conviction. Does it lead to conflict? We are both strong-headed. Between the two of us, there are phases. Whoever has more pressure becomes more dominating. When he was directing his films, he was more dominating. Through my film, I have been more dominating and he was supportive of me. Between us, I have better directorial skills, but he has great writing skills that I don't think I can match up to. Balki, as a man, is very liberated so between us there is really no ego of the man-woman kind, but it can be competition about two people being in the same field. Also, since Balki is older, more powerful and already established, it makes it that much more difficult for me to come out of his shadow and be viewed as an individual.You have said that English Vinglish draws its inspiration from your mother? Explain. I made this film to say sorry to my mother. My mother is a Marathi-speaking woman, who runs her own pickle business out of our home in Pune. She ensured we went to an English speaking school since she had not gone to one. The film is fictionalised and I have not taken real incidents but all through writing the film, I kept my mother in mind to project how she would react to a particular situation. It was catharsis sub-consciously because as a child, somewhere, I must have looked down upon my mother. It's only later when I moved to Mumbai and started living alone and dealt with men that I remembered my teenage years when I was rebellious and insensitive towards her. Even today, I cringe thinking about incidents where I may have misbehaved and hurt her. For example, that scene where the kids make fun of her pronunciation of 'Jazz' is true of my real life. My dad was extremely supportive of her venture and, in fact, partnered with her. But I was a rebel and was closer to my father as I always felt that she loved my brothers more than she loved me. In my teenage years, when my friends meant everything to me and it was cool to go out, I hurt her a lot and often made her cry. Can't remember why this would happen but it was something to do with her preferring my older brother and I said some nasty things and she was hurt and I told her you don't know anything.Were you embarrassed about your mother not knowing English? Cursorily, at various points, I did feel embarrassed though it was more inside me and others may not have known. She was a great cook and my friends loved coming home. She tells me today that at least because I did not know English, you could make a film. My biggest acid test would be her reaction to the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705141", "title": "Baggage scanners to beef up Metro security", "text": "KOLKATA: The railways will beef up security on long-distance and local trains and in the Metro by Durga Puja.While the Metro stations will get baggage scanners, all long-distance trains from the city, the railway stations as well as local trains will get additional securitymen. The decision was taken at a high-level coordination meeting between the Government Railway Police (GRP), West Bengal Police, Railway Protection Force (RPF) of Eastern, South Eastern, Metro, Northeast Frontier, East Central and East Coast Railways in the city on Friday.As part of introducing the Integrated Security System (ISS), the Kolkata Metro has procured 23 x-ray baggage scanners which will be installed at all the 23 Metro stations. These are multi-energy baggage scanners equipped with state-of-the-art x-ray imaging technology. It provides high-resolution and ultra-clear images for easy object identification with the latest technology of computer control and image processing. Compactly designed, it is an ideal scanner for hand-carried articles at installations where security is of paramount importance.The system consists of x-ray system, network supervisory work station, operator control console, entry/exit roller table and UPS. It has image zooming capability from a minimum 2X - 16X zoom and continuous zoom up to minimum 64X.To improve law and order in the railway jurisdiction of eastern India during the imminent festive season, police and RPF will be deployed both in uniform and plainclothes on trains and stations. Special importance will be given to security on late-night trains.CCTV cameras will be installed at both the new and old complexes of Howrah station and in unreserved coaches of trains. Special passenger help booths manned by police and RPF will be put up.The Railway Protection Force (RPF) will take several other preventive steps to ensure passengers security. Most of the important mail, express, passenger and local trains will be thoroughly checked by RPF and GRP personnel with sniffer dogs. Passengers' luggage will be checked at Howrah, Sealdah, Kolkata and Gede stations.Anti-drugging squads will be deployed in plainclothes both in trains and station premises. The RPF will send out messages through the public address system at important stations, asking passengers not to accept food and drinks from strangers. Leaflets and posters will be put up at stations and trains to raise awareness on the dangers involved in accepting edibles from strangers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16705312", "title": "Rival factions of TMC clash in Haldia", "text": "HALDIA: Two factions of the Trinamool Congress clashed at Haldia on Friday night, after a group of party workers ransacked an Inttuc office. The rift comes two days ahead of chief minister Mamata Banerjee's visit to the town on Monday.With an influential local Trinamool leader levelling charges against a heavyweight leader of the party and accusing him of encroaching upon 'political territory', the local administration is finding it difficult to handle the situation.Trouble broke out around 11.30 pm on Friday when a group of Trinamool Congress men allegedly ransacked a makeshift office of Inttuc, the party's trade union arm, at Haldia's Bhowanipore locality. The attackers also reportedly beat up Sheikh Islamuddin, the Inttuc secretary of a local factory. Sheikh is said to be close to Siuli Saha, the Trinamool MLA of Haldia.Within half an hour of the incident, another Trinamool leader and Siuli's aide Pintu Bhattacharya lodged a complaint at Bhowanipore police station, naming some party workers as 'culprits'.Later, Siuli complained that Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari had masterminded the attack on the trade union office and party leaders close to her.\"We have received the complaint and started an investigation accordingly,\" said a senior police official of East Midnapore district.This is, however, not the first time that the two rival groups clashed in Haldia After Siuli Saha won the 2011 assembly elections, she reportedly started taking control of Haldia with the help of local Inttuc activists. This did not go down well with Adhikari.He had earlier opposed Siuli's candidature from Haldia in the assembly elections. The Trinamool MP had also blamed Siuli for Trinamool's defeat in the Haldia Municipality elections stating that she did not cooperate. Siuli had countered the allegations by saying that Adhikari fielded candidates without consulting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706095", "title": "Vishwa Hindu Parishad protests against mismanagement", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Protesting against the mismanagement in Kumbh Mela preparations, angry Vishwa Hindu Parishad(VHP) workers alongwith members of Teerth Purohit Mahasangh staged a demonstration and burnt an effigy of state Urban development minister at Mela office here on Saturday and handed over a 11 point memorandum to additional Mela Adhikari addressed to the state governor.The protestors raised slogans against the minister and urged the state government to hand over the charge of Kumbh Mela to some other minister.Addressing the gathering VHP leader, Amit Alok Pandey funds sanctioned for Kumbh Mela is being misappropiated by officials while citizens are up in arms against the Mela authorities.The area allotted to Teerth Purohits should be developed by Mela authorities.In his address, city vice president, Ashish Verma said that those who are trying to undermine the importance of Kumbh Mela would be taught a lesson by the people.Time has come to wind up and complete the ongoing works instead of spreading this and in the name of beautification the authorities should stop dumping garbage at Buxi Bundh and Yamuna bundh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704332", "title": "Jilted lover shoots at fianc\u00e9\u2019s parents", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who was \"angry\" at his fiance's family for calling off their marriage, allegedly entered her house and abused her parents before firing at them. The Tilak Nagar police have arrested the accused, Aman Harvinder Singh (30). A US made pistol has been recovered from his possession. Harvinder claimed he was inspired by a movie in which the hero had used a gun to threaten his girlfriend to marry him.\"Inderjeet Kaur said her daughter was engaged to Harvinder in April this year. But when her family found out about his criminal activities, they rejected his proposal,\" said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.On October 3, the accused reached his fiance's house and had a heated argument with the girl's parents. \"In a fit of anger, the accused opened fire at them to pressurize the parents for the marriage,\" said Renganathan. Harvinder's pistol got jammed and he only managed to shoot once at Inderjeet, but she fortunately missed the bullet.On October 4, Harvinder was arrested on specific information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704330", "title": "Two arrested in visa-for-job scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men who duped people by promising them jobs abroad were arrested by the economic offences wing (EOW) of Mumbai police.Tahdil Ali Shaukat Shaikh alias Kallu (56) and his aide Mohammed Sayeed Ansari (48) were arrested for forgery and violating of the Indian Immigration Act. The two have been remanded in police custody till October 11.In 2011, the EOW arrested the owner of a recruitment firm, Mashkur Ahmed Mansoor, for running the establishment without permission.The complainant,Nasibali Shaikh (30), alleged that he was duped by Kallu in 2009. \"Shaikh and Kallu were from the same village in Uttar Pradesh. The accused told Shaikh that he could arrange a job in Saudi Arabia,\" said a cop.Shaikh was asked by Kallu and Ansari to cough up Rs 30,000 for the visa and requisite permits. Shaikh paid him Rs 30,000 and also told three of his friends about his arrangement. \"Shaikh's friends handed over their passports to Kallu and also paid him Rs 30,000 each,\" said a police officer. In June, Shaikh and three others flew to Malaysia but were deported soon after the forged visas came to light. The accused filed a police complaint and the case was transferred to the EOW. The police claimed the accused have cheated many others using the same modus operandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708179", "title": "Celebrating the spirit of Kolkata with Ei Samay", "text": "Cactus, Chandrabindoo, Fossils and Lakkhichara have come together! No, it's not for a concert. They have united to celebrate the changing times with Ei Samay, the soon-to-be launched Bengali newspaper from The Times of India group.Joining the band of boys were Anupam Roy, as lyricist and composer, and filmmaker Sujoy Ghosh as they shot the video for the brand anthem, Ei Samay, amar samay. But obviously, it was more masti than work on the sets! Says Sujoy, \"Everything was well-planned, so we didn't have any problem shooting with so many bands. In the video, we've tried to focus on life with all its beautiful shades. The essence of Kolkata hasn't changed with time, just that it appears in a new avatar every time. So you see a woman kicking a football or somebody connecting via social media during a roker adda.\"Time to seize the day!  Meanwhile, Gabu of Lakkhichhara is happy that after a long time the entire band had united for a shoot. About his experience, he says, \"There was a tricky moment for us when we were asked to climb an iron ladder to shoot on a rooftop. Since all my band guys are in superb states of fitness, we panicked. But the way Sujoyda handled everything, hats off to him and his unit.\"Rupam Islam , who is also all praise for Sujoy, says, \"It was brilliant working with him. He's really particular about details. There's a lot to learn from him.\" Sidhu, on his part, says, \"It was always our dream to perform in front of a wall graphiti. So we had a blast shooting the video. The production unit was so organized \u2014 everybody knew exactly what was required of them.\"From wall graphiti to the serene shores of Ganga, Sujoy has ensured that the best sites as well as sights of the city are projected in the video. Says Anindya, \"We had a thrilling experience while shooting by the Ganga. Since we were canning the shots by the circular rail tracks, we kept an eye out for any approaching train. Incidentally, the moment our shot was done, we saw a train happily chugging towards us.\" You can also keep a track of the changing times. Catch the video on YouTube and be a part of the magic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705550", "title": "Urban ecology policy can make a difference", "text": "PUNE: Unplanned expansion of the city, changing land use, depleting forest cover, loss of productive agricultural land, increasing rainfall runoff, and depletion of the water table in the last few years have highlighted the need for an urban ecology policy in the Development Plan (DP) for 2007-2027.According to experts, an urban ecology policy will help understand urban systems in the city and mitigate environmental degradation. Correlation between changing land-use patterns, pressure on infrastructure and its impact on availability of water, green spaces and the role in local climate change and weather patterns form the core of urban ecology.Those working in sustainable urbanization insist that people must understand how urban systems function and how and to what extent they impact and are affected by global or regional processes. Urban ecology investigates the interrelations between environmental compartments and human activities such as construction, production, housing, and transport. It also gives hints about where and how the urban environment may be protected from further harm, and how environmental quality and physical human living conditions may be improved.However, city environmentalists are unhappy with the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) process of drawing up the DP. \"The civic body is engaged in routine exercises to revise the 1987 DP. Officials involved in the process have not consulted experts. There has been massive construction in the last few years and there has been a huge turnover of raw materials, energy and other resources which have generated a huge environmental impact. Renewability of resources and recycling and reuse of products and raw materials must be a part of the DP. However, one cannot hope much from the PMC, which is interested in carrying out a regular process,\" said an environmentalist, requesting anonymity. He added that the civic administration has kept civic activists and experts at bay and all consultation process has stopped in the last few years.City engineer Prashant Waghmare said that the civic body has considered all factors while preparing the DP and the civic administration has touched upon all the facets of urbanization. \"The DP is being discussed by the City Improvement Committee after which it will be tabled before the general body for final approval. There is scope to incorporate citizens' and experts' suggestions during the hearings,\" he said.BJP city unit president and corporator Vikas Mathkari said, \"The city has grown haphazardly and no attention is being paid to the environmental degradation. The rivers are almost dead, greenery is under threat and hilltops and slopes are encroached upon. The ruling party has no will to make a comprehensive DP and include issues like urban ecology.\"The world over, cities have focused on urban ecology. Gunnar Soderholm, director with Stockholm's environment and health administration, says that cities should have a complete vision for development and sustainable growth. Soderholm insisted that there is need to build a broad consensus on sustainable development of cities and urban ecology - that is the interaction between people and the environment in urban and residential contexts, including the inter-relationship between natural and artificial flows of energy and natural resources.\"In 2006, a process started in Stockholm in which all the city's departments, administrations and companies, along with several external partners, took part in formulating a long-term, complete vision for Stockholm's development and for sustainable growth. The project was named Vision Stockholm 2030,\" he added. It is necessary to assess the flow and circulation of raw materials at all levels of use, individual, in local communities and overall in cities, and adapt their use accordingly. This involves a wide-scale process of transition which is unlikely to take place overnight.Experts have insisted that ecology should be considered when the local body approves constructions which give birth to untamed urbanization. Urban ecology is directly related to infrastructure development. Urbanization in Pune district is among the highest in the state with over 57.39 lakh city-dwellers, the newly released provisional Census 2011 data shows.When matched with the total population of 94.26 lakh in the state, census data showed that 60.88% people are concentrated in urban areas of Pune district, up from 58.08% in 2001. On the other hand, population in rural areas was 36.87 lakh, falling from 41.92% in 2001 to 39.11% in 2011.Urban growth is inevitable, according to social experts. Many perceive it as a stepping stone to prosperity boosting economic growth, but it has also led to poverty, unemployment , lack of proper housing and sanitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16706217", "title": "PRTC to maintain records of each bus", "text": "PATIALA: In a new initiative aimed at improving the financial condition of Punjab Roadways Transport Corporation (PRTC), Patiala, the special committee of public undertaking of Punjab Assembly has recommended to maintain separate account of each bus to thoroughly asses the performance of employees.PRTC has around 1,023 buses, out of which 255 are plying under kilometre scheme. Authorities have been maintaining separate accounts of these 255 buses as they have to pay to owners of these vehicles, which have been given to PRTC under scheme. But for remaining buses, PRTC authorities have been maintaining joint account and assessing performance jointly.When the team inspected all records of PRTC it came to light that the not only monthly losses has come down from Rs 2.50 crore to Rs 35 lakh after April, but daily collection too has increased from Rs 55 lakh to Rs 70 lakh during same period.\"Records show that things are improving in PRTC, but lot remains to be done. We have recommended to maintain separate account of each bus so that authorities could check thoroughly the performance of each bus and staff. If PRTC ha record of each bus separately, it can take corrective measures,\" said Iqbal Singh Jhoonda, Akali MLA, who led the team.PRTC has total around 4,000 employees and 3,500 pensioners. Some senior officers claimed that department has been without required clerical staff as government has not recruited people for the past many years. Due to shortage of staff the employees struggle in completing the official work every month and many pensioners have knocked the doors of Punjab and Haryana high court due to delay in the payment of their pension.\"The new recommendation of maintaining separate account of each bus without getting any new staff may bring more serious trouble for department,\" said a senior officer, declining to be named. PRTC managing director D P S Kharbanda confirmed the recommendation. \"We would follow this after government pass orders to that effect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16704336", "title": "Noida residents have dark start to weekend", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad did not have a perfect start to their weekend as power cuts continued unabated throughout Saturday. In Ghaziabad, repeated load-sheddings were reported right from the morning, ranging from three to six hours. Vasundhara, Vaishali and Indirapuram were the worst affected.Venting their ire at Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited, residents allege that unscheduled cuts for several hours are quite common. \"Our daily lives revolve around the generosity of the corporation because we plan our activities according to its load-shedding schedule,\" said U B Garg, a resident of Sector 11 in Vasundhara. \"The unscheduled power cuts ruin our routines completely. We end up spending a lot on back-up systems,\" he added.Residents say inadequate power supply may be caused either by the transmission wing's failure to build adequate infrastructure or inability of discoms to curb theft and misuse, but the situation has not changed in the past two decades.This also hampers their professional life, residents allege. \"My patients, who have to be treated by using electrical appliances, would wait for power to be restored,\" said Dr Pavan Kumar Gautam, who stays in Vaishali. \"The corporation also comes up with one or the other excuse for the power failure,\" he added.In Greater Noida, there was no power in the Omega sector from 9am on Saturday while Sectors Alpha, Beta and Gamma did not have electricity from 10am. \"Supply was restored around 1pm,\" said Vikram Kasana of the Evergreen Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida.The local discom had assured the residents last year that supply would be normal by October 10. However, that seems unlikely now with the city being denied an additional supply for 30 MW of electricity. \"After a protest, we were assured that supply would improve once a substation in RC Greens had been upgraded. But it does not seem likely now because supply has come down,\" said Kasana. In Noida, outages of over five hours were reported in residential sectors. Sources in the power corporation said the outages were scheduled on an emergency basis by its head office in Lucknow.\"It is unviable for middle-income families to keep aside substantial portions from their monthly income to get power from alternative sources,\" said S M Singh, president of the Federation of RWAs of Sector 62. \"Rampant use of diesel-run generator sets also result in air and noise pollution,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16708003", "title": "Theatre festival to be organized in Chandigarh from tomorrow", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It would be a comic start of the week with City based Theatre Group, Theatre Arts, Chandigarh all set to stage three satirical plays in a two days theatre festival to be organized on October 8 and 9 at Tagore Theatre at 6.30 pm daily.On Monday (October 8), Theatre Arts Production's 'Lottery' based upon classic story lottery written by Indian writer Munshi Prem Chand and directed by Yogesh Arora will be staged. The play is a comedy satire on how the blood relations change their attitude and affection towards each other when suddenly large amount or money unexpectedly comes in a family.The second play to be staged on Monday would be 'Dr Palta' which has been written by Balwant Gargi and would be staged under the direction of Gaurav Sharma. It would be a production of Citi Entertainment network. The play is again a comedy satire of human nature to show off about their status in society.On Tuesday October 9 comedy play Maza Ban Zaye na Saja written by Dr Anand Parkash Mishra and Directed by Irfan Ahmed will be staged. It is a presentation of Sazag Natya Manch, Shajahanpur (Uttar Pradesh) headed by their director Satyender Kumar Shukla. The play is a comedy satire on burning problem of aids in the society. It also depicts the plight or Bar Dancers in India. Entry is free passes can be collected from Tagore Theatre.Theatre Arts Chandigarh, a group solely devoted to creative use of Theatre by Artists, playwrights, music directors and folk singers has been staging theatre productions since last 14 years throughout the world. Widely acclaimed international theatre productions include, Shree Ram Leela, Shree Krishan Leela, Banda Singh Bahadur and Samjhauta Express a train to peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705450", "title": "Rise in number of chikungunya patients", "text": "VADODARA: With six more samples testing positive for chikungunya virus, the number of people suffering from the debilitating fever in Shinor taluka has risen to ten. Till Friday, four persons were confirmed to be suffering from the fever after results of their blood samples from SSG hospitals turned out to be positive.District health officer. Dr B R Solanki, who visited Shinor on Saturday said only one more person was reported with symptoms similar to chikungunya, ie., fever accompanied by joint pains. \"His sample has been sent for testing to SSG,\" he said, adding that the ongoing medical camp had been extended for a few more days in the taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16704872", "title": "No Israeli consulate in high-rise, say cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Security experts say the proposed Israeli consulate in Bangalore should ideally be housed in an independent building where the movement of people can be restricted.\"There should be direct access to the building. It has to be secured with other measures, like barbed wire on the compound. Surveillance cameras are required to check the movement of people around it. And the building should be secured independently,\" said a security official, adding that any building with an Israeli connection is a high-risk one. \"Let's learn from the 26/11 terror attack on Chabad House in Mumbai.\"During weekends, Brigade Gateway, where the consulate is proposed, is full of shoppers and visitors. \"We can't keep a check on everyone who comes to the mall for shopping. It'll be a security risk to run the consulate there. We have suggested an independent villa or bungalow as it'll be a lesser security risk for both diplomatic staff and police,\" said an officer.Israel faces multi-pronged security threats from Islamist terror outfits. \"More than the US, it is Israel which has highly attack-prone installations in the world,\" sources said.Israel, which has had diplomatic ties with India for two decades, announced its plans to open a consulate in Bangalore by 2012-end. This followed external affairs minister SM Krishna's visit to that country in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16705003", "title": "\u2018Ketamine best for those immune to other drugs\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Ketamine, a party drug, can be used to treat depression. Anti-depressants are helpful for a majority of patients, but there are some who are resistant to all known medication. Stimulants or even narcotics such as ketamine come in here.But not all doctors are euphoric about the use of ketamine, better known as party drug Special K, for depression. Dr Sanjay Kumawat, who was formerly the medical superintendent of Thane Mental Hospital, said there is no knowing when the use of such stimulants could turn into addiction. \"Depression also has a social or familial aspect that cannot be helped by ketamine,\" he added.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty said the idea of treating depressed patients was to get them into euthymia or good mood. \"The aim isn't to put them on hypomania status (a level just below mania). Ketamine or any stimulant would change one's mood much beyond normal,\" he added.But some doctors point out that stimulants have long been used to treat depression. \"Ketamine is a well-known temporary anti-depressant for people who don't respond to other medicines,\" said Delhi-based psychiatrist Sunil Mittal, adding that it's a tradeoff between severe disabling depression and the side-effects of stimulants that include hallucination and memory loss.Jaslok Hospital's Dr Shamsah Sonawalla said: \"As it is a stimulant, ketamine's dramatic effect on depressed patients is not surprising. It can hold a ray of hope for treatment of depression only when its safety issues are ironed out.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704780", "title": "IAF's Maintenance Command to strengthen ties with private players", "text": "NAGPUR: As the Indian Air Force (IAF) celebrates its 80th anniversary, its Maintenance Command headquartered in the city is looking forward to increasing partnership with the private sector so as to beef up indigenization of military hardware. Currently, almost 70% of the spares and other equipment are imported. In the long run, the command aims to reverse this. Taking a step in this direction, a seminar involving representatives of the corporate sector was recently held at the command's headquarters.Addressing a press conference, Air-Officer Commander-in-Chief (AOC-in-C) of the Headquarters Maintenance Command (HGMC), Air Marshall Jagdish Chandra, said that IAF is in the process of major transformation with induction of modern aircraft and support system as well as upgradation of infrastructure. \"In the light of recent developments, the Maintenance Command is putting up concerted efforts to beef up in-house production capabilities and is actively engaged in exploring the potential of the industry players,\" he said.He said that cyber security is a new dimension of the threat to national security. \"The IAF is also taking steps to counter any attempt to hack the security websites.\"The command plans to achieve new landmarks in not only the core business of maintenance of aircraft, radars and air defence systems, but also logistics management and infrastructure growth, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16711149", "title": "Corporators criticise civic officials", "text": "PUNE: Corporators severely criticised the functioning of the civic administration of the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation's Kasarwadi-Bhosari divisional office at the Zone C meeting. The corporators alleged that civic officials were neglecting complaints made by them about civic works.Zone C in PCMC limits includes areas of Bhosari, Dighi, Dapodi, Charholi, Dudulgaon and other areas. NCP corporator Seema Phuge from Bhosari raised the issue of unauthorised parking of vehicles, lack of cleanliness in the ward, and hawkers encroaching on the space below the flyover on Pune-Nashik at Bhosari. She also pointed out that number of unauthorised huts have occupied an open plot opposite the Ankush Landge auditorium along the Pune-Nashik highway. Alleging that civic officials are not taking any action on the complaints, Phuge has threatened to sit on a hunger strike.Another NCP corporator Rama Ovhal from Dapodi said that the residents of SNS colony, Pawar vasti, Kaluram Kate chawl are getting contaminated drinking water for more than five days. The drainage lines in these areas have choked up and there is major water logging due to heavy rains. She too alleged that the civic officials are not taking any action to solve the problems.When contacted Dilip Bamb, Zone C officer said, \"The Zone C has taken action on the complaints of corporators. The water supply department will be laying a new water pipeline to solve the water contamination problem in Dapodi''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16704743", "title": "MLA's nephew among 5 who beat up policemen", "text": "GURGAON: Three persons were arrested on charges of beating up an assistant sub-inspector and his associate at a police checkpoint late on Friday night. Two others, including the nephew of a local MLA, managed to flee the spot.\"We have lodged an FIR against the three who were produced in a city court on Saturday and sent in judicial custody. We will arrest the two other accused soon,\" said a senior police officer. The incident took place near HUDA City Centre Metro station around 11.40pm. According to police, ASI Rajkumar and his associate Krishan Kumar were deployed at a checkpoint near the Metro station on Friday night. They were checking cars for drunk driving and stopped an Alto car and found the driver had more alcohol in his system than the legally permissible limit.ASI Rajkumar issued a challan to him but the violator called someone on the phone. After half an hour four youths, including the Badhsapur constituency MLA's nephew, reached the spot in an Innova car. Cops alleged that the MLA's nephew had threatened them over the challan to his friend.When contacted, MLA Rao Dharmpal acknowledged that Ravindra was his nephew but denied knowledge of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704495", "title": "Trafficked teen alleges sexual abuse by Delhi doctor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl, trafficked to the city from Assam's Kokrajhar district, on Saturday alleged that an established Punjabi Bagh doctor - her employer - had been physically abusing her for the past year. \"We've filed a case, but are yet to arrest the doctor. We're waiting for more proof,\" V Renganathan, additional CP (west) said.The girl - rescued by the police and NGO Shakti Vahini from the doctor's Punjabi Bagh flat - said after her traffickers brought her to Delhi, they sold her to a placement agency, which got her a job at her current employer's home. She has been working for him for three years.The girl told counsellors that she was in Class IV when she was taken away from home. She has three sisters and a brother. \"Someone called Benoy got her to Delhi. He sold the girl's parents a dream of getting their daughter a good job in Delhi for a year, after which she'd be brought back home. Her employer hasn't allowed her to go home even once, not even when her father fell seriously ill and died,\" a police officer said.Once her maternal aunt called the doctor's mobile phone, sources said. But she wasn't allowed to talk to the girl. Instead, the employer was rude and acted tough with the aunt ordering her never to call again. The employer subsequently changed his number.The girl told counsellors that her employer had exploited her sexually at least four times. She was administered some pills, but didn't have any clue to what they were. She didn't tell anyone about her trauma fearing nobody would believe her and she'd be fired. Later, she summoned courage and informed another maid who comes to work at the doctor's house. It was this maid who contacted the NGO.The exploited girl was supposed to be paid Rs 1,400 a month in the first year of her employment, Rs 1500 per month in the second. Now, she's supposed to get Rs 2,000. But this year, her mother has received only Rs 6,000 so far, she said. The employer is supposed to deposit the money in a bank account, but she doesn't know if he actually does it. The Child was produced before the Child welfare Committee and given shelter at the Children's' Home.In another incident, Childline has saved six children from being trapped into working at construction sites. They are between 12 and 16 years of age and have been in Delhi for the past six months to four years. The children have been kept at the Salam Balak Trust. They told the police that they were promised Rs 300 for each day of work, but were eventually paid Rs 500 for an entire week.The girl was in Class IV when she was taken away from home in Assam . She has three sisters and a brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16705994", "title": "An evening soaked in soul touching classical tunes", "text": "MANGALORE: Hundreds of music buffs swayed to the brilliant performance of musicians - Reinhard Armleder, a cellist and Dagmar Hartman, a pianist, at Bishop Jathanna auditorium on Saturday evening.The hour-long western classical instrumental music performance was organized by Karnataka Christian Communication Service and Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany, Bangalore.Reinghard and Dagmar of Southwest Germany are popularly known as Karlsruhe duo in the music fraternity. During the concert, the crowd got a peek into the in-depth music knowledge of the duo. The specialty of the concert was that amplifiers and speakers were not used.Earlier after inaugurating the concert, Deputy Consul General of Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany, Hans Gunter Loffler, said these concerts strengthen various educational and economic tie-up between India and Germany.Reinhard and Dagmar have won first prizes in several international competitions and in 2000 and 2001, and have played in 'Verbeir Festival Orchestra'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16707421", "title": "Indian navy successfully test-fires BrahMos supersonic cruise missile", "text": "PANAJI: The Navy today successfully test-fired the 290-km range BrahMos supersonic cruise missile, capable of carrying a conventional warhead of 300 kg, from a warship off the Goa coast.\"The cruise missile was test-fired from guided missile frigate INS Teg--the Indian Navy's latest induction from Russia off the coast of Goa early morning,\" sources told .They said the missile performing high-level manoeuvres successfully hit the target ship which was still on fire.The INS Teg, which has been built at the Yantar shipyard in Russia, had fired the missile successfully during pre-induction trials in Russia last year.The two remaining warships of the project namely INS Tarkah and INS Trikand will also be armed with the lethal missile in vertical launch mode.The two-stage missile, the first one being solid and the second one ramjet liquid propellant, has already been inducted into the Army and Navy, and the Air Force version is in final stage of trial, a defence official said.While induction of the first version of Brahmos missile system in the Indian Navy commenced from 2005 with INS Rajput, it is now fully operational with two regiments of the Army.The air launch version and the submarine launch version of the missile system are in progress, he said.The Army has so far placed orders for the Brahmos missile to be deployed by three regiments of the Army and two of them have already been inducted operationally.The Defence Ministry has also given a go-ahead to Army to induct a third regiment equipped with the missile system to be deployed in Arunachal Pradesh.Brahmos Aerospace, an Indo-Russian joint venture company, is also working to develop the air as well as the submarine launch version of the missile system and work on the project is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16706289", "title": "Following movies maoists ban Indian agricultural products", "text": "BAHRAICH: Following the ban on the Indian vehicles and screening of Hindi movies, the Maoists have started imposing ban on the Indian agricultural products. The Maoists stated that such agricultural products, which are produced in Nepal would not be allowed to be imported from India and as a protest the Maoists of Mohan Baidh group has started distributing anti-India pamphlets. They have termed India a nation involved in corruption, black-marketing and smuggling.Mohan Baidh has already submitted a 70 points demand letter to the Nepali Prime Minister Baburam Bhattrai, most of these demands are anti-India. In the agitation going on for the past seven days the Maoists are sticking to their demands despite several warning by the government. The Maoists are all set to impose ban on import of vegetables, milk, fish, banana and eggs from India as they are of the view that they are self-independent on these products.The situation is not coming under control in Nepal as no improvement in the current situation of Nepal was seen on Friday, the 7th day of the Maoist's agitation. However the government has beefed up the security of the tourists and the goods carrier going to Nepal. The government have entrusted the responsibility to every in-charge of the police stations that they would ensure the vehicles reach to the next police station area with proper security. As the festival of Dussehra is coming closer in Nepal, the Nepali citizens are getting restless. The situation of Nepal is no improving for the last seven days. The Maoists of Mohan Baidh group is all set for the agitation. The Indian vehicles could not enter Nepal in the routine way .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705512", "title": "Now, MUHS to have additional convocationevery year", "text": "PUNE: Medical graduates from the state, who are bound for higher studies or jobs in foreign countries, will no more have to wait till April every year to get their degree certificates from the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS).Starting this year, the Nashik-headquartered MUHS, which is the umbrella university for all government-run, aided and unaided health sciences colleges in the state, barring deemed universities, has decided to have an additional convocation in October or November every year for conferring degree, diploma and special academic achievement certificates to students.\"A decision to this effect was taken by the MUHS management council, which met recently for a final time before the end of its term on October 5, under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Arun Jamkar,\" MUHS public relations officer Swapnil Torne told TOI on Saturday. \"The additional convocation will not be like the regular convocation function, but degree/diploma certificates will be conferred in absentia to the eligible students with approval from the university statutory bodies and the chancellor,\" he said.As a beginning of this initiative, the university has conferred degree/diplomas to total 6,961 students who cleared their May/June 2012 exams and have completed their internship before October 4. \"The documents have been sent to the respective health sciences colleges,\" Torne said.Apart from medical and dental colleges, the MUHS is the affiliating university for homeopathy , ayurveda , unani and siddha, and allied health sciences institutions like nursing, occupational therapy , physiotherapy and so on, in the state.The provisions under the MUHS Act and regulations make it mandatory that a degree/diploma has to be conferred at a convocation ceremony, which is held in April every year. Normally, a medical degree course takes four years to complete, following which students are bonded for a year-long internship programme. It is only after the internship that they become eligible to receive a degree/diploma for their course.\"This year, the regular convocation was held on April 26. But, a large number of students were left out of this process as they could not complete their internship for varied reasons like sick leave, foreign trip or break,\" Torne said.\"Students who plan for higher studies or seek a job abroad are often required to wait till April next year to get their degree certificate, which causes undue inconvenience. The MUHS had been issuing a provisional degree certificate, but it does not always work, owing to the issue of authenticity sought by foreign admission providers or employers,\" he said. \"The management council took a view on these issues and decided to hold an additional convocation in October or November every year so that the students are not inconvenienced.\"Usually, students are required to apply for grant of degree/diploma certificate at the regular convocation ceremony. In their application they have to mention whether they are attending or not attending the ceremony. Those not attending the ceremony are conferred their degree/diplomas in absentia at the regular convocation. \"However, in case of additional convocation, all degree/diplomas will be conferred in absentia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705334", "title": "Court orders security for Jaiswal\u2019s opponent", "text": "KANPUR: Chief Metropolitan Magistrate of Kanpur City on Saturday asked senior cops and district administration to take appropriate measures in providing security to Anita Dua, general secretary of 'Lakshya', a social organisation that had filed a complaint case against union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on October 3.Earlier, Dua submitted affidavit to the CMM and stated on oath that some of the supporters and followers of union coal minister had threatened her. Anita stated that on October 4 when she had appeared in the court for hearing some advocates and Congress workers had threatened her to withdraw the case or be ready for dire consequences. Apprehension threat to her life she urged the court to direct the police to take steps for her safety.Dua had complained to the court that union coal minister had passed a derogatory remark on housewives, due to which, married lives of two members of her association were destroyed. Anita had moved an application before the court to this effect on April 5, and on directions of the court submitted her affidavit in support of her claim. The presiding judge asked senior district officials to take steps for the safety of Dua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16704800", "title": "80,000 letters posted to CM for liquor ban in Chanda", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: It seems the liquor ban movement in Chandrapur is gaining ground day by day. On Saturday, as many as 80,000 letters were posted to Maharashtra chief minister demanding liquor ban in the district.Hundreds of women from rural parts led by president of Shramik Elgar Paromita Goswami and Dr Rani Bang took out protest rally in town. Ex-MLA and senior Shetkari Sanghatna leader Wamanrao Chatap and Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti chief Kishor Tiwari too participated in the rally. After the rally, the participating women posted 80,000 letters to CM Prithviraj Chavan.Addressing the rally Gandhian activist and Maharashtra Bhushan Awardee, Dr Rani Bang, blamed Chavan for keeping the issue lingering for two years. She called upon the women to not to loose hope and intensify their agitation further.\"Assembly elections are due in 2014. Use your vote as a weapon. If government refuses to impose liquor ban in Chandrapur, don't give your vote to the government,\" she said. She set December 31 deadline for implementation the ban and held that if government fails to do so, she would lead the women to seal liquor shops.Dr Rani and her husband Dr Abhay, who run social project SEARCH in Gadchiroli, are the pioneer of liquor ban in Gadchiroli district. Recently, both had called upon the state government to impose the ban. Abhay was also member of the committee instituted by government to study prohibition possibilities in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "16705845", "title": "Kanaksinh Mangrola to rejoin BJP today", "text": "BHARUCH: Kshatriya leader Kanaksinh Mangrola is set to rejoin BJP on Sunday at Valia in the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi . The Swami Vivekananda Vikas Yatra of chief minister is scheduled to enter Bharuch district during the day. Modi is scheduled to address a public meeting at Valia, Ankleshwar and Bharuch on Sunday.Mangrola had been a Rajya Sabha MP of the BJP from 1994 onward before leaving it during the Khajuraho episode. He had been a Congress and Janata Dal member also and lastly contested the 2009 Parliamentary elections from Bharuch on Samajwadi Party ticket. When contacted Mangrola said, \"Several senior BJP leaders had asked me to join the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "drive against ticketless passengers", "code": "16706353", "title": "NER conducts drive against ticketless rail passengers", "text": "Drive against ticketless passengers: Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway on Saturday conducted a drive against ticketless travellers on Aishbagh-Sitapur-Lakhimpurkheri section. Ticketless travellers were caught travelling in train number 15310 Aishbagh-Bareilly-Ruhelkhand Express, 52250 Aishbagh-Mailani Passenger, 15319 Sanctuary Express, 15242 Aishbagh-Mailani Passenger and 15313 Aishbagh-Bareilly Express. As many as 53 passengers were caughttravelling either without tickets or with unbooked luggage or illegally in sleeper coaches. Railways recovered Rs 35,000 as fine from the defaulters. At least eight of the passengers were sent to jail for not paying the fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706010", "title": "Mahesh, Amita bags Mr, Miss titles", "text": "BHOPAL: Mahesh Khodankar (IES College of Pharmacy) and Amita Patel (Truba College) won the Mr and Miss titles respectively during the pharmacy festival 'Ignite-2' organsied at IES college of Pharmacy on Saturday. Around 250 students of 40 different pharmacy colleges participated in the seminar. The events, included power point presentation, poster making, quiz competition, one-minute game show and dance competition. Besides, a fashion show was organised where students took to the ramp in attractive attires. Neha Salvi of MVM College bagged the first position in the dance competition while Rahul Jaiswal of IES college came second.JICM workshop: The two-day workshop organised by JICM on event planning and production for the under-graduate students concluded on Saturday. As part of the I-connect and the USP of JICM providing the practical knowledge through its add-on certifications, the workshop was to make students aware of the technicalities and possibilities that the event as a career has to offer. Grishma Shah, head, Percept Talent Management speaking on the occasion said, \"Being in events for a couple of years now, I can say that it has immense potential in terms of intellectual properties, upcoming reality shows and others. Participants from various different colleges like Leeds Met India, BSSS, IEHE, Sarojini Naidu, IHM and others took part in the workshop.Seminar on cybercrime: With the objective of providing information on latest technological developments, NRI-Institute of Research and Technology organised a seminar on 'cybercrime and securities'. The event was organised in association with Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) and Opera Software. The seminar was conducted by Rakshit Tondon, advisor in cybercrime Uttar Pradesh Police. He is also a faculty at the Police Academy, Moradabad (UP). He interacted with the students and the staff present in the seminar and shared some fruitful tips on be safe from cybercrimes and hacking.SCOPE students visit: In order to enhance managerial skills and knowledge, MBA students of SCOPE college of engineering, Bhopal visited Nahar Spinning Mills, Mandideep. Nahar is a leading Indian multinational industry engaged in yarn production and export. Students learned about methods of production and operations management, plant location and layout planning, process planning and optimization of production outputs. They also learned about different industrial policies, team management and leadership styles in an industrial unit. Nirmal Agrawal, manager, utility and power plant briefed about various activities being performed in the industry. Students also visited different units of industry to enrich their knowledge in the field of industrial manufacturing and management.Quiz competition: Sarojini Naidu PG girls college stood first in the quiz competition organised during the youth festival of Barkatullah University at Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) on Saturday. BHEL College won the second position while BSSS team came third. Quiz master, Aamir Mehboob tested the students to the participating teams including topics on history and current affairs. BSSS principal, Fr Joseph PP congratulated the winners and distributed certificates to the participants. Vice-principal Sr Johnsy and others were present, on the occasion.Robotics competition: Team of Sistec engineering college won the zonal-level robotics competition organised at People's Engineering College on Friday. According to organizers the second and third position went to People's college. Around 130 students from 25 engineering colleges of Bhopal participated in the event. The winners of the competition awarded merit certificate. The winner of the competition will participate in the TRYST 2013 which will be held in IIT, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705876", "title": "Girl fights back a drunkard", "text": "SURAT: Aneri Patel (23) had a fractured hand yet on Friday night she fought back a drunkard, who was trying to enter her house. Aneri, a software engineer, not only saved her family members but also held the miscreant for almost four minutes till she received help from neighbours.Aneri had sustained a crack in her hand and leg earlier after she fell from a staircase. A rod had been placed in her hand. Aneri's family had gone to sleep at their house near Alankar Talkies near railway station when the incident happened.At around 1.30 am, she had gone to the bathroom. She spotted a man entering her house. She shouted \"Who is there?\"The miscreant hit a stick on her head. Her mother woke up hearing the commotion and so did the watchman of the nearby talkies and neighbours. They arrived at her house and caught hold of the miscreant. He was thrashed by them and handed over to police.Aneri was taken for MRI on Saturday. \"The person was drunk. I found it difficult to hold him for long. I was thinking only about the safety of my family,\" said Aneri, an employee of an industry in Hazira.\"It was an inspirational act by the girl. This when she is injured. She fought with the miscreant and got him arrested,\" said Jagdish Italiya, member of Drashtikon, a group of amateur photographers of which Aneri is a member.Meanwhile, police have released the accused on Saturday. \"No one was ready to give a police complaint against him. Thus he was released,\" police inspector, Mahidharpura police station, K C Rajput said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704964", "title": "Physical, technical inspection must for transport vehicles", "text": "NAGPUR: If state transport commissioner VN More's directives are any indication, getting fitness certificate for a transport vehicle will not be easy in Maharashtra. More has issued a circular directing RTOs across the state not to issue fitness certificate before conducting both physical and technical inspection of transport vehicles like autorickshaws, taxis, school buses and tankers.More issued the circular after the Bombay High Court's observation that the motor vehicle inspectors should issue fitness certificate only after physical inspection of the transport vehicle.The high court had observed: \"The authorities should ensure that inspection of the vehicle must be carried out as per norms and effectively and it is only when the inspector is satisfied that the vehicle fulfils all the conditions and norms, in such circumstances, certificate of fitness should be issued in respect of the vehicle\". The HC further stated that no certificate of fitness should be issued to a vehicle unless the appropriate verification and checks are carried out by the inspector as per the norms and procedure applicable in this regard.According to RTO, Nagpur, Sarjerao Shelke, the circular will be very helpful. \"The transport commissioner has formulated a standard table for various kinds of mandatory tests that are conducted on all types of vehicles. Till date the inspector only carried out physical inspection, while technical aspects were by-and-large overlooked,\" said Shelke.An average motor vehicle inspector productively works for seven hours a day, which can be used to complete maximum vehicle inspections. As per the table, it would take 10 to 24 minutes to inspect a vehicle depending on its type - autorickshaw, carriage vehicles, heavy vehicles and buses.In Nagpur, authorized automobile workshops will be assigned to conduct the test, said Shelke, adding, \"On the basis of certificates given by these workshops, the motor vehicle inspectors will cross check the condition of the various components of the vehicle such as brakes, headlights, safety equipment, test various parts and scrutinize the documents before issuing the fitness certificate.\"Giving an example to explain the importance of the tests, Shelke said that just proper illumination of the headlamp can help avoid road mishaps. \"The transport inspector will not issue the fitness certificate even if the rear mirror, brakelights and spare wheel are not in good condition,\" said Shelke.However, sources criticised the circular stating that the department is reeling under severe manpower crunch. \"It will not be possible to spare 10 to 24 minutes for one vehicle as the city has approximately 70,000 transport vehicles including 18,000 autorickshaws, 1,500 buses and 3,000 tourist cabs,\" they said.Highlights:Road map*Bombay High Court had observed that fitness certificate should be issued only after physical inspection of the transport vehicle*State transport commissioner VN More issues directives to RTOs across the state*As per the table for mandatory tests, it would take 10 to 24 minutes to inspect a vehicle depending on its type*In Nagpur, authorized automobile workshops will be assigned to conduct the test, which will be cross-checked by the motor vehicle inspector", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16705170", "title": "Device to curb talking on phone while driving", "text": "CHENNAI: Appalled at the frequent accidents caused by people speaking on mobile phones while driving, three higher secondary students of a city school have devised a system that would set off a chain of light and sound effects to alert police.A Harishma, M Monisha and V Ethiraj of Kaligi Ranganathan Montfort Matriculation HS School said the accident involving a bus at Gemini flyover in June got them thinking. \"We are not sure if the bus driver was speaking on the phone when the accident happened, but it's not a risk we can take,\" said Ethiraj. The students took up the project with advice from physics teacher S Alphonse.The vehicle mobile indicator alarm activates parking lights in a car and there is an ear-splitting sound inside and outside the car whenever a mobile phone within one feet of the driver's seat receives a call. \"Even a fraction of a second counts when a person is moving on the road, so we don't want people to run the risk of getting into an accident or causing one even if the call lasts only a few seconds,\" said Harishma.The driver can prevent this by keeping the phone far away or giving it to others in the car to answer. Once the alarm is triggered it can be shut off only if the ignition is stopped. \"The system is active when the vehicle is in ignition. This will ensure the driver pulls over to answer the phone,\" Ethiraj said.The students said they first planned it so that the vehicle's ignition is cut off as soon as the driver's phone receives an incoming call or if he makes an outgoing call. They changed the project, realising it would cause havoc on roads. The device comprises two integrated circuits \u2014 one to receive microwave signals when the phone receives a call or when an outgoing call is made. The second IC amplifies the signal and feeds it to the relay system, which triggers the alarm and the parking signal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704571", "title": "Passenger held with pistol at Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A passenger was detained at Rajouri Garden Metro Station on Saturday afternoon after a country-made pistol was recovered from him. CISF officials said that the 20-year-old passenger, Mukdar Bharadwaj, a resident of Moradabad, was stopped at 3.51pm after a pistol was found in his bag during x-ray screening. He was handed over to Delhi Metro Rail Police.Around the same time, a CISF assistant sub-inspector, who was proceeding on leave, chased and caught a thief at New Delhi Railway Station after he snatched her bag. Jigyasa, the ASI, was waiting for Poorva Express at 3.40pm when the accused snatched her bag and started running. She chased and caught him and handed him over to the railway police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704860", "title": "Seven-year jail for man for raping minor sister-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Saturday sentenced a man to rigorous imprisonment of seven years and fined him Rs2,000 and another four months of jail in default for raping his minor sister-in-law who was dependent on him as her parents had died. Lalit Bhangale was convicted for the charges under section 376 of Indian Penal Code that were filed by Hudkeshwar police against him in 2009.Victim Usha (name changed), despite being exploited by a close kin, had tried to shield him first before the police and subsequently during trial for the sheer reason that her elder sister's family life was not spoilt. Usha was four months shy of turning 16 and a Std X student when Bhangale raped her which resulted in a pregnancy.Usha's maternal uncle Ghanshyam Gaidhane, who was arrested earlier, has been acquitted in the case as his role in the matter was not proved. It was a DNA test that brought relief to Gaidhane and shifted the charge to Bhangale after his exhibit matched with that of the girl's foetus which was collected after abortion.The court, it is learnt, allowed the law of the land to prevail sending the man to jail for ignoring moral responsibility and engaged in an act which led to the pregnancy of a girl who was already caught in a difficult situation in life at a tender age having to stay in a government home for children in need of care and protection.The case had an interesting twist in the beginning after it was registered on August 1, 2009. The police had registered the case of rape after the government shelter home authorities had informed them that Usha was found 16 weeks and five days pregnant following a check-up during a regular medical camp.On the following day, police arrested Gaidhane as he had taken away Usha for a family function at his place in Nagpur. Gaidhane was charged for rape as it came to fore that Usha had stayed with him for two months for the family function. After it, Gaidhane had dropped the girl back to the shelter home.The then senior inspector of Hudkeshwar police station PV Bele had discovered the fact that it was not Gaidhane but Bhangale who was responsible for the girl's pregnancy. It was learnt that some days after Gaidhane had dropped the girl to the shelter, Bhangale had taken the girl to his home as her Std X exams had got over. It was during this time that he forced himself upon Usha, resulting in her pregnancy.Gaidhane was already in jail with rape charges on him. Police later took Bhangale into custody in December 2009 though the DNA report was awaited. The DNA report, furnished in February 2010, confirmed the police's earlier findings.Additional public prosecutor Ram Anwane said that prosecution examined 13 witnesses. \"The victim had turned hostile in the beginning but the facts came through during the later course of trial,\" he said.It is learnt that there was a dispute regarding the age verification of the teenager too. \"The headmaster of the school where she studied also deposed before the court to prove that her birth year was 1993 and not 1990 as she had claimed,\" said Anwane. The testimony of the social workers who were present at the police station when the girl had recorded her statement and stated that her pregnancy was due to Bhangale too helped the prosecution get the conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16706118", "title": "Expo push to travel &amp; tourism industry", "text": "INDORE: The country's premier Travel &amp; Tourism exhibition is being held at Indore Table Tennis Complex, Abhay Prashal, Race Course Road, from October 5 to 7.India International Travel Exhibition is a premier event, showcasing the best from the travel, tourism railways, hospitality and other related industries. The three day travel exhibition will focus on international &amp; domestic tourist destinations, hotels &amp; resorts &amp; other allied services, national &amp; international tour operators and national affiliated service providers.\"The whole idea of organizing this event is to give people a look at the travelling and tourism packages under one roof and thereby boosting tourism, both domestic and international,\" said the director of IITE, Anurag Gupta, adding that this exhibition comprised 7 states and 3 countries promoting their tourism. \"Countries like Dubai, Thailand, Mauritius are also here to endorse their tourism and we also have agents who are offering good rebate, if the customers book on stop. This exhibition is a one-stop-shop where one can get the information of tourism of various states and countries and plan their destination\", informed Anurag.IITE is presenting India Tourism, Govt of India, state tourism departments/organizations like Tourism Corporation of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation, Himachal Pradesh Tourism department and Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation, &amp; Goa Tourism. Countries like Dubai Tourism and Commerce Marketing, Tourism Authority of Thailand and Mauritius Tourism are promoting their destinations on IITE platform. Other participants like Make my trip, ITZ - Cash, Cox &amp; Kings, SOTC and Spiceland Holidays from different parts of the country are participating. The participants will display and provide information of their destinations, holiday, travel, tour packages and other services.\"We believe that the inflow of domestic and outbound tourists will increase in coming months and Indore will play a vital role in promotion of Tourism. Our main aim is to explore tourism potential and spread awareness among the people\", said Anurag.He further stated, \"The time at which IITE is being held is perfect as Dusherra holidays, winter vacations, weekend getaways, honeymoon and round-the-year travel, vacations &amp; business plansare all around the corner'', adding that the residents not only from Indore will be benefited with this exhibition but people of nearby cities and states will also get benefits of choosing from variety of attractive packages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16705580", "title": "Tamil Nadu judge suspended for graft, dozing off", "text": "MADURAI: A sessions judge in Ramanathapuram has been placed under suspension by the Madras high court administration after several complaints from lawyers and litigants, accusing him of corruption and indiscipline. K Govindarajulu, the principal sessions judge of Ramanathapuram district, was also accused of dozing off while hearing cases.Govindarajulu, 59, was given an extension 10 months ago after his retirement. A sitting judge of the high court and the registrar (vigilance) held an inquiry into the allegations, and the suspension orders were issued after a prima facie case was made out against him. The charges against him are corruption, lack of discipline, holding sessions late and irregular sittings to hear cases. As Govindarajulu is on a medical leave from October 3, the orders were stuck at the entrance of his official quarters.\"The suspension order was issued on October 4 and was served on him the next day. He has been placed under suspension until further orders,'' Madras HC registrar-general G Chockalingam said. Govindarajulu must face another inquiry and further action if charges against him are proved.The complaints were made by advocates in Ramanathapuram as well as several litigants. A high court official said there were even complaints from places he had served earlier. Prior to taking charge in Ramanathapuram, he was serving in the additional district court in Madurai.The members of the Bar association in Ramanathapuram were up in arms against Govindarajulu and had been boycotting court proceedings for a while now. A cross-section of the advocates said Govidarajulu sat for hearings only around 12.30pm, though he was supposed to commence sessions by 10.30am.A senior employee in the principal and district court in Ramanathapuram, however, said Govindarajulu was a diabetic and used to take insulin injections daily. The judge's habit of dozing off on the dais during hearings was due to his medical condition, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16705366", "title": "Murdered woman\u2019s kin accuse cops of protecting killer", "text": "KANNUR: The police have wound up their probe into the seven-month-old Kootumakkal Mariakutty murder case to protect the culprit, family members and neighbours of the slain 75-year-old woman alleged on Saturday.The local residents have formed an action committee to pressure the police to solve the case.In a press conference held here, the committee members alleged that both the police and the crime have stopped investigating the case.Mariakkutty, who was staying alone, was found murdered in her house in Kakkayamchal near Cherupuzha on March 5, 2012. \"The police had then claimed to have found leads to solve the case,\" said Titus K J, convener of the committee.The action committee approached home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on June 14, when the police could not crack the murder mystery, and the case was transferred to the crime branch.\"Now the police say that they have handed over the case to the crime branch, while the latter claims that the file is not with them, as they have given it back to the local police,\" Titus said, alleging that this was to protect the culprit.The action committee has now decided to take out a protest march to Peringom police station on Monday, and also to intensify the agitation if the police failed in bringing the killer to book.Giving a twist to the entire development, action committee chairman and Cherupuzha panchayat president Roshy Jose said he would not cooperate with the agitation.Mariakutty's son Sebastian Joe, who also attended the press conference, said the police had found vital evidence from the crime scene and had assured that the murderer would soon be arrested.\"It is clear that the murder was committed by someone who knows the locality but the police did not even question the local residents as part of the probe. We doubt there is some force behind which is preventing the police investigation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16409487", "title": "Crackdown on junk food in canteens", "text": "Students might have to go back to eating mummy ke haath ke paranthe in school if the Centre's ban on junk food in canteens is implemented.Carrying that lunch box to school, the insides of which are slowly turning pale yellow, is so, so not cool - at least that's what Delhi's school kids think. And with chips, patties and plates of hot spring rolls drawing you to the school canteen, who wants to sit in class during break and eat the paranthas your mom packed for you early morning? However, if the Centre's attempt to ban junk food in school canteens is successful, the wide range of goodies available across that counter may soon become a thing of the past. Here's what the students have to say about the 'canteen stuff'...For me, the most un-cool thing you can do is carry a lunch box to school. I would do it when I was a kid, but now that I am in senior school, I'd rather hang out with my friends in the canteen during lunch break and buy food from there; stuff like patties, chips and a soft drink. - Sahaj Bhadwar* DPS (Mathura Road).I like ghar ka khana, but it's embarrassing to carry a tiffin box to school. I end up eating from others' lunch boxes and from the canteen as well. So, I get the best of both. The spring rolls in my school canteen are really good; I usually eat that and get myself a juice along with that. - Abhishek Sharma , Class XI, DPS (Dwarka).Sometimes, it's difficult for my mom to wake up earlier than usual just to pack me some food for school, so she gives me some money instead. I buy myself something to eat from the canteen in school. On days when I'm not too hungry, I get myself a soft drink and a packet of chips, and on the rest of the days, rolls are a good option. - Shikhar Mathur, Class X, DPS (Dwarka).I'm not really for carrying a lunch box to school and our school canteen isn't all that great either. So I carry an apple or something from home and maybe buy myself a packet of chips or a patty from the canteen and I'm fine with just that. I can wait to eat proper khana once I get home. - Shraddha Kochchar, Class XI, Modern School.Our canteen guy changed recently. Earlier we used to pig out on samosas, patties and other fried stuff, but now there are healthy options available in school. We get sandwiches, boiled veggies, etc, and instead of fizzy drinks, there is juice and milk. I'm glad about this, because had we continued eating all that fried food, we'd be heading the American way as far as junk food consumption goes. - Anuj Ahlawat, Class XII, Navy Children's School.Lunch time favourites Spring rolls Chips Patties Samosas Chicken rollsOfficial speak About the junk food ban, Preeti Agnihotri, official spokesperson for FSSAI (Food Safety and Standards Authority of India) said, \"We have initiated this idea to ban junk food in schools in India and the AC Nielsen Company for Development of Guidelines is helping us frame the guidelines. It is due to a concern about the children's health. The process is still underway and we'll implement it once the guidelines are set. Once it's implemented, we intend monitoring it closely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704618", "title": "No government notification on subsidized cylinders yet", "text": "JAIPUR: To provide respite to domestic LPG consumers in the state, the Ashok Gehlot government had announced to give three more subsidized cylinders over and above the six-cylinder cap placed by the Union government.Now already few weeks into the announcement, the state government is yet to issue any formal notification on the matter and plans for implementation of the scheme have not been chalked out yet.The departments concerned are yet to calculate the expenditure to be incurred by the exchequer and the number of cylinders against which it will have to provide subsidy.The commercial tax department, which is the nodal department to keep a count of the numbers of cylinders consumed and how many to be subsidized under the state quota, remains clueless on the issue. \"Our job is to collect the tax. Rest everything is to be done by the government. We don't need to keep a tab of the figures,\" claimed Khemraj Chaudhary, commissioner, commercial tax department.The decision of providing subsidy was taken after the Congress announced that the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders will be increased from six to nine in the states where the party is in power. The Union cabinet on September 14 announced an annual six-cylinder cap on subsidized LPG cylinders for the domestic consumers.According to an estimate, the state government is likely to suffer an additional burden of Rs 800 crore annually by providing subsidy on three more cylinders per connection. Nearly five crore cylinders are consumed in the state every year against 67.38 lakh connections.Meanwhile, the delay in issuing notification has led to confusion among consumers as well as the dealers. With six months left in the current financial year, domestic consumers will be entitled to only three subsidized cylinders. More delay on the issue can jeopardize the arithmetic. Officials, though, claimed that the notice needs some amendments and will be issued soon. \"Still, there is a buffer of three cylinders before the current financial year ends on March 31, 2013. We will issue the notification much before that,\" a senior government official said.Oil and gas company officials said without an official noting, they will not be in a position to provide more than the three cylinders to the consumers on subsidized rates. \"The government made the announcement for three more subsidized cylinders. Unless we receive an official notification, we will consider the fourth cylinder issued before March 31 as non-subsidized,\" an IOC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16706349", "title": "The mythical dozen to play tour guides", "text": "THRISSUR: The twelve of them were all born in the same womb. But they grew up in 12 different hearths practising 12 different castes to tell exciting stories of the Parayi petta panthirukulam to Keralam.Centuries after they became history, the clan of Parayi is making a comeback to usher tourists through the landscape where they were born and brought up. The tourism department is developing a circuit connecting the 12 different places on the banks of Bharathapuzha, where each of these mythological characters once lived.The circuit will also link temples dedicated to them. The places identified by Palakkad DTPC include Mezhathole Agnihotri's Vemancheri Mana in Thrithala, Pakkanar Colony or Erattinkkal Colony, Kadavallur, where Rajakan instituted a learning centre, Rayiranelloor Hill, where Naranath Bhranthan was chained, Kavalapara Palace, where Karakkal Maatha, lone sister in the Panthirukulam clan was brought up, Akavoor Chathan's Vellarapilly near Aluva, Vaduthala Nair's Kundooly Nair family in Thrithala, Ponnani where Uppukottan was brought up, Perumthachan's Uliyannur and a hill in Kadampazhipuram where Vayillakunnilappan was consecrated.\"In the first phase, places coming under the three constituencies of Pattambi, Thrithala and Sreekrishnapuram will be connected,'' DTPC secretary T A Padmakumar said.C P Mohammed, Pattambi MLA, said: \"Tourism minister has given in-principle approval to the project. We will soon form a panel comprising historians to study the possibility and open the circuit for tourists and students of Kerala history.''Tourism secretary Suman Billa told TOI that developing a circuit was more economical than giving facelift to a single tourist spot.\"Circuits are designed to attract long-haul visitors. We had done a living heritage project at Kalpathi where agraharams (Tamil Brahmin settlements) were showcased. We are taking a page out of that project to develop the Panthirukulam circuit,\" Suman said.BOX: The famous dozenMezhathol Agnihothri, Pakkanar, Perunthachan, Rajakan, Vallon, Vaduthala Nair, Uppukootan, Akavoor Chathan, Karakkal Amma, Pananar, Naranath Bhranthan and Vayillakunnilappan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705552", "title": "SC, state panels to probe illegal mining simultaneously", "text": "PANAJI: Even as the Supreme Court asked its central empowered committee to submit a preliminary report on illegal mining in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the Justice R M S Khandeparkar committee that will look into the issues raised by the Shah commission report, will be notified by the state government next week.\"The delay in issuing the notification was because of three holidays. The committee will be notified on Monday,\" Parrikar told STOI.Asked how it would be that two panels, one, an SC-appointed, the other a state-appointed, would investigate the same issue of illegal mining in Goa, Parrikar said, \"The SC's CEC on environmental matters will submit its report to the SC and the Khandeparkar committee will submit (its report) to the state government.\" He added that he had not received any SC order as yet. The state law department and some legal experts agreed that the government is within its rights to go ahead with the high-powered, six-member committee headed by the retired high court judge. Former union minister for law Ramkant Khalap said there's nothing wrong with the state government appointing its own committee to investigate into the illegal mining issue.He felt that the terms of reference for both committees will not be exactly the same. There may be some common issues but going by the media reports, the Khandeparkar committee's main focus will be different from that of the CEC's, Khalap told STOI.Advocate Cleofata Coutinho said the SC would accept its own panel's report while the state government will go by its own report. \"So, Justice Khandeparkar committee will continue its work and give its report to the Goa government,\" he said.\"If you look at it dispassionately, it appears that the SC will go by the CEC report. Even in the Bellary investigation, it had gone by the CEC report,\" he added. \"The Goa government may place the Khandeparkar report before the Supreme Court and finally it will depend upon whose writ will run,\" he felt.The Goa cabinet on Wednesday approved the constitution of Khandeparkar committee with a period of 60 days to submit its report. Parrikar had said the committee would also focus on effective control, supervision and regulation of mining operations in the state, report on the loss, pilferage to the public exchequer on matters of royalty, land cess, forest wealth, mineral resources, encroachments on government land and identify the wrongdoers in this regard. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16705546", "title": "4-lane highway to Hampi could boost tourism", "text": "HUBLI: 150 kms in 2 hours! That'll be the journey time between Hubli and World Heritage Site Hampi if the proposal to develop the Hubli-Hospet section of National Highway-63 sees the light of day.The four-lane highway will cut down the journey time by at least two hours. Now, it takes at least 5 hours to cover the same distance. The focus of the highway development plan is to eventually give industry and tourism a big boost.The Union cabinet committee on infrastructure has already approved the development of four-laning of the Hubli-Hospet section. The total length of the road will be 143.29 kms and the project cost is Rs1442.8 crore, which includes land acquisition, rehabilitation and pre-construction works.Samundra Singh, general manager, NHAI-Dharwad district, told STOI that the Hubli-Hospet four-lane project was approved by the cabinet recently and land acquisition will start soon. The four-laning work will start in about 7-8 months and construction will be finished in 30 months, he added.Madan Desai, former president, Karnataka Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said that this project will result in an increase in number of tourists and help in transportation of minerals and metals. \"Hubli has become a transit point to surrounding tourism places like Goa and Karwar and by completing the four-lane road between Hubli and Hampi, it'll help tourists reach Hampi quickly,\" he said.Frequent traveler Pradeep Kumar and resident of Hubli said, \"We travel to Hampi very frequently to Hampi. The road is not good and it takes about 5 hours to reach the place. The new road will be a big help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16704357", "title": "Tata National Premier Chess Championship: Akash upsets Neelotpal", "text": "KOLKATA: Overnight leaders, Grandmaster GN Gopal, IM Swapnil Dhopade and MR Venkatesh were content to retain their positions at the top with draws to lead the table with 4.5 points each at the conclusion of the 6th round of the Tata National Premier Chess Championship at the Khudiram Anushilan Kendra here on Saturday. Breathing down their neck are a bunch of seven players, with four points apiece.The uspet of the day was GM Neelotpal Das losing to 16-year-old G Akash of Tamil Nadu in an Anti-Marshall variation of the Ruy Lopez opening. Akash, clinically converted his extra pawn to a queen in a rook and pawn ending, to hand Neelotpal his second defeat of the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16704665", "title": "Info on groundwater level at the click of a mouse", "text": "JAISALMER: Come next year, you will get to know your area's groundwater level, the fluoride content, quantity of nitrogen, if the water is saline or sweet, all at a click of the mouse.For the first time in the country, work is on to map the groundwater level in Rajasthan through Geographic Information System (GIS). The data would help one to trace the entire history of groundwater in an area.The European Commission , with the help of a state partnership programme and 26 experts of Rolta India, a firm which offers GIS solutions, will complete the pilot project in Rajasthan this December. The National Project on Aquifer Management will be launched in New Delhi on October 8 and 9.Surendra Nath Das, an expert on groundwater resources at Rolta India Limited, said the company has executed a project 'Aquifer Mapping' in Rajasthan and created village-level database for assessment of village-wise groundwater potential using GIS.The firm has developed a GIS-based web application 'Groundwater Information System' which will be able to provide information on groundwater availability in each village and its suitability for human, cattle and agricultural consumption.The website will be available both in Hindi and English, and will be launched on or before December 31, 2012.Chief engineer, underground water department, Hansraj Bhatt said there are nearly 7,000 wells in Rajasthan and the department keeps a tab on the increase and decrease of water level by studying these wells. Now, with modern technique this work would become easy, he saidApart from this, the population of village, geographical conditions, facility of school among other important information will also be available along with the information on groundwater.Senior groundwater scientist N D Inkhia said evaluation of groundwater till date has been done through old means in the state. Even today, the level of water is measured using tape. The selection of place for setting up a hand pump or a tube well is still done by using old maps. As a result, the room for error is big.Here in, the modern GIS technique will provide accurate information on groundwater level.As part of the project, the data from state groundwater department and Central groundwater board, well location, its depth and water level will be digitized. Along with available tube wells in the state, data on quality of water and rocks will be digitized.Using these inputs, the groundwater map will be prepared.All work is being done using latest software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704205", "title": "13-year-old girl nabbed for kidnapping infant", "text": "MUMBAI: A 13-year-old girl was arrested for allegedly kidnapping a four-month-old baby five months ago.Acting on specific information from beggars, the D B Marg police on Saturday rescued the baby, Pranav Dandekar, and handed him over to his family. The Dandekars, who hail from Nagpur and reside in the Grant Road Bridge area, had filed a missing complaint in April.According to the police, the accused approached Pranav's family, saying she was an orphan and needed some place to stay. Pranav's father Ajay took her in. \"Pranav's mother once scolded her for not maintaining hygiene. She kidnapped the boy and fled in a bid to teach the family a lesson,\" said assistant inspector Dilip Patil.For a few days, she used the child to beg, said the police.\"When the boy fell ill, she approached a man living in a hut opposite the Bhayander railway station and asked him for help. She told the man that a lion in Gujarat had eaten the boy's parents and she was his caretaker. The man asked his neighbours, Prem Singh and Uma Singh, to give shelter to the girl and the child. A few days later, the girl fled, leaving the boy behind,\" said an officer.The DB Marg police had formed five teams to trace the missing child. Around 15 days ago, the girl was caught by her mother while she was trying to flee with a one-and-a-half year-old kid in Matunga. The woman handed over her daughter and the child to the Matunga police that sent the girl to the juvenile home in Dongri.Recently, the DB Marg police learnt about the girl and contacted their Matunga counterparts.Officers questioned the girl and found out about the baby. \"On Thursday, we found Promod in a hut near the Kashimira police station. We were surprised to see that Uma was taking care of Promod like he was her son,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705427", "title": "The beautiful in the turbulent", "text": "VADODARA: Art critic turned artist Sumati Gangopadhyay has experienced personal tragedies in her life but she has learnt to overcome personal grief and contribute towards children of the lesser god. That's, perhaps the reason, her paintings speak both of turbulence and the beauty found around us in today's world.It's the use of colour that you notice first. Her latest exhibition of 62 acrylic and water paint frames is mainly a riot of colour as usual, but her use of colours suggests both serenity as well as aggressiveness. Her reds, tangerines, auburns, deep oranges, sometime become hot lava as well as the bright sunshine of a cheerful day, and her blues, the aquamarines, the inky solids or the turquoise delights, have the cool and romance of a moonlit night as also the dark, mysterious, almost vicious notes of evil.And, then there are toys, alphabets, animals, and the beautiful bird of paradise hidden all over the bright frames. \"They remind me of the precious things and memories that you lose out in the course of life, like your childhood. I was reminded of Jagjit Singh's 'Woh kagaz ki kashti, vo barish ka pani..' when I painted these,\" says the soft-spoken artist, who lost her 26-year old daughter in 2005 and is now running a non-governmental organization (NGO) 'Asmani Foundation for Human Development working for rural children in her name.The proceeds of this exhibition, currently on at fine arts faculty of MSU, would go to fund the NGO which is teaching art to students of a government school in village Ampad, about 10 km from here. The NGO now hopes to collect funds for running special classes for adolescent children in the village who have no high school in the village and need to learn some employment skills like tailoring or cooking, says Sumati.'Rag Bhairav' is among her personal favourite in the present collection, which has an almost lyrical play of colours, and so is the one based on missing children of Gujarat or the Japan's Tsunami. The bird of paradise in the painting, as in all her other paintings, represent the 'life after'. \"It's the soul's journey from darkness (of the world) to light - (the information), Sumati's husband Tanmay Gangopadhyay offers helpfully.And then there is Kabul Beauty, a beautiful water colour in pastel shades, which portrays a stunningly beautiful Afghani girl who happened to be a maid at the hotel in Kabul where Tanmay took Sumati to recover from the tragedy of losing their only child. \"One day we asked her when was she getting married and she laughed and laughed, burying her face in her dupatta before revealing that she was already a mother of three,\" Tanmay recalls.For Sumati, Kabul holds a special place as it was there she learnt to look beyond her own grief when she started teaching art to children orphaned in the war-torn Afghanistan.Noted artists Ghulam and Neelima Sheikh, who had come to see the exhibition on Saturday, found her latest creations to be \"quite delightful\" having \"more complicated mix of colours\" compared to her earlier works. Ghulam Sheikh said he found a \"sense of place\" in the creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh/nawanshahr", "code": "16706277", "title": "Militancy clamour diversionary tactic by Congress: Sukhbir", "text": "Chandigarh/Nawanshahr: The Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) had trained its guns at the Centre, saying that the Congress is raising the bogey of militancy both as a diversionary tactic to deflect people's attention from the scams afflicting them and to create a stir ahead of polls in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.\"Raising the issue of militancy, especially before elections, was an old experiment in the political laboratory of the Congress,\" said SAD president and Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal. He said there was no question of militancy raising it's head in Punjab as there not been a single incident in years. \"We have also been cracking down on any attempt by quick arrests and seizures,\" said Badal.\"If there is any failure, it's on the part of the Centre. If RDX and drugs are coming into India through the border, we need to see who mans the border? It is the BSF and hence it is for the Centre to monitor and check this,\" Badal told TOI.Sukhbir Badal condemned the reported recommendation of Delhi government to release Kishori Lal, infamous as the 'butcher of Tirlokpuri' who hacked six innocent Sikhs during the 1984 anti-Sikh carnage, and said the crucial decision on the eve of elections to two states indicates Congress' penchant for votebank politics.\"SAD will use every forum to block the release of Kishori Lal and ensure punishment for all accused in the 1984 riots,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "1-instant search", "code": "16706942", "title": "10 free tools to manage your files on Windows", "text": "1-Instant Search: EverythingWith huge hard drives being the norm, searching for any document on your PC can be a painstakingly slow exercise. This is because every time you search using the default tool in Windows, it has to scan each and every folder till it finds the file. Everything, on the other hand, helps you locate any document almost instantly.The first time you install the software, it indexes the contents on your hard drive. The program then sits unobtrusively in your system tray till you double-click its icon. To search, simply type the name of the file you are looking for, and the software will serve it up to you - no wait whatsoever. You can also search by file extension and add strings for custom searches. For example, use 'officeinvoice' to search for filenames with the word 'invoice' in your 'office' folder, or 'Beatles! Love' to exclude the term 'Love' from your search. www.voidtools.com2-Better File Copy: TeraCopyThe default copy tool in Windows is bothersome if you deal with huge files. If there's an error while copying multiple files, it'll abort the whole job. Also, there's no way to pause and resume a transfer. And did you know that Windows doesn't actually copy files at the fastest rate possible?TeraCopy to the rescue. The software features full shell integration, which means that it replaces the default Explorer copy tool so you don't have to start the program each time you are copying files.While transferring, if there is an error, TeraCopy will try multiple times to copy that file - and if that doesn't happen, the file is skipped and the rest of the data is copied. At the end of the process, you can see which files posed a problem and try copying them again.What's more, you can even pause and resume the process if you need to run a more resource intensive program alongside. And yes, the software is optimized to get the fastest possible transfer speed on your computer. codesector.com/teracopy3-Tag Files: ElyseSometimes, the same file can fit in different folders. For example, a photo can find place in a folder for profile pics, the party it was clicked in, or by date. Instead of keeping multiple copies of the file, Elyse brings a smart 'tagging' system.The idea is to store your files anywhere, but classify them with tags to find them easily. Just point Elyse to a folder and then you can start creating as many tags as you want.After that, just drag-and-drop files to the tag. It's handy for office use (different projects that use the same documents) as well as personal data (tagging photos or videos). It's not easy to use initially, but once you get accustomed to it, Elyse works splendidly. silkwoodsoftware.com4-Folder Lists: Filelist CreatorWhen a friend asks you to send him a list of the MP3 songs you have, it would be downright ridiculous to sit and type the name of each file. If only there was a way to make a list of all the files in your folder. Well, meet Filelist Creator. Point the program to the folder to start. You can choose to search all sub-folders if you want.Next, select which parameters of the files you want to be included: name, format, file size, path, date, etc - all of which can be seen live in the preview window. Filelist Creator lets you choose formatting options too, such as the header, spacing, grouping and the order of the columns as well. Once you've had your pick, choose whether you want a text file, CSV, HTML or image and save it. www.sttmedia.com/filelistcreator5-Delete Forever: File ShredderWhen you \"delete\" a file in Windows, it's not entirely erased from your hard drive.The Delete function simply hides the file till the space it occupies is overwritten with new data. Still, specialized file recovery software can retrieve these files easily (see Recuva). So how do you get rid of a sensitive file permanently?File Shredder is a simple tool that gets the job done by 'writing' over the files multiple times with random binary data. Start the program, select the files and shred them with a button. Simple.In the Settings tab, you can choose the type of encryption you want to use to shred the file. There's also an option to Shred Free Disk Space. As we said, a file isn't completely gone when you delete it; which means it's still occupying some space. File Shredder purges this data by rewriting over it as well. www.fileshredder.org6-Smart Backup: Copy Changed FilesIf you routinely back-up your files to an external hard disk, then you might want to install Copy Changed Files. The tool allows you to compare the contents of similar folders in two different locations - and then, only copies the files that have been modified. First, select the 'From' and 'To' folders. Then, choose the method to compare files: Date-time and file size is faster, but can have errors, while the binary compare method is slower, but more accurate. You can choose to filter what to copy by file type or size. And that's it. Hit the copy button. www.copychangedfiles.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16697317", "title": "Anirudh Baheti hosted a special party for wife in Jaipur", "text": "Entertaining a crowd of 70 women can be a Herculean task. But if it's for your beloved wife, you can undoubtedly make it possible. Anirudh Baheti, a businessman, hosted a special party for wife Taru and her friends on the occasion of her birthday.From finalising the special menu, to selecting the perfect venue, and inviting all her friends, Anirudh took care of everything to make it special for Taru. Unlike the regular birthday parties, this one was attended only by Taru's female friends. \"I wanted Taru to enjoy without being bothered about anything else. This is a special occasion and I wanted Taru to remember this party for years to come,\" said Anirudh. While most of the guests preferred dancing to the tunes of Bollywood hit numbers like Anarkali Disco Chali, and Chikni Chameli , others were busy clicking and capturing each and every moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705047", "title": "Speed is in his name!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was difficult for Rush Kalaria to watch India lift the Under-19 World Cup from the sidelines. He featured in just one game as pitch conditions and team composition favoured a combination without him. But that has not deterred the lanky left-arm seamer from looking ahead into the future.\"At the same time it was a huge learning curve as each member was part of the process that resulted in the team winning the cup,\" says Rush, taking time out of a grueling pre-Ranji practice season for the Gujarat team.\"I am focusing on making my performance count. I have not set myself any specific goals, but I want to improve with each game,\" adds the boy. He started playing the game when he was 10 only because his father Bipin was a huge fan.\"Father always wanted me to be a cricketer but only after I played my first district tournament at 12 years did I thought of taking cricket seriously. Other than my family, I am lucky to have good support from my school (GLS) and college (HL College of Commerce). The teachers allowed me to concentrate on the game without thinking about anything else,\" says the 19-year-old, who can make the ball talk effectively even on lifeless tracks in the sub-continent.\"He has become an intelligent bowler and knows how to make good use of the conditions. He can also move the ball both ways and bowls at a length which is difficult to score of,\" says his coach Tarak Trivedi. \"This is a result of the hard work that he puts in consistently round the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16706180", "title": "Truck hits bike, engineer dies", "text": "INDORE: An engineer died after the bike he was riding was hit by a truck at Musakhedi Ring Road on Saturday night. The deceased identified as Gaurav Chauhan, 20, son of Dileep Chouhan, was resident of Indira Complex, Navlakha. He was returning home after meeting his friends when he met with the fatal accident.According to Sanyogitaganj police station staff, the victim was dragged for about half kilometre. His body was taken by the cops to MY hospital. The driver fled from the site along with the truck. Angry mob tried to vandalise few other vehicles but cops reached on time to prevent any violence.The engineer had joined in a Pithampur-based office about two months ago after completing his Bachelor of Engineering. He had reportedly purchased the motor-bike only a few days ago. His parents are said to be on a foreign tour to Switzerland .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709995", "title": "Daniel Craig\u2019s `unwashed` 007 swim trunks fetch $71,742 at charity auction", "text": "Daniel Craig's blue swimming trunks, that he wore in the James Bond movie 'Casino Royale,' has been sold for 71,742 dollars at a charity auction on Friday.The swimwear was sold by Christie's and was among a number of Bond items to be auctioned off for charity to mark the 50th anniversary of the famous franchise.\"All I'm going to tell you is they're unwashed,\" Radar Online quoted Dame Judi Dench , who plays M in the Bond films, as saying.An Aston Martin DB5 driven by the 44-year-old actor in the film 'Quantum Of Solace' was sold for 389,377 dollars and a suit that he wears in upcoming Bond film 'Skyfall' fetched 75,615 dollars despite only expecting to fetch around 5,000 dollars.Proceeds form the auction went to a number of charities and the money from the navy and powder blue shorts went to Women for Women organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16709569", "title": "Bhavnagar police to go to West Bengal in fake currency probe", "text": "RAJKOT: Bhavnagar police will go to West Bengal to probe the fake currency racket. Earlier, five people have been arrested by Bhavnagar police in connection with the fake currency racket and were produced before the local court which granted 14 days police remand for further investigation.According police officials, accused have been identified as Attaur Raheman Musa (35), Akbar Ali (18), Mansur Raheman (20), Manjur Alam (30) and Asharaf Abdul Manan (18). All accused belongs to Malda district of West Bangal. Special Operation Group (SOG) of Bhavnagar is investigating the case.\"Five people came to Bhavnagar to circulate fake currency notes and were staying in a guest house in Bhavnagar. After the tip off, we carried out a raid and arrested them with fake currency notes. We have seized 46 notes of Rs 500 and 23 notes of Rs 1000 from them. During the interrogation, accused told us that they got fake currency from Safeek based in West Bengal. We will verify their claims and our team will go to West Bengal for further investigation'' said police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706077", "title": "Investigation in tiger poaching case hits roadblock", "text": "BHOPAL: Investigations into the tiger poaching case that hit headlines after the arrest of a 11-member gang from Linga in Chhindwara district in May have slowed down after having hit a roadblock. The report of the state wildlife cell about animal hair was conclusive in pointing out that it belonged to blue bull. Meanwhile the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, refused to carry out another test, said sources.The officials are now analyzing call details record (CDR) of the suspects. According to records of the accused's cell phone tower locations- before their arrest - they were near Bhopal , Pipariya and Hoshangabad.During initial investigations the gang leader, Sanjesh, had confessed to his role in killing an adult tiger at Shivpuri and having sold its skin for Rs 7,000. Several premises were raided on the basis of his information, but to no avail. Later the accused - currently in jail-changed his statements several times.\"The laboratory report is negative on tiger and the accused is contradicting his statements. So there is nothing new in the case,\" Ashok Kumar, Chhindwara DFO told TOI. We are analyzing the CDR of the accused to get fresh clues, he said.The gang comprised Sanjesh of Shivpuri, Zilendar Giri of Sarguja in Chhattisgarh and Rai Singh, Dharma, Dhara, Ishwar, Jorawar and Kismat hail from Chhittorgarh in Rajasthan. A metal trap with hair, suspected to be that of a tiger, and steel leg hold jaw traps were confiscated from their possession.Meanwhile, the investigation into the seizure of two tiger hides by the Seoni police has also come to halt. The advocate, who was under scanner in this case, has denied any involvement in poaching in his statement to the police. He was interrogated on the basis of information provided by the accused in police custody.\"There is no development in the case...received their CDRs today only. Investigations are on ,\" Seoni superintendent of police Rakesh Jain told TOI.Saleem Khan (49), forest guard Mateen Khan (35) and Avanesh Pavitra (31) got arrested on Saturday while they were trying to sell two tiger hides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704627", "title": "Cars parked near school choke BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic was completely thrown out of gear on the BRT corridor on Saturday afternoon because of a parent-teacher meeting held at a Pushp Vihar school. Private vehicles brought by parents were parked on the main carriageway and the non-motorized vehicle (NMV) lane of the corridor in large numbers. A non-functional traffic signal at the Sheikh Sarai intersection compounded the chaos.\"A large number of vehicles came to the school around noon and the PTA meeting lasted for almost two hours. Despite traffic arrangements being in place, the situation could be normalized only after 3pm when most vehicles left,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Officials said that hundreds of parents reached the school and parked their vehicles on the NMV lane. Later, some cars were even moved to the main carriageway. \"There is anyway hardly any space for private vehicles on the BRT corridor. The situation became chaotic for both parents who had queued up to enter the school and commuters travelling on the corridor. Cops had been stationed at the spot but the number of cars made it unmanageable to control traffic,\" said a source.Traffic police had deployed six officers on the stretch but it didn't help. \"There were hundreds of cars. We can't start towing away all vehicles. There is not enough parking inside the school either. We usually try to minimize chaos during school programmes by putting up barricades but there is little scope to do that on the BRT corridor as there is simply no road space,\" said a traffic official of the area.DIMTS officials, who look after the BRT stretch, said that a signal fault at the Sheikh Sarai intersection also added to the mess. \"Since the fault coincided with the time of the PTA meeting, the two factors led to a jam. The glitch was fixed only when the meeting ended,\" said a DIMTS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16708088", "title": "Sri Lanka President okay with cricket team's tour of Pakistan: Report", "text": "KARACHI: The 2009 Lahore terror attack is yet to become even a distant memory but Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapakse has reportedly given his consent to the country's cricket team touring Pakistan again.According to the \"Express Tribune\", the Sri Lankan President told the media that his government was ready to send the team to Pakistan.But Rajapakse reportedly made it clear that the final decision rested with the two boards. He said it was up to the boards of both the countries to sort out the dates and other intricacies for a tour.\"We are ready to take the initiative in this and will be happy if international cricket resumes in Pakistan,\" the newspaper quoted Rajapakse as saying.No Test-playing nation has visited Pakistan since March 2009 when terrorists attacked the Sri Lankan team in Lahore killing six Pakistani policemen and a van driver.Five of the visiting players were also injured in the incident while the reserve umpire suffered gunshot wounds.The Pakistan Cricket Board has been trying hard to resume international tours in Pakistan without success as an invitation to the Bangladesh this year also didn't materialise.The PCB has however given its consent to the sports minister in Sindh province, Dr Mohammad Ali Shah, to invite a World XI side to Karachi .According to details, the World XI will play two T20 matches at the national stadium later this month against the Pakistan XI and is expected to include Sanath Jayasuriya , Andre Nel , Nicky Boje , Justin Kemp and some other foreign players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704453", "title": "35-year-old man goes missing with 2 sons", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old tea trader and his two sons have allegedly gone missing since a week. His wife, with whom he had recently moved into a rented apartment in Bhayander, is now facing eviction from the house. A missing complaint has been filed with the Navghar police.Rajkumar Singhania's business venture had failed and he had mortgaged his flat in Kapurwadi, Thane , which he had to sell. He moved into a rented flat in Navghar on September 26 along with his wife Bala (30) and sons Saharsh (8) and Path (4).On September 28, Singhania asked Bala to visit her sister, who stays in Bhayander, to return some loan. On her return, she found Singhania and her sons missing. Singhania's cellphone was switched off. The trio's clothes and her jewellery were missing. Besides, the Rs 25 lakhs that they received from the flat sale were also missing.Singhania had a paid Rs 40,000 deposit for the rented flat and now Bala has been asked to vacate the flat as she is unable to pay the rent. She has been given 20 days to find an alternate accommodation.Relatives allege that Singhania had deserted Bala and was having an extra-marital affair. The family is planning to file a kidnapping case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16706182", "title": "Congressmen threatens to resign if Mankotia given ticket", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A horde of supporters of Kewal Singh Pathania, who has become a scapegoat in the newly-formed coalition of Vijay Singh Mankotia and his rival Virbhadra Singh, staged a mass protest and passed a resolution in the Shahpur block Congress committee meeting on Firday with about 20 leaders opposing the move for give ticket to Mankotia in place of Pathania from Shahpur.\"We would quit the party if Mankotia is allowed ticket from Shahpur. Party high command would be in obligation to give ticket to him, but we are not,\" said Sushil Sharma, president of the block Congress committee, Shahpur. He headed the meeting in which representative of various unions participated.Supporters of Pathania alleged that Mankotia had termed Congress as the party of thieves and now the same man was being allowed ticket, overlooking the sincere efforts of its own workers. 'If Mankotia is given ticket from Shahpur, then he should give up the dream of wining,\" said Madhubala, pradhan of Dadambh panchayat.Mankotia had won from Shahpur in 1985 as a Congress candidates. But later during this stint as a legislator he developed differences with the then chief minister Virbhadra Singh and during the last elections released a CD allegedly containing proof of some financial transaction by Virbhadra, for which he is still facing a court case. Mankotia himself would find it difficult to stand in the public explaining his newfound love for the man he had been accusing of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704473", "title": "Smartphones and tablets hurt vision", "text": "NEW DELHI: Smartphones and tablets may be a fun way to kill time, connect with friends and beat stress but prolonged viewing of these devices is driving many users to the eye doctor, specially teenagers.In one such case reported from Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, an 11-year-old boy from Jammu developed near-sightedness (myopia), a condition in which the patient has difficulty in viewing things at a distance. The boy spends too much time playing games on his smartphone, say his parents.\"Normally, if one has trouble seeing objects at a distance, his near vision is also affected. But this was not the case with the 11-year-old. The boy had no problem in reading his textbooks but he could not read the text written on the blackboard. He was prescribed glasses with a minus power but that didn't help. Then he came to us,\" said Dr Harbansh Lal, senior consultant eye surgeon at SGRH. Tests showed that the child's vision was normal but the cilliary muscles that permit the lens to change its shape in order to focus on near or distant objects had contracted.\"The child started using computers and cellphones at the age of seven. Prolonged focus on a near object can lead to the contraction of eye muscles over a period of time. This is exactly what happened with him. The eye muscles could not relax themselves easily which made it difficult for him to see objects at a distance,\" Lal said.Though the transient effect of prolonged focus on any near object \u2014 for example computers \u2014 is common, doctors have been coming across many teenagers whose eyes have suffered long-term damage because of excessive use of mobile applications.\"When we focus on a near object, both eyes converge and the muscles are used excessively. This leads to stress and irritation. We give muscle relaxants to such patients, put them on continuous exercises like moving the eye on all directions and offer medications, if required,\" said Dr Tinku Bali Razdan, associate consultant ophthalmologist at SGRH.Doctors advise that one should avoid the continuous use of gadgets like tablets, smartphones and notebooks. \"After every 20 minutes, one should look at a 20 feet distance for 20 seconds. This helps to relax eye muscles and check any spasm or contraction,\" said Lal.He added that the gadgets should be kept at a distance of at least 50 cm \u2014 an arm's length. \"Use of humidifier while working in air-conditioned rooms is advised to stop dryness of eyes which causes pain and irritability,\" the doctor said.A recent study conducted by ASSOCHAM showed 88% adolescents in metros \u2014 aged between 15 and 18 \u2014 own mobile handsets while 40% teenagers aged 13-15 use cellphones. The study also found that 90% parents had bought mobile phones for their children because they were preoccupied with their jobs\"Nowadays, there are computer applications for babies also. Children as young as two years are hooked to them. My two-year-old daughter is always playing on the tablet, which is wrong,\" said Razdan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708248", "title": "Jaya Bachchan inaugurates jewellery exhibition", "text": "The ladies in the city were in for a treat when they visited this exhibition of hand-crafted textiles and jewellery.Actor Jaya Bachchan who had specially flown in from Mumbai, to inaugurate the event, spent the morning interacting with her friends and fans. The ladies who had dropped in could not get enough of the crafts on display and were seen discussing the merits of each item on display.Spotted at the do were actor-dancer Lakshmi Gopalaswamy as well as former beauty queen Rekha Hande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704703", "title": "Nagpur University flouts rules, issues handwritten marksheets", "text": "NAGPUR: After the 1999 Kohchade bogus marksheet scam, the Nagpur University had decided it will not issue handwritten marksheets. But in violation of norms, the NU recently provided handwritten marksheets to some students of Master in Computer Management. A couple of years ago, the students of Master in Mass Communication were also given handwritten marksheets.Former officer on special duty Arvind Barahate, who was appointed by the Maharashtra government to streamline the exam system after the Kohchade scam, had earlier told TOI that NU banned issuance of handwritten marksheets as the seamsters used these to commit fraud. The rule came into effect from winter 2000 exam and made printed marksheet mandatory even if there is a correction.Ex-controller of examinations (COE) Siddarth Kane, whose signatures appear on these handwritten marksheets, expressed surprise over the issue. He also advised the exam section officials not to issue them in future. \"My stamped signature was on the marksheets issued on September 10, a day before I left the COE office. The students should reject handwritten marksheets as they are not accepted by universities in the US and the UK,\" he said.Explaining the reason behind issuing handwritten marksheets, Kane said it must have been done as the students wanted them urgently for future admissions. \"In such situations, we don't have any other alternative as it takes a week to provide printed marksheets. However, I had clearly given guidelines to our section that it should resist from issuing handwritten marksheets. If at all such marksheets are issued, the section should ask the students to get the printed ones as per their convenience,\" said Kane.Terming it a \"serious\" issue, COE Vilas Ramteke said he will look into the matter. \"Since these marksheets were issued before me, I have no idea about these. I will ask the employees not to issue them henceforth. Students who got such marksheets should approach us and we will provide them printed ones,\" said Ramteke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16705960", "title": "Suicide bid by farmer evicted from government land", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A farmer allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming poison in protest against being evicted from government land at Kabisurya Nagar in Ganjam district on Saturday. Gantayat Swain (40) of Kabisurya Nagar was admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here after he fell seriously ill upon consuming the poison.Swain was evicted from the government land, which is to be handed over to Kabisurya Nagar NAC (notified area council) for the construction of a kalyan mandap. Swain had allegedly encroached upon three acres of the land by fencing it.\"The district collector has ordered to hand over the patch of land to NAC for construction of a kalyan mandap. We apprised the occupant to vacant the land on Friday and he had agreed to do so. We broke the lock and took possession of the land as he was not present during eviction,\" said Kabisurya Nagar tehsildar Bibekananda Sahu.The tehsidar was, however, ignorant about Swain consuming poison. \"I don't know what happened,\" Sahu said.No case was registered in the incident. \"No one has reported the incident and we have not registered any case in this regard so far,\" said Kabisurya Nagar inspector in-charge S L K Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "16704337", "title": "Andhra boy chained for not studying Arabic", "text": "MEDAK: Police on Saturday booked the authorities of a madrassa for allegedly beating up a 12-year-old boy and holding him captive for not showing interest in studying Arabic in Andhra Pradesh's Medak district.Police said the boy had joined Minhajul Uloom Madrassa two years ago. In his complaint, the boy, Mohammad, stated that he was chained and tortured by his teacher Kaleem Ahmed and headmaster Maulana Farhat since the past two weeks. Police said the boy had boils on his feet as he was shackled.\"He was beaten up when he tried to escape from the school twice in the past as he was not interested in studying Arabic,\" said a relative, adding that on Saturday, Mohammed succeeded in jumping across the compound wall while on his way to the bathroom. \"He crossed over into the premises of a judge where he narrated the ordeal,\" said the relative.The madrassa management has been booked under section 342 (wrongful restraint) and section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act. \"Don't those teachers have children? We sent our child to be educated, not to be chained and tortured,\" said the boy's grandfather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16709862", "title": "DY Patil to host first-ever first class game in December", "text": "MUMBAI: DY Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai, which has hosted two IPL finals in the past, will be hosting its first-ever first class cricket match when Mumbai take on West Zone rivals Gujarat in their final Ranji Trophy Group A fixture at the end of this year.The December 29 to January 1 Ranji tie between Mumbai and Gujarat could not be held at the Wankhede Stadium as some other event has already been scheduled at the venue during that time.\"The Wankhede Stadium is not available to host the game because of the three-day All India University Convention, which is to be held there following a letter we have received from the Union Government,\" Nitin Dalal, joint secretary of the Mumbai Cricket Association, said.Dalal clarified that nearby Cricket Club of India's Brabourne Stadium is also not available as the club members would be celebrating New Year's Eve on December 31.\"Our BKC ground is also not available as we have to conduct U-19 ties during that period,\" Dalal said.D Y Patil Stadium has hosted several IPL matches, including the finals of 2008 and 2010, and was also to host a ODI against Australia a few years ago but the match was washed out.Meanwhile, another faraway venue, Palghar, would probably host the West Zone women's Twenty20 games as no other grounds are available, Dalal indicated.\"There are two grounds in Palghar (on the Western Railway line beyond Virar), including the one owned by Reliance. We can, in fact, have two matches daily there,\" Dalal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705462", "title": "Realtors charged with Rs 30L fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 16 investors in a realty scheme near Sanand has accused a firm of defrauding them of Rs 30 lakh. The investors allege the firm did not allot them plots after taking payment.Vipul Mangia, 40, a resident of Sola Road, along with 15 other persons has filed a joint complaint against Mukesh Shah, Raju Desai, Bharat Popat and Sanjay Gujjar, all office bearers in Elegance Realty Ltd located at Rudra Complex, near Girish Cold Drink on CG Road.The complainants have alleged that the accused had given advertisements about plotting scheme on Sanand-Sachana Road in media in April this year, claiming to set up a township with 212 plots on 18 bigha land.The realtors had promised the investors to allot plots if they paid Rs 11,000 to Rs 20,000 per month after the initial payment as per the size of the plot. \"Mangia, an LIC employee, had paid Rs 3.06 lakh by cheque to the company for booking of his plot and also paid the installments. In September, he leaned that directors and office bearers had tendered their resignations. The firm then refused to give him the ownership documents,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Later, Mangia learned about other investors who were duped in a similar fashion and decided to file a joint complaint for fraud and breach of trust. \"We've sought the project details from the builders and started search for the accused,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710540", "title": "Friday is as real as can be: Lijin Jose", "text": "Director of Friday, Lijin Jose, is of the opinion that the Malayalam film watching audience has changed for the better in the recent years.\"I was very apprehensive whether they would accept a film like Friday , which doesn't follow the formula, which doesn't have a hero. But they did, and that is extremely positive and encouraging for filmmakers like me,\" he says. \"When approached with the story, most producers were reluctant to take it up, because they wanted it to follow certain set rules. Me and scriptwriter Najeem Koya are lucky in that we found a producer who was willing to experiment,\" he says.Friday has a star cast including Fahadh Faasil, Ann Augustine and Manu, but all have been cast in deglam, realistic roles. \"All the incidents in the film are those which we have witnessed or heard about in real life. We had the content for the film and just threaded it together,\" he says.The decision to make Alappuzha the setting of the film was a common decision of the scriptwriter-director duo, since both of them grew up in Alappuzha. \"Even as late as the 90s, I went to college by boat. It's part and parcel of life in Alappuzha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705558", "title": "Widening of road to Sinhagad affects several rare, endangered plant species", "text": "PUNE: Botanists have said that widening of the road to Sinhagad is affecting the existence of many rare and endangered plant species. Sinhagad has about 500 species of flowering plants, of which around 72 are endemic to the area.The botanists have also underlined the need to conduct a study to fix the carrying capacity of this place and said that there should be scientific study before further widening of the road to ensure that the potential habitat of plant species is not destroyed.The public works department (PWD) has started rebuilding and repair of the 9-km ghat stretch. So far, 3 km of the road has been widened.Amateur botanist Shrikant Ingalhalikar told TOI that the road widening work can be a threat to the rich floristic heritage of Sinhagad. \"The steep cliffs along the ghat road are home to many plants. Some species here are rare and endangered. The worst loss is that of a rare climber, 'Seshagiria sahyadrica' which was discovered along the ghat road by scientists of the Botanical Survey of India a few decades ago. The 'type locality' of this plant now stands buried under a huge retaining wall,'' he said.\"Some other plants that are destroyed in road widening are 'Ceropegia macannii', 'Begonia concanensis', 'Campanula colorata', 'Sphenostylis bracteatus', 'Nephrostylis bracteata', 'Impatiens dalzellii' and 'Vigna khandalensis'. The plants on the lower plateau and slopes include 'Eriolaena quinquelocularis' and 'Desmodium umbellatum', Ingalhalikar said.\"All these plants were valuable to the area. A careful study was necessary before the escarpments were cut and embankments were filled. A restoration project for such plants is necessary. New plants can be brought in from other parts of the Sahyadri,\" he said.The Western Ghats were biodiversity hot spots but in some places the diversity was lost to a great extent. These areas include the tableland of Panchgani, Purandar fort, Mulshi, Khandala, Amboli, Bhimashankar and Kas plateau. Increasing human interference, construction of access roads and development of tourist facilities are the potential threats to our biodiversity,\" Ingalhalikar added.\"The wider road may also lead to an increase in traffic. Presently small buses from nearby locations go to the top of Sinhagad but soon multi-axle coaches will also go to the top and will add to the demands for facilities at the fort,'' he said.Sachin Punekar, founder president of Biospheres and a naturalist who has studied the flora and fauna of Sinhagad, said several endemic species of Western Ghats are seen in Sinhagad, along the cliffs, ghat region, road sides and hill slopes. Some are exclusive to Sinhagad.\"The cliffs along the ghat are an important habitat. A typical flora unique to this place is lithophytes. Sinhagad harbours flowering plants, lichens, fungi and bryophytes. We need to assess whether the road widening work will hamper potential habitats of these species. The carrying capacity of road also should be studied,'' he said.According to Punekar, if the widening has to take place, the work near the habitats of important species should be avoided. \"There should be a scientific advocacy in case of further road-widening. The cliffs and forest outskirts are also habitats for birds, rodents and mammals. I have discussed this issue with the forest officials,'' he said.Madar Datar, scientist at the Agharkar Research Institute, said that widening of road will bring more tourists to the area and that will lead to destruction of several plant species. \"There are species that grow in rock crevices. If the road is widened in this portion, it will destroy several species, including many orchids. 'Habenaria rariflora' is an orchid that grows in rock crevices here. 'Ceropegia macannii' and 'Begonia concanensis' are plants that grow near roadside,'' he said.When contacted, Nitin Kakodkar, chief conservator of forests (Pune), said the government has given permission for widening of the road. Out of the nine-km stretch, work on three km is completed. \"No one has brought to my notice the endemic plants here. If we come to know that there are some species that are found only here, we will look into the matter and examine it for alternatives or avoid road widening in that particular portion,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16704877", "title": "BJP slaps notice on BS Yeddyurappa's aide", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka BJP has been applying double standards when it comes to disciplining its members. On Saturday, BJP general secretary Raghunath Malkapure issued a show-cause notice to former special representative in New Delhi V Dhananjaya Kumar. He has been asked to reply within a week.This comes at a time when former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa is embarrassing the party no end. Earlier in the day, Kumar slammed chief minister Jagadish Shettar for his failure to protect the state's interests on the Cauvery issue. He had also recently criticised DyCM KS Eshwarappa on this issue. Shettar had recently sacked Kumar from the special representative's post.Party sources said the leadership was handling issues pertaining to discipline in an arbitrary manner. \"It did not take action when the Reddy brothers abused the party leaders, but it's quick to do so with some members,'' they added.Kumar said he hadn't received the notice and would decide whether to reply to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704983", "title": "...... And they lived happily ever after", "text": "NAGPUR: Sushil, a software engineer, had entered into a wedlock with Namrata after a two-year courtship.Initially, theirs was a dream marriage but differences emerged a couple of years after the birth of their daughter Karuna.When her relationship reached an inconsolable stage, Namrata decided to call it quits. She filed a divorce petition in the family court before leaving her matrimonial home.After one and a half years, the mandatory period for separation, their case came up for hearing before the court which referred the case for mediation.After a month or so, there was a complete turnaround as the couple decided to reunite for the sake of their daughter Karuna's future.Thanks to the fast-growing concept of 'mediation', Sushil and Namrata not only buried their differences, they even saved precious time, money and also avoided any kind of mental harassment. Most importantly, the reunion saved a family from disintegrating.Sushil and Namrata's story, beautifully presented through a street play on the premises of the family court by senior counsellor Shankar Pande and his wife, left an indelible impression on nearly 50 couples who are on the verge of separation. The couples were invited to attend an awareness programme on mediation on Saturday.Senior mediator Ranjan Rathi perfectly portrayed the role of a mediator in the play conceptualized and compered by lawyer Padma Chandekar. The play highlighted the major causes of separation.Interestingly, apart from the usual ones like growing interference of in-laws and ego clashes between the couples, mobiles emerged as the biggest factor for the ever-growing number of divorces in the country. Even family dramas on the small screen contribute immensely towards separations.The play also highlighted the fact that most cases are filed over petty issues that can be sorted out mutually between the couples and their families.The mediator plays an important role. He has to use all the skills at his disposal to listen to the grievances of both parties and then, find a way out. Principal family court judge Vimal Lohiya called on the couples who had filed divorce cases to first exercise the option of 'mediation' before fighting the lengthy legal battle.She informed that the mediation centre started functioning last year from June 13. \"Out of the 216 cases which were referred to the mediators, 70 turned out to be successful,\" she said.Zubeida and Syed Ali who reunited through mediation, shared their experiences. Jayashree Patil, who separated from her husband through mediation, also shared her thoughts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16705878", "title": "Hubby booked for suicide of Mum tourist", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police have booked the husband and mother-in-law of a Mumbai tourist who committed suicide in a Arpora hotel recently.Anshika Daswani, 36, from Mahim-Mumbai, was found hanging in the hotel on October 3 between 1pm and 2pm allegedly following a dispute with her husband.The deceased's sister Sangeeta Daswani and resident of Mumbai complained that since January 2011, Anshika was allegedly harassed and mentally tortured by husband Bharat Daswani and mother-in-law Meenu Daswani at their Mumbai residence.Sangeeta complained to the deputy collector that while in the Arpora hotel Anshika was allegedly subjected to cruel mental and physical harassment to meet their unlawful demands.Hence, the victim ended her life by committing suicide.Following an inquiry by the deputy collector, an offence was registered against the husband and mother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706057", "title": "District-level school athletics meet from October 10", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of Public Instruction, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat, office of the block education officer, Mangalore north range in collaboration with Urwa Parish schools, will organize the Dakshina Kannada district-level primary and secondary schools athletics meet 2012-13 at NITK ground near here from October 10. More than 750 students from the seven block education ranges in the district will take part in the two-day meet.Moses Jayashekar, deputy director, department of public instruction, told reporters on Saturday that apart from 750 students, nearly 200 judges will help in conducting the 10 events for boys and girls in the under-14 age group and 16 events for girls and 17 events for boys in the under-17 age group categories. Competitions will be held in track and field events, he said, adding that there will be 73 events in two categories.Students from the district won the first place in the state-level meet held in Udupi last year, he said, adding that students who bag first and second places in this meet in the under-14 and under-16 will represent the district in the state-level meet to be held in Chitradurga. Students aged under 14, who are studying in eighth standard and finishing first in their events, will represent the district in the primary school athletics meet, he said.Students aged above 14 and studying in eighth standard, finishing first in their events, will represent the district in the secondary school athletics meet, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16705291", "title": "Holy tree missed in Puja rituals", "text": "MIDNAPORE: With the jayanti tree - an intrinsic part of Bodhon that marks the beginning of Durga Puja - on the verge of extinction, Puja rituals are now observed in a half-hearted manner. While the priests are upset about the injustice being done to the Divine, botanists fear that jayanti tree could become completely extinct unless efforts are made to cultivate it.Durga Puja, we all know, begins with Bodhon - a ritual to welcome the Goddess who comes travelling all the way from Kailash to her maternal home. The kolabou (banana stem) worship is an integral part of Bodhon and is done on the morning of Sashthi. According to shastras, nine forms of Goddess Durga, including the kolabou, are worshipped on this day. But nowadays, the puja is usually done with eight forms of the Goddess as the Jayanti tree is hard to find.Purohit Purnendu Chakraborty, who performs the age-old puja at the Mullick household in Midnapore town, said the demand for jayanti trees far outstrips the scant supply during Durga Puja.The ritual is thus proving incomplete these days as the kolabou itself does not comprise the Nabapatrika or nine plants it is supposed to be made up of. The rituals require the Nabapatrika to make up the kolabou. The plants like Colacassis, turmeric, jayanti, wood apple, pomegranate, arum, ashoka and paddy are tied to a banana stem which represents the Brahmani form of the Goddess. The kolabou, wrapped in a red and white sari, is them smeared with vermilion and placed near the deity at Puja pandals.Vidyasagar University's professor of botany and forestry, Nagendra Verma, fears the tree could become extinct because of pollution and scant rainfall. \"Thus Centre must take steps to preserve the jayanti trees or else a day will come when the Puja can no longer be performed in accordance with the Puranas,\" said priest Raghupati Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704226", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd takes 9.5crore loan from Axis Bank", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash-strapped Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL), which reportedly has outstanding dues of around Rs 5,000 crore with over 28 banks and financial institutions, has now raised Rs 9.5 crore from Axis Bank by way of a short term loan. According to fresh disclosures made by the company to the Registrar of Companies (RoC) here, DCHL has availed itself of this credit facility from Axis Bank at an interest rate of 12% per annum and is to be repaid by way of bullet payment at the end of five and half months from the date of disbursement.Incidentally, the loan facility of Rs 9.5 crore from Axis Bank, to whom DCHL already owes over Rs 400 crore, was taken via a resolution at the board meeting on September 7 this year.According to extracts of the minutes of the meeting, the credit facility of Rs 9.5 crore from Axis Bank was availed on personal guarantees of DCHL chairman T Venkattram Reddy and vice-chairman T Vinayak Ravi Reddy in addition to other terms.According to the hypothecation documents, the small loan has been taken by extending the charge on the movable fixed and current assets of the company available to the bank on the existing facilities availed by the company including movable properties, stock in trade and intangible rights.These include all the properties like movable plant and machinery, tools and accessories, electrical systems, hardware, computer software, wiring, cables, switches, tanks, electronic spares, motor vehicles, furniture, fixtures and other equipment, among others.It also includes stock in trade including raw material (newsprint), stock in process, finished goods, cash and current assets as well as all amounts received and receivable by DCHL and all the intangible rights including the intellectual property rights, brands, copyrights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16704531", "title": "Cong takes on Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "KALYAN: The Congress has questioned Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation chief Ramnath Sonawane's decision to award a firm a Rs 4.25-crore contract for water tank repairs without issuing a tender notice.Congress group leader Sachin Pote said that as per the rules, Sonawane should have informed the general body of the corporation about this decision. He alleged that Sonawane directly brought forth a resolution for discussion in a standing committee meeting and the Sena-BJP awarded the contract to the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705466", "title": "Finally, Pune gets a sports policy", "text": "PUNE: The city has got its first-ever sports policy which promises to protect land marked for playgrounds and promote development of sports activities for children.The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) sports committee approved the policy on Saturday. \"It will now be forwarded to the general body. We have incorporated all issues concerning sports and this policy will help develop good sports infrastructure and promote sports in the city,\" said committee chairman Avinash Bagwe.The policy, which spells out guidelines for constructing sports complexes and developing grounds, has been prepared after consultations with sportsmen, coaches and sports organisations in the city.As per the policy, sports activity centres will be set up in different parts of the city. Several plots of land reserved for sports grounds in the development plan of the city are lying unused and some of them have been encroached upon. The 1987 DP had reserved 70 hectares of land in various parts of the city for playgrounds. However, till date, the PMC has acquired only 3.5 hectare of it.Interestingly, in October last year, the Supreme Court's judgment in the Sun Dew apartment case highlighted the need to protect land for public purposes and the role of politicians, the government and the administration in deleting amenity reservations. \"The spaces for public amenities are under a systematic attack and are shrinking all over the cities in India, only for the benefit of the landowners and the builders. Time has therefore come to take a serious stock of the situation,\" the Supreme Court bench comprising justice H L Gokhale and R V Raveendran had stated.\"Protection of ground reservation will be a top priority. Also, the policy talks about sports museum and a special library for books on sports. The policy also suggests the PMC to organize more sport events and institute awards for city sportsmen,\" said Bagwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ribba (kinnaur)", "code": "16706128", "title": "Kinnaur's women zip on cars to demand rights", "text": "Ribba (Kinnaur): Standing between heavy logs of woods and blossoming apple orchards, Kinnaur woman social activist Rattan Manjari is drawing up plans to kickstart a stir on property rights for tribal women in Himachal Pradesh.Nearly 20km from Ribba village, a group of 90 women are racing their wheels - an unusual sight till four years ago in the hills - to attend Manjari's clarion call for an October 15 meeting in district headquarters Reckong Peo.\"We drive cars. We surf Internet. We fix water and electricity problems. Why should we depend on husbands or our sons to live on a piece of land. We are the new age women,\" says Peo village head Lalita Negi, who runs a parlour, prattling on about her economic independence in broken English.Fifty-seven-year-old Manjari, who has taken the vow of celibacy, is inspiring these women through her mass movement group - Mahila Kalyan Parishad - against the patriarchal laws that bar women from inheriting property.The customary laws, written in 1926 and known as Wajib Ul Urj, for Kinnaur and Lahaul and Spiti districts of Himachal Pradesh, allow only sons to inherit the property of their parents or ancestors.\"Let Congress and BJP come here for canvassing and we're prepared for them. Unless they include the demand for rights in their manifesto, we are going to ensure a 'no show' in the elections,\" she warns.She looks unrestrained in her rebukes to the political leaders as she moves around her \"own home\".\"That's my home,\" she repeats herself thrice, lounging on a sofa in her living room that has an assortment of photographs of leaders like Rajiv Gandhi , Indira Gandhi and even yoga guru Ramdev.\"But I am not the only unfortunate woman whose mother bequeathed her entire agricultural land to her sons. I am here to change the social evil,\" she adds.As recent as August 23, these women knocked on the doors of Himachal Pradesh governor with a resolution. They spoke vehemently about their triumphs in day-to-day affairs and unfair laws.In 2005, the Hindu Succession Amendment Act was amended to enlarge the rights of a daughter, married and unmarried, and to bring her at par with a son or any male member of a joint Hindu family governed by the Mitakshara law.However, the law was not enforced in HP. The plummeting sex ratio - which stands at a dismal 818 females per 1,000 males - is already the lowest in the state.\"There are 6,000 females who are unemployed in the region. Rest of them go out of Kinnaur, seeking both marriages and jobs,\" says Sarchander Negi, industrial officer, Kinnaur.Manjari and her liberated women are now pinning their hopes that change will soon come to this fragile world and an ancient way of life will quickly drift into the past.According to the 2011 census, Kinnaur has 37,934 women in the region. Out of which, over 22,800 have already joined the signature campaign being run by Manjari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16704411", "title": "'Enhance prestige of legal profession'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Expressing anguish over the commercialisation of legal profession, AP high court acting chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose observed that advocates should shoulder the responsibility of enhancing the prestige of the bar.Speaking here at a meeting organised by the Indian Association of Lawyers (IAL) on Saturday, Justice Ghose said that Acts and the litigants are two eyes of the justice and that the faith of the commoner in the judiciary system would be intact only when both are balanced.Speaking at a meeting organised by the Indian Association of Lawyers (IAL) on Saturday, he cautioned \"A lawyer must be proficient in what to do and what not to do before arguing in defence of his client\". He said that the judicial system works like a chariot and every wheel of the system is as important as the other for it to run well.He said the members of the bar had a great role in protecting and enhancing the prestige of the judicial system. \"Practice of law was considered as the noblest professions in the past. Unfortunately, these days the profession has become completely commercial. Young lawyers should try to emulate the stalwarts of yesteryears and bring back the glory of the legal profession,\" observed justice Ghose.CJ Ghose cautioned lawyers against making adverse remarks against the bench when the ruling is not in their favour. Recounting his own experiences in the bar, justice Ghose said that he was initially reluctant to take up the job as judicial officer while practising in the Kolkata high court. He said that he got opportunities to join the bench between 1986 and 1989, but he continued as member of the bar due to his love for the profession. Justice Ghose said he finally joined the bench following the advice of his father.Speaking on the occasion, Justice N V Ramana said that everyone is answerable to the constitution and that lawyers were no exception. He said thatIndian udicial system was one of the best and transparent judicial systems in the world. He suggested that the members of the bar help the litigants who come to the court seeking justice in order to remove social imbalances in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710411", "title": "New shooting range at Punjabi Bagh", "text": "The National Rifle Association of India (NRAI), the apex body for shooting in the country, through its affiliate SportzCraft Inc, launched its 2nd 10M Shooting Range in Guru Harkrishan Public School (Punjabi Bagh) here at an impressive Opening Ceremony on Friday.Ace shooter and 2012 Olympic silver medalist Vijay Kumar inaugurated the second NRAI- Sportzcraft 10m Range, a joint venture of Delhi Gurudwara Prandhak Committee and NRAI through SporzCraft, in front of a packed audience comprising hundreds of school students, Chief Guest, Arvinder Singh Lovely , Hon'ble Minister of Urban Development &amp; Revenue, Delhi Govt. President of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC), Shri S.Paramjit Singh Sarna, senior NRAI officials and sports afficianadoes.Earlier, Union Sports Minister Ajay Maken had inaugurated the NRAI-Sportzcraft initiative -the 1st 10m Range in East Patel Nagar, which currently provides training and coaching facilities to 200 shooting aspirants.On the occasion of launching the 2nd Range, Olympic silver medalist Vijay Kumar said, \"I'm happy that NRAI and its affiliate SportzCraft is providing a great platform to youngsters to take up shooting and help them realise their dreams.\"Lovely said, \"I am very excited to see the excellent facilities and congratulate the management of the school and am hoping that we will discover a lot of medal winners through this initiative.\" Sarna said, \"I congratulate the SportzCraft team for their commendable effort. We will support shooting in various GHPS institutions in the coming year.\"NRAI through its affiliate Sportscraft plans to launch 200 modular 10 M Air Pistol and Rifle Shooting Range, to give opportunity to youngsters to take up shooting at affordable price. The air-condition ranges are equipped with all the facilities for young shooters like mini-gym, consumables like targets &amp; pellets, world-class weapons and trained coaches and are operational on all seven days from 8am to 8pm. Three more ranges are being opened at Guru Harkrishnan Public Schools in the next few months starting from the launch of the 3rd range at GHPS Nank Piao, G T Karnal Road on October 14, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704286", "title": "'Harassment by Kanda &amp; Aruna drove Geetika to suicide'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda unleashed \"a series of wilful and malicious acts of mental torture, threat, blackmail and stress\" on ex air hostess Geetika Sharma which compelled her to end her life, Delhi Police said on Saturday in a chargesheet - more than 1,000 pages long - filed before a session's court.The police accused Kanda and his key aide, Aruna Chaddha, of \"harassing, conspiring, intimidating and creating an atmosphere of terror and continuous pursuit\" in the mind of 23-year-old Geetika and \"she found no option but to end her life\". It mentions how Chaddha forced Geetika to undergo an abortion at Kanda's instance. According to the chargesheet, Kanda had evil designs on the victim from the first day she joined his company, MDLR, and he gave her undue favours with the intention of \"entrapping\" her.It also refers to a draft e-mail prepared by Geetika in 2010 suggesting that she was under pressure to submit to the \"illegal and lustful wishes of Kanda\".\"These acts of both accused persons tantamount to provocation and instigation of Geetika to end her life,\" the chargesheet filed in the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala claims. It cites 65 prosecution witnesses, including Geetika's family and the gynaecologist who terminated her pregnancy in March this year. ACMM Jangala took cognizance of the document and posted the case for further hearing on Monday.If convicted, both Kanda and Chaddha face life imprisonment since the police has also invoked section 467 (serious charge of forgery of valuable security), besides abetment to suicide, criminal conspiracy, criminal intimidation and destruction of evidence. Section 66 of the Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000, (hacking with computer system/sending offensive messages) has also been slapped.Ankit Sharma , Geetika's brother, said he was \"satisfied'' with the police probe. \"But he (Kanda) should not be released from jail as he can tamper with evidence and even intimidate witnesses,'' he said.Geetika, 23, was found dead on August 5 at her residence in Ashok Vihar, north-west Delhi. In her August 4 suicide note, she had said she was ending her life due to \"harassment\" by Kanda and Chaddha, a charge denied by them.The police said scrutiny of documents received from Microsoft had revealed that Geetika had drafted a complaint against Kanda and mailed it back to herself on October 4, 2010, alleging that there was foul play against her and expressing her apprehension that she was being harassed with the sole purpose of compelling her to join MDLR. \"She also suspected that the sole aim and motive of this campaign was to compel her to bow before the illegal and lustful wishes of Kanda, who was the mastermind behind the concocted incidents,\" said the chargesheet.\"This draft complaint indicates that she had pointed a finger at Kanda and said that he was the person behind all the mysterious acts which were creating immensely unbearable problems and acute mental pressure on her,\" the police added.Listing the acts of the accused which drove Geetika to suicide, the police said that on August 3, a day before she ended her life, Kanda's advocate, Ankit Ahluwalia, spoke to her over the phone. The suicide note alleges he conveyed the politician's message that she must sign on a petition filed in Goa to quash the FIR lodged against another MDLR employee, Ankita Singh, with whom Kanda had illicit relations and a biological daughter. The police have made Ahluwalia a prosecution witness while mentioning that Ankita has not joined the investigation and is hiding somewhere in Singapore .The chargesheet says that at the same time, Chaddha too called up Geetika's mother over phone and made allegations about Geetika's character. She said she must \"either sign or resign from the Sundale Education Society and return the admission fee of IILM immediately.\" Chaddha levelled these allegations on behalf of Kanda with full knowledge that these would be communicated to Geetika by her mother, the chargesheet said.The police said after her conversation with Chaddha, Geetika's mother spoke to Kanda who used foul language and not only confirmed the allegations but also made more such allegations. \"By sending forged and false e-mails and by making Geetika use a forged NOC when she left MDLR (which she had no reason to suspect to be forged) and joined Emirates Airlines, Gopal Kanda created an atmosphere of suspicion and distrust around Geetika in which she was not able to hold her head high and face her colleagues and friends,\" says the chargesheet.\"In such circumstances, she was naturally depressed as she had to resign from her job to save her dignity and (avoid) further embarrassment in the eyes of her colleagues and friends,\" the chargesheet says.After hearing from her mother that Kanda was threatening to register a false FIR against her at Gurgaon and was also going to publicize this fact, which Geetika thought would jeopardise her future, she rightly feared that she would be viewed with suspicion and distrust by her colleagues, friends and future employers and became extremely depressed and therefore, chose to end her life by hanging herself, the police has said.The police informed the court that an investigation was on to ascertain the role of Kanda's associate, Chanshivroop Singh. If needed, a supplementary chargesheet would be filed against him. Chanshivroop Singh was the man who went to Dubai and told Emirates Airlines that Geetika had got the job by using a forged document. The police say Chanshivroop was working as assistant manager in the MDLR group in 2010. He was sent to Dubai to ensure that Geetika was fired by Emirates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704839", "title": "HC lifts fee curbs on Loyola, Stella Maris", "text": "CHENNAI: Two separate orders of the Madras high court, restraining two top city colleges from collecting fee in excess of the structure fixed by the statutory fee-fixation committee, were vacated by the court on Friday.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, vacating the injunction orders passed against Loyola College and Stella Maris College. Whether the cases would merit to be treated as public interest litigation (PIL) would be decided on October 29.\"While hearing the petitions, it shall also be decided as to whether the internal fight between two groups of persons belonging to a church shall be treated as a PIL. Though the interim injunction was made absolute earlier, at this stage, we are of the definite opinion that such an order of interim injunction should not continue any further, and accordingly they stand vacated,\" said the bench.The matter relates to petitions filed by the Tamil Nadu Catholic Minorities Welfare Association, Choolaimedu, and the Federation of the Catholic Faithful against Loyola College and Stella Maris College respectively. Noting that the two colleges are aided institutions, the petitioners contended that the colleges are mandated to follow the fee structure prescribed by the statutory committee.The injunction order was passed against Loyola College on April 5, 2010, and Stella Maris College on June 2, 2012. Declining to vacate the injunction orders, the court had earlier made the restraint orders against the institutions absolute later.When the matter was taken up for hearing on Friday, Isaac Mohanlal, counsel for the colleges, submitted that they never indulged in profiteering and capitation fee collection, and added that the fee was collected on the basis of the proposals prepared by the finance committee and discussed by the governing body, which are legally competent committees.The counter-affidavits of the institutions too clarified that the fee prescribed were approved by the director of collegiate education, and the special fee and non-salary fee are audited annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706724", "title": "Prepared to contest elections before 2014: Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "VARANASI: Expressing resentment over the Congress-led UPA government's decision to introduce FDI in multi-brand retail, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav has said his party may be supporting the Central government, but is not happy with its policies.Yadav and his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav were in the city on Saturday to visit veteran socialist leader Ram Karan Dada who was hospitalised two days ago after experiencing breathing trouble. During a brief chat with reporters, the SP supremo said the party is prepared to contest parliamentary elections even before 2014.Yadav said SP had extended its support to UPA to keep communal forces away from power. He said the party would continue opposing FDI in retail. The speculation bazaar regarding SP's performance is abuzz before any election. \"We were sure to touch the 200 mark before the last assembly elections but did not know that we would come to power in the state with 224 seats,\" said the SP chief.Commenting on Akhilesh government, he said the party and him personally are fully satisfied with its performance. He said the party showed the determination to fulfill all its pre-poll promises in the first six months of governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16705528", "title": "Stop cruelty towards birds", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fearful and sad look envelops the parrot's face as a scissor cuts its wings. All this depicted using grains was part of an awareness programme conducted at the Brooke fields' Mall in the city on Saturday afternoon by animal rescuers, a group of animal lovers in the city. Students and animal lovers joined together to make the big picture.\"It was our way to create awareness regarding the cruelty towards birds,\" said Joseph Reginald, a volunteer at the organisation. \"Not many people know that keeping birds in cages is an offence. Birds are meant to be free,\" he points out.People keep parrots and other birds as pets, its quite common. But there are instances of feathers being cut. \"In order to keep the birds in the cages, their wings and feathers are cut. There have been several instances from the city,\" Reginald added. However, no awareness campaign is carried on it.To create the big picture of the parrot, around 350kg of grains were used for the event. Grains of products that interests parrots were used for the purpose. After the event, the remaining grains were given to the volunteers and interested people to feed the birds.Bhavin Shah, a bird lover involved in animal welfare activities said they conducted the event to drive home the message that cruelty towards birds should not be tolerated. \"The life span of birds reduces when in captivity. We need to be aware about the cruelty this inflicts on the poor creatures,\" he said.D Vanjith, a student of class 12 at the CMS Matriculation Higher Secondary School in the city who along with his friends participated in the activity said this was a learning experience for them. \"Showing the bird in minute details with fear and sadness made us think about the cruelty towards the bird,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710506", "title": "Dubbing pooja of SVSC held", "text": "The dubbing pooja of the multistarrer Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu was held today to formally commence the dubbing activities of the movie. Post production activities are going on simultaneously to get the movie ready in time for its intended December release.Victory Venkatesh and Superstar Mahesh Babu will be seen as brothers in this family entertainer. Samantha and Anjali will be seen as the leading ladies in the movie. Music is being composed by Micky J Meyer and the audio launch will take place next month. Srikanth Addala is directing the film produced by Dil Raju under Sri Venkateswara Creations.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705193", "title": "Change of heart or conspiracy gone awry?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Was it a change of heart for the group that found the stash of gold bars or was it a conspiracy to siphon off the entire stock worth Rs 7.36 crore that went awry? Naranpura police officials are searching answers to these questions as a bar of one kilogram gold is yet to be recovered by them. On Friday, police arrested nine persons including the garage owner who returned the gold to police.On Friday, Ashwin Shukla, a resident of Darshan Apartment, Naranpura, and owner of Ankit Automobiles, a garage near Vardan Tower in Shastrinagar, handed over 23 gold bars of one kilogram each to Naranpura police.The police had received a complaint on Thursday from Securitrans India Pvt Ltd that staff in one of its transit vehicle had reported a consignment of 25 kilograms of gold missing from Shastrinagar.\"We've arrested Mukesh Prajapati and Kanaiya Prajapati, residents of Chamanpura, Pankaj Nathbawa, a resident of Nava Vadaj, Naresh Prajapati, a resident of Naroda, Prahlad Prajapati, a resident of Meghaninagar, Kishor Parghi, a resident of Naranpura, Alpesh Patel, a resident of Shastrinagar, and Asif Qureshi, a resident of Madhavpura, along with Shukla, for theft and dishonest misappropriation of property,\" said Naranpura police station inspector N D Solanki.While Solanki refused to divulge the details of probe, sources said that mistrust among the group members who had found the gold drove Shukla to deposit the precious metal.\"We believe that Shukla genuinely did not know the exact amount of bars in the consignment that was found from the road by his workers and a nearby auto driver.Initially, everybody took one bar each when it was decided that they would at least wait for a couple of days before distributing among people who knew about it,\" said an investigating official.The consignment worth Rs 8 crore had been reported missing on Wednesday by the city unit of a Delhi-based security firm. The gold, according to a security firm employee, went missing in Naranpura while being transported in a vehicle.Naranpura police said that a manager with Securitrans India Pvt Ltd, Bakul Mehta, had filed a complaint in this regard.The complaint, a resident of Pragatinagar, said, a New York-based logistics firm had sent a consignment of 500 kilograms of bullion for Scotia Bank in Mumbai at Ahmedabad airport on September 28.The consignment containing 20 boxes of gold bars was collected by Securitrans staff members. Each gold brick weighed 1 kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709737", "title": "I never met Navleen in real life: Nishigandha Wad", "text": "Nishigandha Wad who plays the title role in the film \"In The Name Of.. Tai \" speaks about the film.Hindi Feature film \" In The Name Of.. Tai \" is a female oriented plot, where an educated village woman (lawyer), respectfully known as \" Tai \" chooses a valiant but a dangerous path. She unfortunately suffers in her personal life, yet selflessly battles for a common cause of protecting acres of land owned by the village farmers from the clutches of the Corridor of Power and Builders. Inspired from the real life story of slain activist lawyer Navleen Kumar, it is a very hard hitting film. Nishigandha Wad who plays the title role speaks about the film.How did you get this role? The director of the film Ujjwal V. Thengdi had called me and given me a brief about the story and my character. Later I met him in his office for complete narration. And I liked the story very much. So I decided to play this role. I would like to state that this film is Mr. Ujjwal V. Thengdi's dream project and I had to work Hard. I feel very lucky that he chose me for this role. His earlier critically acclaimed Marathi film 'Vazir', had gone to create new benchmark and was the turning point of Marathi Industry.This film is inspired from real life character. I am playing the role of Tai, the protagonist, in the movie and it was a pleasure to be a part of this movie. The movie will keep the audience inquisitive about what will happen when a straight forward person will enter into the world of politics and how she will move forward besides getting threatened by people. We hope that the audience will appreciate it.How did you do the time management for this role with your daily soap Sasural Simar Ka? Not only me, even other artists are from the TV industry. We all adjusted our schedule and did this film, because of the subject and the issue it raises. There is one artist by the name of Palvie who used to shuttle down between Britain and India. If she could manage across countries, then why not us?Did you do any particular study or research for this role? Frankly speaking I never met Navleen in my personnel life. So whatever I read, watched and saw gave me some idea about her personality. Then the storyline of the film, her character sketch done in it, all this gave me a chance to study her exact character. She was a lady who never looked back in her life. She even didn't care about herself or had any desire. She worked selflessly for her goal.This was a very bold film and many had declined it earlier. This role is experimental for me because this is real life and comes from current history. I have never done anything like this. Yes the film is bold but then struggle is always bold. Else one cannot carry it forward, especially if it is for some other people's issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708644", "title": "Sameera Reddy wraps up item song for KVJ", "text": "After shaking her leg with the likes of megastar Chiranjeevi and young tiger NTR, Sameera Reddy has just wrapped up grooving with Daggubati Rana. The dusky beauty will be seen in an item number in Krish-directed action drama Krishna Vande Jagadgurum. Sources say that the actress has completed shooting for this hot item song, which would mesmerize the audience.Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a bilingual (Telugu and Tamil) film releasing in Tamil as Ongaram. Rana will be seen as a B Tech Babu while Nayanathara is playing a documentary writer. Y Rajeev Reddy, Saibaba Jagarlamudi are jointly producing the movie. Mani Sharma has composed the music, which will be launched today in Hyderabad. V S Gnanasekhar is the cinematographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "16704400", "title": "Telangana Congress leaders' resignation demanded", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Activists of Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad (TGVP) on Saturday tried to gherao the house of MLC and former PCC chief D Srinivas. However, a strong police presence ensured that they could not storm the residence. Later, they staged a dharna demanding that the senior Congress leader from the region resign from his post and participate in the Telangana movement.They accused the Congress ministers, MLAs and MLCs of the region of not pressurising the party high command to take a positive decision on Telangana. The protesters were later arrested and shifted to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704284", "title": "CG Open: Harendra Gupta snatches Rashid's title", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when fortunes swung more often than the recession-hit sensex, Harendra Gupta had the last laugh at the BPGC on Saturday.The Chandigarh pro defeated a spirited Rashid Khan on the first playoff hole to keep his pride intact despite his final hole eagle being negated by the latter's birdie. Both were level at 13-under 267 before the CG Open went into a playoff.Gupta lifted his caddie after making a given on the playoff hole following Rashid's three-foot birdie miss. Celebrations followed with Gupta's friends spraying champagne upon him and lifting him on their shoulders.Lady luck seemed be on Gupta's side and his admission only proved that assumption. \"This win is for my wife Saroj. She has been with me through both tough and happy times.So, I want to dedicate this trophy to her,\" an elated Gupta told TOI after clinching his second title of the season.\"All day I was only concerned about my game and did not look at the leaderboard. But on the final hole I got to know that I was a stroke behind Rashid and to get level with him I needed a birdie.So, I went for the flag and to my luck it landed six foot from the pin, which I holed for an eagle,\" said the 28-year-old, who jumped to the top of the PGTI Order of Merit with the victory.Gupta, who was born in Gorakhpur, said that his celebrations will include a get-together with friends and grooving to Bhojpuri numbers sung by Manoj Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706263", "title": "Laxitya in V-P's security: 2 inspectors suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police on Saturday placed two inspectors \u2014 Amanjot Singh and Neeraj Sarna \u2014 under suspension for insubordination and negligence in the security of Vice-President M Hamid Ansari, during his visit to the city early this year. Sarna was posted as SHO at police station-3, while Amanjot was serving at Police Lines.Confirming the development, UT DGP P K Srivastva said the formal orders with regard to the decision were issued and both the officials have been placed under suspension with immediate effect. He, however, declined to elaborate. Sources said the decision followed a communiquA\u00a9 from the ministry of home affairs (MHA) to UT administration in the wake of an inquiry report submitted by Intelligence Bureau (IB). The report is believed to have indicated that the two officials were negligent in performing their duty while they were deployed for the security duty of VP Ansari.Singh, the then crime branch in charge, and Sarna, who then headed the cyber cell in UT police, were deputed for providing security to Ansari during his visit to PGI on May 5.Soon after his arrival, a group of agitating advocates arrived at the venue. Anticipating trouble, ASP Deshraj Singh, who was looking after the security arrangements, instructed both the officials to control the agitated advocates.While Neeraj Sarna was posted as SHO at police station-3, Amanjot was serving at Police Lines.The a??negligencea?? occurred on May 5 when Ansari had come to PGI for a visit. There, ASP Deshraj Singh, who was looking after the security arrangements, instructed both the officials to control a group of protesting advocates. However, Amanjot and Sarna reportedly refused to comply and instead started arguing with him.An inquiry was marked against the two and both were placed under suspension. However, things took a dramatic turn on May 22 when Amanjot submitted his resignation, alleging harassment at the hands of SSP Naunihal Singh and ASP Desh Raj. Apprehending controversy, the top brass did not accept the resignation and reinstated both the officials. The inquiry too was dropped. Sources said the UT top brass took the decision to suspend them following pressure from MHA, which sought to know the action police took.Inspector Amanjot was also nominated for gallantry award. Soon after the incident, he was transferred from cyber crime cell to Police Lines, Sector 26, early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16706246", "title": "Police 'get' letter from abducted girl", "text": "FARIDKOT: Weeks after failing to recover a minor girl, abducted from her house, the police are now claiming to have received a letter written by her from New Delhi stating that she had left the house on her own.On Friday, a police team took samples of the girl's handwriting from her family members and showed them the letter. However, Faridkot SSP G S Dhillon said, \"The letter can not affect the case investigation because the girl is a minor and it really has no meaning for us.\"Meanwhile, members of \" Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee\" have announced that October 12 will be observed as \"Faridkot bandh\" to protest the girl's abduction and police failure to recover her.The letter, written on both sides of a single sheet in Punjabi, was supposedly written by the minor girl saying that she had gone with Nishan, the prime accused in the case, on her own and that she left the house because her parents refused to marry her off to Nishan.\"I have not seen the letter yet and it was not sent to me, but I have information that it was sent to higher authorities. I can't comment on the contents of the letter but it won't have any effect on the case. As the girl is minor, the letter holds no meaning,\" said Faridkot SPP G S Dhillon.Meanwhile, the two accused arrested in the case, Virender Dhalla and Pradeep Pompy, were produced before the court on Saturday after three days of remand. The court sent them in police remand again.The 15-year-old, Class X girl, was abducted from Dogar Basti area. As per police record, Nishan Singh, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends armed with guns and iron rods had barged into the girl's house on September 24 afternoon and assaulted her parents before fleeing with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16705519", "title": "Eminent scholar Ma Ra Po passes away at 93", "text": "COIMBATORE: Eminent Tamil scholar and literary critic Ma Ra Po Gurusamy passed away at his Damu Nagar residence in Puliyakulam here on Saturday afternoon. He was 93.An influential literary figure from western Tamil Nadu, Gurusamy had carved out a place of his own in the Tamil literary world with his works of literary criticism of classical as well as contemporary writers. He was known for encouraging new writers and nurtured their creative impulses. An authority on ancient Tamil, Gurusamy was in the forefront of movements to protect Dravidian literature and culture. His works on Thirukkural, Kambaramayanam and Chilappathikaram are well known.After working as a Tamil teacher with PSG group of educational institutions for more than half a century, Gurusamy served at the World Tamil Research Centre. His writings are spread over 33 volumes. He also has six volumes of translations to his credit. After retirement from formal employment in 1980, Gurusamy found time to interact with literature students and language enthusiasts, until he breathed his last at 1pm on Saturday.According to well-known Tamil poet Sirpi Balasubrahmanyam, Gurusamy was an inspiration for many a generation with his passionate and authentic writings on major literary works. He also won laurels as an eminent teacher who cared for students. He also travelled extensively in and out of the country as part of his literary pursuits. He had also engaged in extensive research at the Thanjavur Tamil University, Madras University and Madurai Kamaraj University. He was instrumental in forming many literary clubs in Coimbatore including Kamban Kazhagam, Nannerik Kazhagam and Thirukural Mantram. Among his last works were a collection of essays and articles on Subramania Bharathi he edited for Bharathiar University and a new version of Kambaramayanam.City-based writer Marabin Mainthan Muthayya said Gurusamy started his writing career in Sakthi magazine as a young man. Later, he became a regular contributor to Kalaikathir magazine.Among his major works are Mu Vaa Ninaivukal (writings on author Mu Varadarajan), Gothunga Kavithaikal; Oru Thiranotta Parvai, Ilakkiya Suvai, Ilakiya Sinthanai, Gurumugam, and Kapilam. According to C Pichandy, general secretary of Association of University Teachers, Gurusamy would be remembered for moulding the destiny of hundreds of students across the state and for enriching Tamil language and literature.Gurusamy is survived by wife, four sons and two daughters. He will be cremated in Perur on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16709548", "title": "Mangalore Electricity Supply Company to 'green' power its corporate office", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Electricity Supply Company (MESCOM) Ltd is all set to go green in powering up its corporate office at Paradigm Plaza at Attavar Balakrishna Shetty Circle here. The company that set new national benchmarks in successfully bring down transmission and distribution losses from 17.5% to 11.92% as of last year, has drawn up an ambitious plan to utilise solar power, thereby reducing dependency on grid power like other consumers.The brainchild of former managing director Vijayanarasimha, the solar power project of the company has progressed to the stage where estimates are being prepared. The company will know the exact cost once the project comes to tender stage. As per the plan, the company intends to generate 25-KW of solar power, to meet the sanctioned load of corporate office. Any surplus power as per the plan will be ploughed back to the grid.Vijayanarasimha, since posted as managing director, Karnataka Vidyuth Karkhane told TOI that there is enough space on the roof top of the corporate office where the solar panels can be accommodated. \"We have had to make minor adjustments to building structure for it to take the load of solar panels to be set up on roof top,\" he said, adding that normally roof tops of buildings do not house additional heavy loads apart for water tank.The architects have taken care of this aspect, Vijayanarasimha said, adding as and when load in corporate office dips, surplus power can be sent to the grid. This most importantly could be the first such endeavour among electricity supply companies in Karnataka where an Escom is using green power to power up its corporate office. Similar endeavour has been planned for KEB Engineers Association Hall at Kavoor with plans to generate 10-KW power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706301", "title": "Ghatampur power plantto get operational by 2016", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Saturday entered into a joint venture agreement with Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited for setting up a 1980-Mw thermal power plant in Ghatampur of Kanpur Dehat. Proposed at a cost of around Rs 11,130 crore, the power plant is scheduled to be commissioned in three stages beginning December 2016. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who presided over the meeting, asked the officials to ensure timely completion of the project.According to the agreement, UP and Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited (NLCL) will have a share of 49% and 51% of the total cost. The state will be getting at least 64.39% of the total generation, and the state government will be releasing its share according to this ratio. Principal secretary (energy), Anil Kumar Gupta said that keeping in view the demand of power in the state, the government has demanded a share of 75% of the total generation. \"This way UP will add between 1,275 Mw to 1,350 Mw of power, depending upon the share of the generation,\" he said. While UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL) was represented by managing director, Dheeraj Sahu, Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited was represented by its chairman and managing director B Sundar Mohan.The plant is proposed to come up over an area of 2,500 acre. It will use 80 cusecs of water which will be provided by the irrigation department from the Fatehpur canal nearby.The plant happens to be crucial because of the fuel supply situation. It will be one of the few power plants in the state, which is unlikely to face much problem in supply of coal which will be supplied by the NLCL, an enterprise of the ministry of coal. However, since lignite happens to be an inferior type of coal, the power plant will require an augmentation of better coal. Official sources said that the state government has urged the coal ministry to ensure that the project does not face problem on that front.Interestingly, Union coal minister and Congress MP from Kanpur, Sriprakash Jaiswal himself has been pursuing the project for a long time. The project was conceptualised during Mayawati regime but could not take off. Mayawati had disallowed setting up of the project lest the state got 90% of the share of power produced from the project. This was not accepted by the NLCL, which insisted on 30% of the power to the state.It was only just before the assembly elections that Mayawati government agreed to allow the project in the state at NLCL terms. Things took a turn after Samajwadi Party stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh. The growing bonhomie between the SP and the Congress worked and the power sharing percentage improved considerably for UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706265", "title": "'Site museums can be developed as archaeological research centres'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The second day of the interactive workshop on site museums of the ASI and Museums of National Importance was held in the Museum. On this occasion Prof Manas Mukul Das, former HOD of the English, graced the occasion. The first theme to be discussed, as initiated by Prof Sunjay Jain of MS University, Baroda was on Image Building. He said that most of the museums of the ASI had the heavy 'Sarkari' image. This should be changed and be made man creative.Director, Allahabad Museum, Rajesh Purohit spoke about audience segmentation which includes breakup in terms of students, intellectual, spiritual etc. He said that replicas of objects can be made and the audience can touch the objects. In particular, care should be taken of pilgrims who come and see sculpture with reverence.Purohit further added that visitors segmentation that the family group should also be included for motivation to visit the Museum. He also threw light on Visitors Experience Journey. During the discussion it was pointed out by Director, Allahabad Museum that the site museums of India can also be developed as an academic and research centre for archaeological research.In his address Ghoshal, head of the Site Museums of Eastern India said that the problems of site museums are different from that of the National Museum. Observations were offered by S Ramanathan,resource person on behalf of the ASI and S B Ota, Regional Director of the Central Zone of the ASI.Speaking on the spiritual concept with exhibits, Neeraj Sinha from Vaishali Museum said that there should be meditation hall besides the religious exhibits for the pilgrims who particularly come to see objects in the Museum. Another speaker A A Hashmi discussed the problems of the Chanderi Museum, Assam.From the Allahabad Museum, Dr Prabhakar Pandey, Dr RK Misrha, O A Wankhede, Waman Wankhede, Pradeep Kumar,Srivastava, Dr Ajai Kumar, Sunil Pandey and Harivansh participated in the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704276", "title": "TJAC-TRS differences come to fore", "text": "HYDERABAD: The differences in the political parties and organizations spearheading the separate state movement came to the fore when two meetings took place simultaneously on Saturday. While TJAC convener M Kodandaram and K Srinivas Goud held a meeting with Telangana Congress MPs at Nizambad MP Madhu Yaskhi's house on Saturday afternoon, TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao called all the other TJAC leaders to his Pragnapur farmhouse for a lunch.While some TJAC members claimed that the farmhouse meeting was an attempt at a rapprochement between KCR and Kodandaram, others said it was aimed at undercutting the growing importance of Kodandaram and Srinivas Goud in the Telangana movement, something that has been spearheaded by KCR till now.Incidentally, ever since KCR returned to Hyderabad four days ago, he has avoided meeting Kodandaram, despite the latter making attempts to call on the former.The Chalo Hyderabad march, the brainchild of TJAC and other political parties such as BJP, CPI, and CPI (ML-New Democracy), has driven a wedge between the TJAC and the TRS. Sources said the TRS was not in favor of such massive mobilizations when its leader KCR was holding talks with the Congress leadership in Delhi, while the TJAC was of the view that such mass movements should run parallel to the lobbying in Delhi.Buoyed by the success of the T-March, the TJAC meeting, held at the residence of Madhu Yaskhi, resolved to hold such marches periodically on various issues such as lifting of the cases booked against the students and TJAC leaders, farmers issues, weavers and power crisis etc.Those present at the meeting included MPs Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Ponnam Prabahakar, S Rajaiah, Manda Jagannatham, G Vivekananda and Balaram Naik. Other who participated in the meeting apart from Kodandaram and Srinivas Goud were former Rajya Sabha member K Keshava Rao, balladeer Gadar MLC K Dilip Kumar etc.The meeting also discussed the boycotting the Andhra Pradesh formation day on November first, as well as observing the third anniversary of the December 9 statement as a black day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705162", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's relief turns into a pinch for commuters, autos cash in", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee may have all the good intentions for commuters but her way of providing \"relief\" has turned into a pain for millions.The government sticks to its no-hike policy because it does not want to add to the common man's burden. But the truth is that Kolkatans are forced to pay many times more for the same journey. Several buses have gone off the roads because their owners cannot take any more losses.The lack of public transport is pinching the pockets of commuters. Partha Chakrabarty, a trader, used to take the Route 206 bus from Ajaynagar, off EM Bypass, to his Gariahat shop for Rs 6. Now he has to shell out at least Rs 20.\"I have to take an auto from Ajaynagar to Santoshpur Jora Bridge for Rs 5. Then I pay another Rs 7 to get to Jadavpur 8B bus-stand by auto. Buses are so crowded these days that it is impossible to get on one. I have to take another auto from Jadavpur to Gariahat for Rs 8,\" Chakrabarty said. He has to endure the 300% jump in commuting cost until the group of ministers takes a decision on fares.Transport minister Madan Mitra, however, pledges to continue with the \"relief to passengers\" until the group of ministers decides on the fare.The government decision to put populist politics before economics is bleeding the ailing state transport corporations. The embargo on fare revision has increased the burden on corporation finances by another Rs 2.1 crore a month, said an official. Running expenses have shot up due to a Rs 5 hike in diesel, a Rs 100 increase in lubricants, and a 18% hike in spares and tyres and crude oil.The group of ministers, under finance minister Amit Mitra, is aware of the hard facts. Faced with the challenge to make ends meet, the Mamata Banerjee government has slashed subsidies to transport corporations and has also put on hold the 10% DA to transport employees. It has also denied the 3% annual increment in transport undertakings.For commuters, the harassment is increasing by the day as more private buses call it quits.Government buses are hard to find and even if you get on one, there is no guarantee that it will reach the destination.Gautam Chakrabarty, a private firm employee, learnt it the hard way when he took a state bus from Esplanade to Beliaghata. \"We had hardly crossed three stops when the bus came to a halt. The driver switched off the lights, and said it won't go any further,\" said Chakrabarty. When the passengers grumbled, the bus conductor shouted at them, giving vent to his anger over wages.The situation is worse in the districts. Buses under the NBSTC have stopped plying in non-viable routes, going against the welfare approach of the government. In India, public transport fares are fixed by dividing the total expenses by passenger-kilometres.Bengal doesn't have a regulatory mechanism to address all the factors.Till then, Madan Mitra prefers to continue with old fares. \"We are keeping a watch on the situation and the government will take a decision accordingly.\" He has ordered that 1,800-2,000 more government buses be deployed in the event of a pullout by private operators. The idea is to make up for the deficit by accommodating more passengers than usual in the city, in view of the supply crunch in public transport.Commuters are the biggest losers in this fare game. But the big gainers are autorickshaw operators, who have been cashing in on the lack of buses.Monthly loss of the state transport corporations due rise in input costs1. CSTC: Rs 60 lakh2. NBSTC: Rs 60 lakh3. SBSTC: Rs 50 lakh4. CTC: Rs 30 lakh5. Surface Transport: Rs 10 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705720", "title": "Couple held for teen\u2019s rape", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police arrested a couple from the Shindegaon area for abducting and raping a 16-year-old girl. A complaint was lodged by the victim on Friday. She said that on May 15, the two accused - Arjun Gaikwad (30) and wife Rekha Gaikwad (25), resident of Saikheda Road, Shindegaon, came to her and said they were leaving for their native place and wanted her to accompany them. The accused also told her that they had sought permission from her parents. She said that Arjun raped her several times between May 15 to October 4, while his wife instigated him to do so.Vehicle TheftA Hero Honda bike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen from Mahalaxmi Apartment, near Bhujbal Farm on Friday evening. Sudhir Patil of Jadhav Sankul, Ashok Nagar, has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Ambad Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710004", "title": "Abhinav Bindra launches Pizza chains in India", "text": "Olympic Gold Medallist shooter Abhinav Bindra has decided to enter into food business soon. Recently he formed a joint venture with Pizza Vito Pizzas, called the Pizza Vito Holding, to bring the brand into India.Informs Dr A S Bindra, father of Abhinav, \"Abhinav is a foodie and decided to venture into food business, but that doesn't mean that he shall ignore his game shooting. We are soon planning to set up various outlets in India like Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Ludhiana and Mumbai. The company has mega plans to introduce Pizza Vito to other Asian countries such as Kuwait, the UAE, Malaysia, Singapore. Abhinav will be one of the main stakeholder of the company. It is an up market food chain originally from US and we hope to introduce some interesting pizzas in the menu which will be healthy , based on go green concept and so on.\"So , will there be any special pizza named after Abhinav and Dr Bindra smiles, \" Well we haven't decided anything like that. But certainly it would be interesting to introduce a special pizza in name of Abhinav for all his fan followers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710367", "title": "Mila Kunis attends Kabbalah service with Kutcher", "text": "Mila Kunis , who is said to have gone public about her romance with Ashton Kutcher in recent weeks, accompanied her beau of six months to Rosh Hashanah holiday services at the Kabbalah Center in New York City September 18.\"The men and women are separated during the service, but Ashton always smiled at her,\" Us magazine quoted an eyewitness as saying.The witness added that afterwards the 34-year-old actor \"ran to embrace her.\"\"They were clapping and praying. She was taking it all in,\" the witness said.The 'Two and a Half Men' star first joined the sect popular with celebrities like Madonna in 2003, with his now-estranged wife Demi Moore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16705794", "title": "Stem borers eat into Arabica production", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The production of Indian Arabica coffee has been threatened by the White Stem Borer (WSB), to such an extent that Arabica plantations are rapidly being replaced by Robusta plantations in the district.Confirming this, Nishanth R Gurjar, the new chairperson of Karnataka Planters Association (KPA), said: \"Indian Arabica Malbar and Mysore nuggets are famous in the world coffee market and it still fetches premium price. But the rampant WSB menace and the increasing cost of production have forced growers to convert their Arabica plantations to Robusta coffee plantations.\"He added that at one point 70% of the coffee plantations in the country grew Arabica variety and 30% grew Robusta. \"But now, the situation is exactly the opposite,\" he said.Gurjar urged the Coffee Board and the Union commerce ministry to revamp the Coffee Board and also conduct extensive research to contain WSB menace.\"Scientists should focus on creating coffee varieties resistant to WSB and leaf rust disease,\" he said and added that giving more subsidies to machines which can reduce the dependence on manual labour will be helpful.Subsidy scheme should be extended to corporate and cooperative sectors in plantations, he added.The drip irrigation equipment should also be covered under subsidy scheme, pulpers which requires very less water and produce zero pollutants should also be included in subsidized items list.The replanting subsidy should not be limited to 20 hectares and below, but should be made available to small, big and large growers including corporate and cooperative sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706152", "title": "'Ammaji' to be Haryana EC's poster girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's Election Commission is all set to rope in TV actress Meghna Malik, popular as the high-handed 'Ammaji' of ''Na Aana Is Des Laado'' - a serial focusing on female foeticide and other atrocities against women - as its brand ambassador.The state election commission has initiated steps to sign her as its brand icon to spread awareness among people about their voting rights and the need to enroll their names in electoral rolls.Sources confirmed that the decision to make her the brand ambassador was taken considering the large rural chunk of voters in the state where Meghna enjoys immense popularity as 'Ammaji'. A proposal in this regard has been sent to the Election Commission of India for final approval.After the nod, she will appear in all advertisements of the Haryana Election Commission in print and visual media. Haryana's chief electoral officer Shrikant Walgad refused to elaborate on the proposal.In November 2011, the state EC had selected boxer Vijender Singh as its brand ambassador. Sources said it will be easy for Meghna to convey the EC's messages through advertisements as she is very popular among Haryana's rural women.Born in Sonipat district of Haryana, Meghna, 40, completed her post-graduation in English from Kurukshetra University. Meghna has also performed in many plays produced by National School of Drama and acted in several serials. In a recent interview with the TOI, Meghna had said that she wanted women to speak up for their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705640", "title": "Amendments under rent law allowed", "text": "PANAJI: Rent control authorities can now allow parties to make amendments to the eviction applications filed before them. A division bench of the high court of Bombay at Goa has held that authorities under the Goa, Daman and Diu Buildings (Lease, Rent and Eviction) Control Act, 1968, have the jurisdiction for the same.In 2010, a single bench of the high court had held that the rent controller or the administrative tribunal did not have the powers to permit amendments in the course of proceedings for eviction as there was no express provision under law. The case being heard at the time was that of Panduronga Timblo Industries.Following the ruling, rent control authorities declined to allow amendments to the pleadings and the aggrieved parties approached the high court. In 2011, another single bench judge of the high court did not agree with the judgment passed in the Timblo case and the matter was further referred to a division bench.Comprising Justices S A Bobde and U V Bakre, the division bench delivered a recent verdict to resolve the legal tangle. \"Certainly, in our view, the power to permit such amendments must be taken as having been conferred on the original authorities in any case impliedly, throughout the proceedings i.e. at all stages. We wish to make it clear that the power to carry out amendments must be extended not only to plaints but also to written statements under the Rent Control Act,\" the division bench observed. From P 1During the case's hearing, the applicants argued that though there is no express provision conferring power to permit amendment of the pleadings on the rent controller, rent tribunal and the appellate board under the Act, such a power is impliedly conferred on the authorities. Opposite parties countered that the legislature deliberately did not confer the power to permit amendment of pleadings on the authorities under the Act.Gavel Speak2010: HC single bench rules that rent controller or administrative tribunal does not have powers to permit amendments in eviction applications during the course of proceedings, as no express provision under law2011: Another HC single bench disagrees with order, case referred to division bench2012: Division bench rules that the 'power to permit such amendments must be taken as having been conferred on the original authorities in any case impliedly'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710827", "title": "Ajit Ravi all set for a Mollywood debut", "text": "After a successful stint in television, Ajit Ravi will make his acting debut in his directorial flick Ravu.Till now he has been busy organising beauty pageants and lending a helping hand to aspiring musicians. But now, Ajit Ravi feels that time has come to live his dreams. It is a dream come true for Ajit, who is acting in his directorial debut Ravu .\"I have been producing and directing television programmes and have been active behind the camera for the last 13 years. Now, I guess it's time for me to be in front of the camera,\" says Ajit, who will essay the lead role in Ravu .Ravu , a bilingual thriller, will have newcomers such as Nancy Gupta, Sanam Prasad, Vinu Abraham, Sajimon Parayil, Vanitha, Krishnachandran, among others. The movie tells the story of four youngsters who lead a happy-go-lucky life, until an unexpected incident changes their lives forever.Through this movie, Ravi intends to set yet another platform for aspiring actors in Kerala. \"Glitz and glam, money and fame seem to have attracted quite a lot of youngsters into the film industry. It's also a great medium for artistic expression and a huge commercial enterprise,\" says Ajit.While Krishna will crank the camera, Vinod Venugopal will score the background music. Scripted by Vinu Abraham, the shoot is progressing in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16706014", "title": "State govt seeks report on condition of zoos", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has sought a report from newly-formed Zoo Assessment Committee on the conditions of different zoos in the state. \"After inspecting all the zoos the committee will submit its report basing on which further action for their development will be taken,\" said R K Sharma, principal secretary, forest and environment department on the occasion of 58th wildlife week celebration in the city on Saturday. There are one big zoo, 11 small and mini zoos in the state.Speaking on the occasion forest and environment minister Bijayshree Routray said, \"Extinction of any single species creates an imbalance in the environment.\" He highlighted steps are being taken by the department for conservation of forest habitat, reclamation of degraded forests and reconnecting the fragmented wildlife habitats.Shyama Om Prasad Mishra of Subarnapur was conferred the prestigious Biju Patnaik Award for Wildlife Conservation for his efforts to conserve House Sparrows. Mishra has distributed indigenously made nests in households in Subarnapur and Boudh districts. It created a significant impact and the population of the species increased in the area. The number of sparrows had declined over the past few years due to loss of nesting sites. Mishra also made a documentary film 'Aa Pheri Aa Ghara Chatia' to create awareness about the conservation of house sparrows. The award comprises Rs two lakh cash prize and a citation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16706326", "title": "Deadlock over display of ads on lamp post continues", "text": "KOCHI: The deadlock over the display of advertisements on lamp posts is continuing at the Kochi Corporation with the opposition councillors insisting on initiating action against town planning committee chairman K J Sohan and town planning officer K S Subash.The opposition has alleged that the lax attitude of the authorities had caused the civic body a loss of Rs 55 lakh.The corporation had given a private agency permit to display tenders on 1,773 lamp posts. The tenure of the agency which had been given permit to display advertisements on lamp postsended in March 2011.Though the agency was bound to remit Rs 65 lakh to the corporation in this regard, the officials had failed to collect Rs 55 lakh from it.Defending their stance, the town planning committee stated that the ad agency was able to put up advertisements only on 483 lamp posts and had remitted Rs 10 lakh. \"Owing to objections raised by the national highway authority of India (NHAI) they were not able to put up advertisements between Thykoodam and Edappally. And as the Kaloor-Kadavanthra Road belongs to the Greater Cochin Development Authority, the ad agency couldn't put up advertisements on that stretch too,\" said Sohan.Another agency was given the tender to place ads on lamp posts on MG Road. But they were not able to get the benefit and hence approached the corporation to exclude the rate charged for those lamp posts not used by them, Sohan sad.The corporation maintained that it would have to verify and cross check the information provided by the agency.The opposition has alleged that despite the expiry of the tender, the agency, NM Enterprises, had continued displaying advertisements.On Thursday, mayor Tony Chammany had ruled out the need for ordering a vigilance investigation into the issue.He had announced in the council that the finance committee would hold a hearing for the ad agency on October 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706707", "title": "Women block GT road over land dispute", "text": "VARANASI: Angered by the alleged inaction of the district administration in a land dispute, a group of women from Harduttpur village under Rohania police station demolished parts of a boundary wall before staging a blockade at GT Road in Shehanshahpur for several hours on Saturday.According to reports, a native of Luxa owns about 32 bigha land in Harduttpur village. While going through the land revenue record of the village recently, the gram pradhan found that about 3.5 bigha land of the gram samaj, a temple, pond and primary school had been locked in by a boundary wall constructed by the said native.After this fact came to light, a group of women from the village visited the office of the district magistrate two days ago and informed him of the same. They said due to construction of the boundary wall, they had to take a long detour to get to the main road. They had also warned of an agitation if the boundary was not removed within 48 hours. On Saturday afternoon, the women damaged the same boundary wall and then reached Shehanshahpur where they blocked traffic on GT road.Though heavy police force was deployed in the area, the policemen remained mock spectators before the agitating women. The women agreed to call off the stir three hours later when a sub-divisional magistrate reached the spot assured them of action in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16704718", "title": "Accused RTO clerk remanded to PCR", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: District police is going to alert neighbouring states regarding irregularities akin to those unearthed at Chandrapur RTO. The irregularities came to fore during investigations into an interstate car theft racket that was busted here. Police have so far arrested 10 including a head clerk of RTO office for theft and sale cars with fake registration.When cops got whiff of similar irregularities taking place at some RTO offices in Madhya Pradesh, they alerted the police officials there. SP Rajiv Jain said that deputy SP Samir Sheikh, who is heading the investigation, had gone to Jabalpur along with his team and unearthed similar irregularities in RTO office. Sheikh met Jabalpur city SP and also crime SP. He then briefed them about the irregularities and sought their help to unearth the same at their end.\"We have got information about similar irregularities happening in some RTO offices in Chhattisgarh. We are also going to alert the police authorities in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, where similar fake registration of stolen cars is suspected to be taking place,\" said Jain.A team of investigators will soon visit their Chhattisgarh counterparts. \"The gang has contacts in Chhattisgarh. One of the cars registered at Chandrapur RTO using fake papers had been stolen from Chhattisgarh. More such cases are likely to come to fore as investigation progresses,\" he said.SP Jain also blamed Chandrapur RTO authorities for not cooperating in investigations. \"We had sought several documents related to investigations, but RTO authorities have not provided them,\" he charged.Meanwhile, RTO clerk Laxman Tambde, who aided the gang in the fake registration of stolen car, has been sent to PCR up to October 9.\"The role of other officers in RTO office too is under scanner. The vehicle inspector and assistant RTO have to scrutinize vehicle and other related documents at different stages during registration of vehicle at RTO office. However, these officers seem to have overlooked these procedures when these stolen vehicles were registered at RTO office here,' Jain said.He was optimistic that accused clerk Tambde would reveal details of modus operandi and others in department involved in the racket. Cops have so far seized six brand new stolen cars that were registered in fake names with counterfeit documents at Chandrapur RTO by the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16705133", "title": "Trains on Bangalore-Mysore sector cancelled", "text": "BANGALORE: Due to the state-wide bandh on Saturday, a few trains were either cancelled, diverted or partially cancelled. Trains cancelled on Saturday mainly included those on the Bangalore-Mysore sector.The Mysore-Bangalore passenger trains (Nos 56229, 56232. 56237 and 56238) were cancelled. A Jaipur bound train from Mysore was diverted in Bangalore. The Mysore-Jaipur Express (No 12975), that left Mysore on Saturday did not make its scheduled stop at Bangalore Cantonment. Passengers had to board the train at Bangalore City station at 6 pm.Train number 12725 Bangalore-Dharwad Siddaganga Intercity Express leaving Bangalore on Sunday will run up to Hubli only and not till Dharwad. Correspondingly, train number 12726 Dharwad-Bangalore City Siddaganga Intercity Express will be partially cancelled between Dharwar and Hubli on Monday and will start from Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705219", "title": "Mamata Banerjee miffed at LPG price hike", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Very bad, very sad.\" That was chief minister Mamata Banerjee's Facebook comment on the cooking gas price hike, reflecting the frustration over her inability to do anything, having quit the Manmohan Singh government less than a month ago over similar reform measures that entailed cap on LPG subsidy, hike in diesel price and opening retail to FDI.Following the price revision, subsidized domestic gas will cost Rs 412.50 against Rs 401 in Kolkata, while the price of non-subsidized gas will go up from Rs 913 to Rs 925. The non-domestic gas used for midday meals and at Army canteens will go up from Rs 1,109 to Rs 1,122. In far reaches of north Bengal, the same cylinders will cost Rs 423.50, Rs 925 and Rs 1,392 respectively.\"Do you know how many times prices have been increased, affecting the interest of the common people during UPA-II? Today again central government has hiked LPG prices by Rs 11.42 per cylinder,\" the CM's latest entry in FB read.In city households, people are yet to reconcile to the reality of having to pay over Rs 900 for cooking gas after exhausting the quota of six subsidized cylinders. Bhawanipore resident Rekha Shrivastav said: \"I would like to remind our PM a quote that he used in the past: 'Paise ped par nahin ugte' (Money does not grow on trees). I wonder how an average household will manage with kitchen fuel becoming prohibitive. I have to cut down on dishes that take longer to prepare.\"Having already used the first of three subsidized cylinders that will be available till March 31, Behala resident Anuradha Thakur knows she is in for a tough time to control the kitchen budget. \"My quota of subsidized gas will be over by November. Thereafter, kitchen expense will shoot up,\" she said.Cooking gas dealers, however, are glad. \"The commission increase was needed as expenses have gone up. Moreover, with the petroleum ministry allowing only one LPG connection per household to curb misuse of subsidy, we expect a sharp drop in revenue as there are many houses with multiple connections,\" Sukomal Kumar Sen, regional secretary of Bharat Gas Dealers' Association.Currently, 14.3-15.6 lakh cylinders are used in the city per month. The commission revision will mean an additional collection of Rs 1.72-1.87crore from consumers in the city. Sources in Indane that controls 60% market share said that while dealers were paid a consolidated commission of Rs 25.83 earlier, it has been revised to Rs 35.25 that includes delivery charge of Rs 15. The commission for non-subsidized cooking gas is 75 paise higher at Rs 38 as dealers have to invest higher capital to stock the cylinders that cost more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "16707963", "title": "Young at 60: 1 in 5 Russian women want to wed Putin", "text": "MOSCOW: One in every five Russian women would like to marry Vladimir Putin , according to a poll released ahead of the Russian president's 60th birthday on Sunday. Just 43% answered that they \"definitely would not\" want to marry Putin, while 6% said they \"definitely would\" and 14% said they \"probably\" would.The survey, for the independent Levada polling centre, polled nearly 2000 women across Russia.During the 12 years he has run Russia, Putin has cultivated the image of a healthy, virile action-man, often posing topless for cameras.A female pop duo released a song called 'A Man Like Putin' in 2004, in which they listed the positive qualities of the Russian leader and wished for a husband who was just like him.In recent months, there have been growing protests against Putin's rule and his stunts have provoked amusement rather than awe, notably a recent mission to help rare Siberian cranes begin their winter migration, during which Putin flew a microlight while dressed in white to fool the birds. Contrary to the survey results, a commentator in Russian Forbes wrote on Friday that \"when there is no trust, any cult of personality becomes a parody\".Experts say, many of Putin's supporters back him out of apathy and fear of change rather than genuine enthusiasm. Such support may fade away quickly if energy prices slump, leading to widespread hardship.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706210", "title": "5 drunken youth beat up 2, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five tipsy youths in a car chased two youths in another vehicle, intercepted and allegedly thrashed them with a helmet at sectors 22-23 lightpoint in the wee hours. One of the youths also opened fire with his air gun. The youths who were beaten up too were inebriated and identified as Vijay, a resident of Sector 23 and Amrit Singh of Sector 37.The incident took place at around 1.30am on Saturday. Police arrested all seven youths. Their medical examination confirmed that the youths were in an inebriated state when the incident happened. Police said the footages of CCTV cameras at the lightpoint also confirmed the incident.The culprits were identified as Tarun Aggarwal, Charanjeet Singh, Rahul, Subham Sharma and Banni. Vijay Kumar and Amrit Pal Singh, who were in the other car, were also drunk. Tarun had fired a shot with his air gun, which has been seized.The incident occurred following a brawl between the two groups near a liquor vend in Kaimbwala village at around 12.45am. Police sources said Vijay and Amrit managed to escape from Kaimbwala but the accused chased them and intercepted their vehicle at the light point.SHO of Police Station Sector 17 Ram Gopal said Tarun of Sector 21 had opened fire. He along with four others, he had been sent in judicial custody. Aggarwal is a son of local businessman. The accused were arrested on charges of assault, thrashing and firing in air. Vijay and Amrit, who were thrashed, have been booked under sections related to prevention of crime.Meanwhile, accused Tarun claimed before the media that Vijay and Amrit also beaten them up and the issue was resolved when they called up police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705096", "title": "Saugata Roy slams TMC role in campus attacks, raps MLA", "text": "KOLKATA: A member of Mamata Banerjee's Team UPA showed on Saturday why the chief minister has given them key roles in her government when he spoke out against attacks on college principals \u2014 something his peers and colleagues in the state hadn't dared do, especially when Trinamool Congress activists were involved.Saugata Roy , the Dum Dum MP who resigned as Union minster last month after Mamata walked out of the UPA, also expressed his disgust over a \"Class VIII passout\" being nominated as president of a college governing body, a reference to the Trinamool's Bhangar MLA Arabul Islam, though he did not mention his name.Speaking at the principal council's meet at Asutosh College, where he once taught, Roy called upon the principals to start a satyagraha against such violence.Trinamool functionaries felt Roy was voicing Mamata's concern over the way the party's student wing has gone berserk in campuses across the state \u2014 from Raigunj College to Surendranath College \u2014 and assaulted principals.Though Roy's critique comes nine months after the violence at Raigunj College on January 5, the professor-turned-politician showed the way to others, rising above party lines.State finance minister Amit Mitra, chairman of state higher education council Sugato Marjit and vice-chancellor of Calcutta University Suranjan Das were present at the meet.\"When I retired as professor from Asutosh College, my teacher colleagues requested me to take charge as the college governing body president. However, I do not take any pride in the matter since I hear that people who have passed class VIII have also become the governing body president in other colleges,\" Roy said. This Class VIII passout (Arabul) became so arrogant after taking charge that he threw a jug full of water at the Bhangar College teacher Debjani Dey because she \"didn't toe his line\". The incident earlier this year raised a furore in the civil society.Roy urged principals to report such incidents to the government and start a satyagraha against the offenders. Recalling the incidents at Raigunj and Rampurhat colleges that the CM had described as being \"played up\" by the media, Roy said, \"Incidents like the ones in Rampurhat College and Raiganj College are alarming. The visuals of college principals being dragged out, their clothes being torn off and beaten up ruthlessly by students make my stomach churn from the pit. The assault on principals should be condemned by all. For the sake of politics, these kinds of incidents should not be tolerated. It is the government's responsibility to provide security to the college principals inside campus. I am sure that the government is taking steps to do the same. If the college students heckle principals and college teachers then the concerned principal should inform the matter to government. They should also not go weak, rather start a satyagraha after assembling ten other principals.\"Calling these incidents shameful, he added, \"It is not a question of political will but it is a matter of civility.\"The former Union minister also came down heavily on the Left Front government for upgrading Presidency College into a university when it didn't have the proper infrastructure. \"The college could have been granted autonomy instead of being turned into an university since it does not have adequate infrastructure,\" Roy said. He dared to question the Mamata Banerjee government's decision to provide additional funds to Presidency University, sounding similar to emeritus professor Sukanta Chaudhuri who quit the mentor group for Presidency against the discrimination. \"This will irk the other institutes if such additional benefits are showered on Presidency University. As a budding institution they may be given some benefits. But raining additional funds is a no-no,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704331", "title": "Manipur cop held at IGI for smuggling drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three passengers, including a constable of Manipur Police, were apprehended by CISF personnel at Delhi's IGI Airport on Saturday morning for attempting to smuggle drugs inside the terminal.Hemendra Singh, deputy commandant and PRO CISF said the passengers were stopped while they were trying to gain entry into terminal 1D around 4.50am.\"The passengers, who went by the last name of Chlalkhogin, his wife Chongboi and their friend Satkhlol, were scheduled to travel to Guwahati. At 4.50 am, Chlalkhogin and his wife were walking into terminal 1D when a CISF personnel found their movement a little suspicious. The couple was carrying sacks and claimed to have books in them. The security personnel were not convinced and made them open the sacks. Below a couple of books, they found a white powdery substance,\" said Singh.Their friend, Satkhlol was standing nearby and was also identified. The three were held while the narcotics control bureau was summoned. When the powder was tested, it was positively identified as pseudoephedrine. This is a non-prescription anti-congestion drug but an overdose can lead to a state of hyperactivity.\"The narcotic control bureau officials said the three were carrying around 24 kg of pseudoephedrine. This is worth about Rs 30 lakh in the domestic market and more than Rs 1 crore in the international market. The three passengers were then handed over to the NCB officials who have registered a case against them and are investigating the case. Chlalkhogin is a constable in Manipur Police and Satkhlol is his agent,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705316", "title": "State likely to amend Wakf Act", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is likely to move a state amendment to the Wakf Act, 1995, a central act that leaves some flexibility for states.The matter came up in the state cabinet meting on Saturday because the government wants to increase the honorarium of the Wakf board chairman. The proposal will be sent to President Pranab Mukherjee for approval.Acting on the chief minister's instructions, the state minority affairs and madrassa education department is drawing a list of private madrassas in the state. West Bengal has no registered madrassa or Islamic seminary apart from those aided by the government.Once the list is prepared and madrassas selected for registration, the department will submit the proposal to the chief minister who will then forward it to the Centre for funds.The cabinet discussed some other issues as well in Saturday's meeting. The government has come up with a proposal to create 118 additional posts in the CID. Framing recruitment rules for the post of lecturer at the All India Council of Technical Education was also mooted in the form of a proposal.Besides, the state wants the youth affairs department to take charge of the youth hostel at Yuva Bharati Krirangan in Salt Lake from the sports department. It wants to recruit 32 more persons for the purpose. A proposal covering all these aspects also came up for discussion at the cabinet meeting.According to sources, the new chief secretary Sanjoy Mitra was formally introduced at the state cabinet on Saturday. Mitra took over charge as the chief secretary from Samar Ghosh last Sunday.The next cabinet meeting is scheduled for October 17 where the CM will review the progress of the projects discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705850", "title": "Weavers' association defers decision on industry till Oct 13", "text": "SURAT: Federation of Gujarat Weavers' Association (FOGWA) has deferred its decision on the extension of Diwali vacation and other key issues like credit and payment terms, increasing prices of yarn etc. till October 13. The decision had to be deferred due to differences of opinion among the weavers' associations in the city.Sources said FOGWA office-bearers under the leadership of their president Ashok Jirawala had organized a meeting with 49 weavers' associations from different areas of the city on Saturday. While a majority of the weavers' associations had agreed to keep their units closed for two days in a week, there were a few, who opposed extending the Diwali vacation from 10 days to one month.The weaving sector in the country's biggest man-made fabric hub in the city is passing through a tough phase due to the dwindling demand of polyester fabrics in the key consuming markets and 20 per cent increase in the yarn prices. Besides, the weavers have been suffering huge losses due to default by textile traders.Jirawala told TOI, \"We will get the opinions from all the 49 associations latest by Wednesday and announce our decision by October 13. We want payment and credit terms be made more stringent for the textile traders in order to curb the ever increasing default cases in the market.\"A weaving unit owner in Pandesara Arvind Patel said, \"We are not in favour of extending Diwali vacation. The sector is already facing huge shortage of workers and if we extend the vacation many will go to their hometowns, never to return.\"Another weaving unit owner Prakash Mehra said, \"It is high time that we start an agitation against yarn manufacturers. After the anti-dumping duty on import of yarn, a few domestic yarn manufacturers are arbitrarily increasing prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705647", "title": "Govt allots land to Paravoor sex abuse victim", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government on Wednesday issued an order to provide five cents at Kakkanad in Ernakulam for the rehabilitation of the Paravoor sex abuse victim.The government exercised its discretionary power to grant the land by invoking rule 24 of the Kerala Land Assignment Rules, 1964. The land has been issued with the conditions that it should be titled in the victim's name and should be used only for building a house. The order also entrusted the district collector to take further action in this regard.On June 29, the state cabinet had asked the departments concerned \u2014 social welfare, home and vigilance, health and finance \u2014 to take all possible steps for the rehabilitation of the victim. \"All expenses will be borne by the state,\" the cabinet had decided. Based on these directions, the collector had made a proposal to the state regarding her rehabilitation.\"The necessary steps for building a house can be initiated as five cents can be made available in Ernakulam,\" the collector reported.The proposal also said that all expenses for the completion of education of the victim should be borne by the state. It further stated that a fixed sum should be deposited in the bank in the name of the victim so that she receives a monthly income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708973", "title": "Bedabrata Pain: From NASA to Chittagong", "text": "Earlier this summer, Bedabrata Pain was doing a post-screening conversation after the New York premiere of his first feature film Chittagong. Suddenly mid-sentence he looked towards the audience and said something spontaneously.\"I have to say that I grew up watching films of Shyam Benegal ,\" said the 49-year-old Pain. Benegal was sitting in the second row in the theater wherePainspoke.\"Icannotbelievemygoodfortune that today Shyam Babu saw my first film.\"As he awaits there lease of his film,the Los Angeles-based Pain, sometimes goes through these 'I cannot believe this is happening to me' moments - a realization that he has actually finished a film that has played in festivals in the US and is now ready to be shown to the audience in India.Set in British India, the film focuses on an incident in Chittagong(now in Bangladesh)when a charismatic school teacher inspire dalarge number of his teenage students to raid the local Britisharmory. Pain's film has a lot of heart and soul, and an emotional depth, coupled with some terrific performances by the likes of Manoj Bajpai , Nawazuddin Siddiqui and a very talented supporting cast.In Los Angeles, Pain worked as a scientist at NASA,where he holds over87 patents on the digital cameras - from those in cell phones to movie cameras.HecametoMumbaiasoutsider,having had no personal experience in filmmaking.\"I had a lot of trepidation about how I would fit in Mumbai,because I have never been a part of the city before,\" he said recently on a Skype conversation.\"The love I got from so many people in theindustryisremarkable.The city accepted me. Mumbai has the vibe of New York and I am comfortable in these two cities.\"The respect I got from Shankar, Ehsaan, Loy and Rasool Pookutty is something so precious,\" he added. \"When I went to Shankar's studios I was really intimidated. Here I had been listening to their music for so many years and Shankar asked me what kind of music I wanted. That was such an intense confidence boosting experience. Shankar would play a piece and if my eyes didn't light up he would say 'Scratch it.' That's what carried me through the film.\"I asked him about his first day at the shoot and he described it as scariest experience of his life when he saw 200 people looking at him, as if he had the answers to all the questions. \"At the end of the day, in my heart of heart, I felt that I know nothing,\" he said laughing.\"I had surrounded myself with very experienced people,most of them much more talented than me, and here I was making a film,\" he added.\"It was a learning experience,where I learned to trust myself and my instincts. I had the film play in front of my eyes. I knew what each frame shouldbe.I realized soon enough that finally it is the director who has the vision. It took me three four days to get the sense of being a director.\"He worked hard. Each night after everyone was sleep,he would stay awake thinking what he wanted to see on the screen, what he would tell the crew and the actors. And then he worked out a secret plan. After each final shot, he would take an extra one. That is when he would figure out where he would place the camera for the next shot.\"I knew that immediately there would be several pairs of eyes looking at me thinking what to do next,\" he said.The release of Chittagong got delayed because of a personal tragedy in Pain's life and also there was another Bollywood film with the same theme that opened in December 2010. For the last year and half Pain spent re-working on the film's sound, soundtrack and edit.\"I am a perfectionist and once you have time on the hands, that's what you do,\" he said. \"In fact, Manoj also said that I am probably the most perfectionist director he had worked with.\"Aseem Chhabra offers a weekly New York perspective on Indian issues", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16705987", "title": "Kudubis, Kharvis to get scholarships", "text": "MANGALORE: Konkani Language and Cultural Foundation, which is focusing on academic upliftment of Kharvi and Kudubi among Konkani speaking communities in the state, is assisting students from these backward communities pursue their PU and degree education.The foundation has helped scholars from Konkani speaking communities pursue their professional education by giving them merit-cum-means scholarship.Rolling out this scholarship scheme at Kundapur and Mandarthi in Udupi district, respectively, for students from these communities on October 7 is reaffirmation of decision taken by the foundation that manages Vishwa Konkani Student Scholarship Fund (VKSSF) last year to help them with their basic education.Not many students from these communities manage to go past their basic education onwards to pursuing professional education.Pradeep G Pai, secretary, VKSSF told STOI that financial assistance of Rs 15 lakh will be distributed to 215 Kharvi students and 163 Kudubi students at separate functions on Sunday.\"This scholarship will be extended exclusively to students pursuing their I PUC and I year degree based on the list given by leaders of the two Konkani speaking communities,\" he said.Incidentally, VKSSF has helped 24 students from Chaptekar community with merit-cum-means scholarship to pursue their PU and degree education, Pradeep Pai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16705951", "title": "Maoists oppose bauxite mining", "text": "KORAPUT: The outlawed CPI (Maoist) has opposed the establishment of a bauxite mining company in Rayagada district. The rebels put up posters at Serigumma under Kalyansinghpur block on Saturday, expressing their opposition.The Kashipur and Niyamgiri Area Committee of the CPI (Maoist) urged people to oppose RSB Metaltech, which is planning to establish a bauxite mining unit at Serigumma in Rayagada.\"We oppose the establishment of the proposed bauxite mining by RSB Metaltech at Serigumma. Mining in the area will affect the livelihood of tribals. We urge locals not to cooperate with the company officials,\" read a Maoist poster pasted on a sevashram (residential school) building at Serigumma.The poster threatened those reportedly working as agents for the company with dire consequences. \"Those who are trying to garner support in favour of the company by motivating tribals should refrain from such activities or else they may be punished,\" the poster warned.Maoists also urged the panchayat's elected representatives not to support the company.Police said they have seized the poster and suspect it to be the handiwork of some miscreants.Police, however, brushed off the threat. \"Though not sure, but we suspect it to be a fake Maoist poster. However, investigation is on and details will be known once we wrap up our examination,\" said Kalyansinghpur police station inspector in-chareg Binod Lakra.According to sources, the company has proposed to develop a greenfield 0.7 MTPA alumina refinery complex along with a 30 mw co-generation power plant at Serigumma panchayat and Gumma panchayat of Rayagada at an estimated cost of around Rs 3,500 crore.The company, which will source bauxite from Sasubahumali hills, requires over 613 hectare of land for the project.During a public hearing organised for land acquisition for the company last November, irate villagers had ransacked the meeting venue at Serigumma, opposing the mining operation of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704542", "title": "Rajasthan planning to move Supreme Court in Amanishah Nullah matter", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is planning to move the Supreme Court in the Amanisha Nullah matter to seek more time for demolishing the encroachments and also make an attempt to get relief for the residents hanging on the 'borderline' of eviction, sources said on Saturday.A meeting was held in this regard at the secretariat in the evening and presided over by chief secretary CK Mathew. Urban housing and development principal secretary GS Sandhu, Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) commissioner Kuldeep Ranka, Jaipur Municipal Corporation CEO Jagroop Singh Yadav and additional advocate general RP Singh were also present at the meeting that remained 'inconclusive'.\"No decision has been taken so far,\" chief secretary Mathew told TOI when asked about the government plans.A division bench of the Rajasthan high court, on October 4, ordered that all encroachments in the catchment area of the nullah, which is a dry riverbed, be removed within the next 15 days. As per the JDA estimate, around 3,000 illegal constructions, majority being residential buildings, have been built in the catchment area of the 49-km long nullah.The bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra had initially given three weeks time to the state government to remove the encroachments on September 5.The court order had created panic among thousands of people residing in the area for several years. With the assembly election due next year, the Congress-led state government is worried over rendering thousands of families homeless overnight.The ruling party does not want to be seen as not making any legal effort to ensure relief for the affected, sources said.It is believed that the state government would request the apex court to let JDA 'redraw' the nullah's centerline so as to 'save' maximum possible number of houses in the catchment area. The government was expecting to save nearly 60% of the residents-seen as borderline cases-by redrawing the centerline. It had made a plea before the high court, saying that the over the years the nullah has changed its natural course. The division bench of Chief Justice Mishra, however, turned down the plea on October 4.The government is also likely to seek court directions for rehabilitating the displaced. This plea, too, was not entertained by the high court, which observed that it was for the government to decide if it wanted to rehabilitate the encroachers at some other place on humanitarian grounds.The state government is also planning to ask for more time to remove the encroachers.Meanwhile, there are reports that the affected residents are also planning to approach the high court to seek a stay order so as to be able to present their side of the case. If the court accepts their petition, the state government may drop the idea of approaching the apex court, said sources.Box:Jaipur: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) officials faced protests from residents of Mahadev Colony when they were serving notices to owners of houses which have been identified as construction in the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah on Saturday.The residents alleged that the state government first provided electricity and undertook construction of sewers in the area, and now it is serving notices to the owners.They also alleged that the centreline of the nullah has been wrongly marked by the JDA officials.The JDA officials said that they have identified 144 constructions which are falling in the catchment area of the nullah. They served notices to owners of 65 such buildings.Notices were also served to 29 house owners in Kiran Vihar extension, Ayodhyapuri and Jagannathpuri.The JDA gave seven days to the owners to demolish the houses on their own or it would demolish the buildings and would also collect money spent on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710043", "title": "I don't want to be some skinny Minny with my t**s out, says Adele", "text": "Adele , who reckons that she'd never have sold 32 million records worldwide if she was skinny, believes her huge success is all down to being curvy.The 24-year-old plump singer asserted that she never suffered a setback with her voluptuous figure and doesn't prefer to look skinny as she is happy the way she is.\"I don't rely on my figure to sell records. \"I don't want to be some skinny Minny with my t**s out. I really don't want to do it,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"No matter what you look like, I think the key is to be happy with yourself,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16706178", "title": "\u2018Switch to e-meters can clear doubts\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists have asked for an early switch to electronic meters for both autos and taxis, to minimize confusion during the shift to the new fare structure.\"We have been constantly demanding that the government first ask all autos to switch to e-meters and then give hikes. But now that they have announced a hike, they should make it mandatory for all autos to switch to electronic gadgets within three months,\" said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. \"An e-meter is commuter friendly. It displays the distance, time , waiting period and the exact fare . It is 'tamper-evident' . In case the meter has been rigged , you can detect it from the inflated distance , take a picture of the e-meter reading on mobile and lodge a complaint . Also, it will not create any confusion arising due to the new fare structure .\"On Saturday, Deshpande along with a delegation from MGP met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and asked him to give more incentives for share cabs in the city. He demanded that cabs such as Eeco taxis with more seating capacity should be introduced . He also demanded that more permits should be released for autos so that the rate of refusals reduces. The CM assured that stringent action would be taken against errant drivers and quality of service would be improved.Commuters are already fuming over the fare hike. Most of them plan to opt for alternate modes of transport such as BEST buses and trains. Rakesh Agarwal, a businessman, said, \"I usually travel a distance of three to four kms by autos daily . But now I have decided to walk to the local railway station and catch a train and later board a bus to my destination.\"Many commuters said drivers don't deserve a hike. \"The quality of service is still poor . The drivers continue to refuse passengers and they will now earn more on the tampered meters,'' said Shruti Somaiya, a student.Unions to oppose old vehicles' scrappingMUMBAI: Taxi and auto unions plan to oppose the government plan to phase out taxis which are 20 years old and autos that are 16 years old, and some unions are gearing up for a legal battle. The government apparently wants at least 25% of the existing old Padmini taxis and nearly 3,000 to 5,000 autos which are old and in poor condition to be off Mumbai roads by the year-end . A formal order will be issued soon.A senior transport official said, \"Since commuters now have to pay higher fare, we want them to get better service. This includes phasing out old taxis and autos, compulsory ID cards for drivers, stringent punishment for those caught for meter tampering, fake tariff cards and refusals.\" The official said old vehicles did not give value for money. \"They cause pollution and many taxis are in tattered condition.\" Taxi union leader A L Quadros said the state transport authority had approved of 25-year lifespan for taxis. \"It is unfair to scrap them after 20 years. There are many taxis in good running condition till 25 years.\" -- Somit Sen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708243", "title": "Tollywood at Ekla Akaash's premiere", "text": "It was an evening of celebrations for Tolly stars at the premiere of Sandipan Roy's Ekla Akaash at a city theatre. We saw filmmakeractor Gautam Ghose, who plays an important role in the film.Parambrata and Rudranil were seen sharing a good time with the director. Sandipan was visibly excited with his debut venture. Parno Mittra, the leading lady of the film, arrived a bit late but managed to join the cast on stage. Ghose began by apologizing to the audience. He said, \"Peshar baire abar kaaj kore phelechhi, khoma kore deben...\" to which the audience cheered. Debleena Dutta looked pretty in a black sari. Shakuntala Barua, who plays Parambrata's mother in the film, looked elegant. Sadly, the music director of the film, Jeet, couldn't make it to the event due to prior commitments. However, he sent his best wishes from Mumbai. Among the celebrity guests, we spotted Sohag Sen, Roopa Ganguly and Abir Chatterjee who came in with his wife. After the screening the guests headed for a popular resto-bar at a city mall, for a small get-together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16705510", "title": "Former India star spins a web around budding cricketers, coaches with tips", "text": "COIMBATORE: He may not be a familiar face for many young and budding cricketers who gathered at SNR college ground in Coimbatore on Saturday. But M Venkataramana, once a mainstay of Tamil Nadu Ranji team and a former Test cricketer, bowled everyone out with his tips on spin bowling and the ability to spot the mistakes of the bowler during a brief net and interactive session organised by the Coimbatore District Cricket Association.Debuting in 1988 for the country in a one-day match against New Zealand, which India won by 2 wickets, Venkataramana was instrumental in picking up the important wickets of the New Zealand openers, J G Wright and A H Jones with his off-spinners. His Test debut was against West Indies when India toured the Caribbean in 1989. He now coaches talented under-19 and under-16 cricketers at Bcamps. He has also coached the Singapore team.\"The spinner should have inner strength and willingness to put more efforts. His strength should be his focus to bowl the right length and to keep the basics right. If the bowler can ensure these, the bowler would certainly make an impact and get wickets,\" he said.Venkataramana adds that a spin bowler needs to have something extra that can surprise the batsman all the time. For this, it is important for a spinner to stick to his basics and perfect his skills at the nets.He emphasised that spinner should necessary focus to get as much as revolution of ball, which would help them to get more spin. While pointing at one of the mistake committed by a bowler, he advised the need to save their fingers by holding it in the right way.Correcting the grip to a bowler, Mithun a budding under 19 player, he said that he was straining his finger due to a wrong fingering of the bowl and if he had to bowl for longer matches it was necessary to put little pressure on the finger and rest the bowl on the web of the fingers.Venkataramana said the coaches should help bowlers correct their bowling angles and not make too many changes, which would affect the bowling. Subtle changes will yield better results, he added.He appreciated Coimbatore lad Kaushik, who was in the BCCI under 19 camp, which recently concluded. Venkatramana said the boy shows a lot of potential and is a great talent.There are good young talents, some who are representing at various level and some who are being picked by the selectors from various places. \"The future is bright for Indian cricket and it will go on to produce many more renowned cricketers,\" he added.Praising the way Venkatramana explained the small technical bits of bowling, Mithun, a young cricketer, said, \"He picked my mistake by looking at few of my deliveries. I have been bowling with a similar grip for some time. However, his suggestion was very important to improve my skills.\"S S Prem Kumar, a coach, said the tips to coaches were useful as there are many things that have to be learned by the coaches as well. He added that it was a refreshing camp for coaches and students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16705113", "title": "Protester dies of heart attack", "text": "MYSORE: Bharatiya Reserve Bank Note Mudran Pvt Ltd employee Gauranna died after a heart attack during a protest rally called in Mysore over the Cauvery issue, according to members of the BRBNMPL Employees' Union. Gauranna, 45, who among 200 union members on a bike rally, was riding pillion when he collapsed from a parked bike near Metagalli police station around 11.15am. He was rushed to a private hospital first and then to another heart hospital where he was declared brought dead. Doctors said Gauranna had died of a heart attack, said union secretary KD Shivayogish.Shivayogish told STOI: \"As part of the Karnataka bandh, we had organized a bike rally from RBI campus to the deputy commissioner's office. We left at 10.30am and reached Metagalli around 11.15am and were shouting slogans when Gauranna collapsed.\"Gauranna, a native of Chitradurga, works in the numbering section and leaves behind wife Kamalamma, son Vijaykumar, 17, and daughter, Ranjitha 11.Mandya farmer tries to immolate self Vishwanath, a 40-year-old farmer, attempted to immolate himself while participating in the bandh. A resident of Sadalahalli village of Pandavapura taluk in Mandya, Vishwanath poured petrol over himself and tried to light fire. However, other protesters acted swiftly and thwarted his attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710904", "title": "Taaha is a fitness freak", "text": "Taaha Shah who made an impressive debut in Yash Raj Film's Luv Ka the End is making all the right moves in his career. The actor, who recently bagged another biggie with Dharma Productions, is thoroughly excited with the new development in his life.He says, \"YRF gave me the right break and it helped me realize my potential and work on my acting skills. Now with Karan having your back, I have nothing to worry,\" says Taaha.The actor who will sporting look in the film is looking at alternative ways to get a hot bod. From what we hear, Taaha is a master of many. According to sources, \"Fitness is an integral part of his lifestyle. He's trained in martial arts and Parkour, and is a certified para-glider and follows a strict diet regimen. Both martial arts and Parkour ensure a high fitness level and require rigorous training and discipline.\" He has also learned and mastered four styles of dancing - Funk Jazz, Salsa, Hip-Hop and Bollywood.And talk about fitness to him and the young lad looks up to Akshay Kumar for inspiration. The new fitness regime Parkour is a sport we heard last being practiced by none other than Akshay Kumar. The source adds, \"Parkour ensures a high fitness level and requires rigorous training and discipline and Taaha works really hard.\" While his younger contemporaries are busy sweating it out at the gym, Taaha is taken a different route altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16700252", "title": "Three signs of an online stalker", "text": "WASHINGTON: A top psychologist and addiction expert in the United States has highlighted the three signs that prove a person is an 'online stalker', and should seek professional help for their addiction.According to Seth Meyers , it's one thing to occasionally check the Facebook page of an ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend, but it's another to obsessively track someone on the web.He says the first sign to look for is if one is spending too much time trying to get as much information as possible about the person he/she is obsessed with, and is missing deadlines or canceling social plans because of long web-surfing sessions and-or constant monitoring of the person's social media posts.\"Spending a lot of time trying to get as much information as possible about the person,\" ABC News quoted Meyers, as saying.Meyers says a person would be a 'stalker' if they are lurking on sites, leaving no trace that they were there, like a comment on a post, for example.\"Your stalking behavior is done in secret,\" Meyers said.The third, he says, is if a person exhibits behaviour, characterized as a \"hunt\" that compelled by a deep-seated insecurity, such as visiting multiple sites to gather information, and the person keeps comparing what the person they are stalking have, and they themselves don't.\"Using multiple social media sites to get as much information as they can. The root of it is about feeling that this other person has something that you don't. You'd feel more complete if you have what they have,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16705813", "title": "24-year-old daily wage worker stabbed to death in Loutolim", "text": "MARGAO: The body of a 24-year-old daily wage worker, Luis Baptista, was found some 100m from his residence at Carvotta-Loutolim on Saturday morning.The local milkman, who saw Baptista's blood-stained body lying on a mud road on the way to his residence at around 8.15am, informed the neighbours, who in turn called the Maina-Curtorim police. Baptista, who was wearing a green T-shirt and blue shorts with his chappals lying next to him, was found lying spread eagle with his face disfigured with multiple stab injuries.\"His face and neck were brutally injured as he was attacked with sharp objects. He also suffered injuries on his arm and elbow, which prove that he was trying to defend himself from his attackers,\" said police officer Gurudas Kadam.The Maina-Curtorim police said that none of his material possessions were taken and registered a case of murder under Section 302 of the IPC against unknown persons on Saturday.Police sources confirmed that the brother of the deceased is a history-sheeter and was seen by villagers in the neighbourhood on the same day. Maina-Curtorim police said that they are not ruling out past animosity between the accused and unknown persons as a motive for the murder.Kadam added that a panchanama was done and that the inquest of the body took place at Hospicio Hospital, Margao, and the body has had been sent to Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for a postmortem, the results of which will be given on Sunday.Sources said that Baptista was spotted at a bar in the same locality on Friday as late as 11.30pm. Baptista, who the Maina-Curtorim police confirmed was in an inebriated state, was last seen playing carrom at the same bar with a few friends and even paid some of his friends' bills at the bar. Sources added that Baptista had plans of moving abroad in search of a job. He was even scheduled to get a medical check-up on Friday at GMC which was postponed as Friday was declared a state holiday.Kadam said that the police complaint was filed by Baptista's uncle, 57-year-old Vincent Baptista from Carvotta- Loutolim, who said that he had last seen the deceased at 9.30pm the previous night. The complainant said that the deceased used to live alone in a separate room attached to their old residence in CarvottaNuvem legislator Francisco Mickky Pacheco visited the scene of the crime and demanded that the police carry out an inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16705803", "title": "Train services hit big time", "text": "MYSORE: Trains running between Mysore and Bangalore were cancelled till Saturday evening. Their services resumed only after 5pm. The trains are the only mode of transport between the two cities in the past week with the highway being blocked at Mandya, and so was the case with the alternative route through Malavalli.Senior divisional commercial manager, South Western Railway (SWR), Anup Dayanand Sadhu, told STOI that some activists held up the Bangalore-bound Chamundi Express for about an hour in Mandya.Chamundi Express was detained at Mandya, after which it returned to Mysore around 10.30am.\"We have promised to refund the passengers,\" he said, adding that the services of all trains from city were suspended from 8am to 5pm. A train arriving from Jaipur to Mysore has been diverted through Arasikere, while other long-distance city-bound trains have been halted in Bangalore.Barring the early-morning Bangalore-bound train from Kannur (via Mangalore and Mysore), no other train could pass through as the protesters had blocked the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "with 9 per cent alcohol, super-strength lagers resemble home-brewed hooch in their crudeness and potency. and they are causing more damage to vulnerable people than heroin or crack cocaine, according to a leading homeless charity . thames reach's chief executive jeremy swain told the independent ", "code": "16706032", "title": "Super-strong beer worse than heroin or crack", "text": "With 9 per cent alcohol, super-strength lagers resemble home-brewed hooch in their crudeness and potency. And they are causing more damage to vulnerable people than heroin or crack cocaine, according to a leading homeless charity . Thames Reach's chief executive Jeremy Swain told The Independent : \"We are not talking about people dying at 68 or 69. We are talking about people dying in their late 30s.\"The fact that alcohol is half the price it was in the 1980s is causing the problem. You can buy a can of super-strength lager for just over \u00a31. It's a legal drug, but it's the most damaging.\"Sir Ian Gilmore, a spokesman on alcohol issues for the Royal College of Physicians, said: \"Because the number of people using alcohol is so much higher, the harm is likely to be much more.\"The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16704837", "title": "Foreigners at their wits' end", "text": "BANGALORE: Foreigners who arrived in Bangalore and found no transport were bewildered. They wore a forlorn look, trying to figure a way out. However, soon after 6pm, all city buses started plying.Several buses on their way to Bangalore were detained as far away as Chitradurga and allowed to commence journey by 4pm. \"This also happened in other places as police feared violence and buses were stopped from coming into the city,\" said a police officer.Additional commissioner of police (law &amp; order) T Suneel Kumar said there were nearly 100 preventive arrests of anti-social elements. \"Almost all organizations which called for the bandh didn't cause any trouble and there was no breakdown of law and order in the city,\" he added. Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said the bandh was peaceful because organizations had reined in their members.\"KR Market, which opened for a while in the morning, was hurriedly closed after activists asked them not to do business for a day,\" said SR Siddaramappa, DCP (West). He said the Kempe Gowda bus station remained deserted till 6pm.Police said there were 15 incidents of stone-throwing, while BMTC claimed 22 of its buses were damaged. One incident was at Domlur, followed by similar cases in Malleswaram, Seshadripuram, Silk Board Junction and Banashankari. Near Mehkri Circle, protesters tried to deflate vehicle tyres to stop traffic.Roadblocks were put up on the Hebbal flyover, at Mehkri Circle and in residential areas.\"Some activists asked me to show my identity card and when I pleaded that I was on my way to a hospital to see a relative, they let me go,\" BG Rajashekhar from Kengeri Satellite Town said. He said protesters had created a roadblock near Nayandahalli by burning tyres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706055", "title": "Railways to levy service tax on transportation of parcel traffic", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Indian Railways has decided to levy service tax on transportation of parcel traffic.Since an abatement of 70 per cent has been permitted on freight for the taxable commodities by the Ministry of Finance, the Service Tax will be charged on 30 per centof the total freight inclusive of all charges would be calculated as follows:-Service Tax of 12 per cent will be charged on 30 per cent of freight (equivalent to 3.6 per cent on the total freight charges) .Education Cess of 2 per cent on Service Tax will be added (equivalent to 0.072 per cent on total freight) and Higher Education Cess of 1 per cent on Service Tax will also be added (equivalent to 0.036 per cent on total freight).Thus, the total service tax implication will be 3.708 per cent on the total freight charges. Service tax will be levied for transportation of all description of parcel traffic (leased or non-leased parcel traffic) and merchandise items (for commercial use) booked as luggage with effect from 1st October 2012. Luggage traffic i.e. personal baggage belonging to the travelling passengers, (excluding merchandise items for commercial use), shall be exempted from service tax.The list of commodities exempted from payment of service tax include relief materials meant for victims of natural or man-made disasters, calamities, accidents or mishap; Defence or military equipments, postal mail or mail bags, household effects, Newspaper or magazines registered with the Registrar of Newspapers, agricultural produce and foodstuff including flours, tea, coffee, jiggery, sugar, milk products, salt and edible oil, excluding alcoholic beverages.The amount of service tax collected by Railways would be deposited with the Ministry of Finance as per prescribed procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705997", "title": "Nitish Kumar's assailant had links with RJD leaders, investigators claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into last month's attack on Nitish Kumar has taken on a sensational dimension, with the investigators claiming to have found evidence of assailant's close links with the opponents of Bihar CM .Sources in the Bihar government told TOI on Saturday that the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has found that the main accused in the attack was in touch with two RJD politicians through the fateful day: a claim that marks stunning twist to the rivalries that make up Bihar politics.SIT sources claimed that scrutiny of the cellphone log of the main accused, Chandan Yadav, has shown that he contacted a RJD MP several times during the attack which saw the protesters ambushing Kumar with heavy stone pelting. Sources said that Yadav, who is absconding, is a member of RJD's students' wing.Likewise, another accused, Manohar Yadav, called up a political figure who is known to be a trusted associate of a senior RJD politician after the attack.SIT sources claimed that the third accused in the case, Narendra Tyagi, spoke with Pappu Yadav, the former MP, who is convicted for assassination of former CPM MP, Ajit Sarkar, and lodged in a jail. Bihar government sources alleged that Tyagi is with Pappu Yadav's new outfit, Yuva Shakti.The state government has already launched a probe into how Pappu Yadav could access a cellphone in jail. The September 27 attack saw an angry stone-pelting mob ambushing the CM when he entered Khagaria as part of his Adhikaar Yatra: a campaign that seeks to mobilize support for the demand for \"special status\" for Bihar. The ferocity of the mob, as indicated by the size of stones that they hurled at Kumar's motorcade, stung the government, even as his rivals seized upon what they called \"spontaneous\" protest showing a severe slide in the CM's popularity.The Adhikaar Yatra is seen as Kumar's bid to rally sentiments around the trans-caste plank of \"neglect of Bihar\". It is to culminate with what JD(U) hopes to be a massive rally in Patna next month. Political circles are looking forward to the rally in the context of Kumar's plan to break away from BJP, should the latter decide to project Gujarat CM Narendra Modi as its choice for PM in next parliamentary polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705761", "title": "NCP\u2019s response delays raising cap on cylinders", "text": "NASHIK: The rift between the Congress and the NCP has come to the fore yet again, with the Congress accusing its ruling alliance partner of delaying the decision on increasing the number of subsidized domestic LPG cylinders per year in the state from six to nine.The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee President Manikrao Thakre said on Saturday that the NCP was yet to respond to Congress's move of increasing the number of domestic cylinders as per the diktat of Congress president Sonia Gandhi to all Congress-ruled states on September 18.\"I have written to the CM demanding raising the cap on subsidized cylinders. He is having a dialogue with the NCP, which is yet to respond,\" Thakre said refusing to set any deadline on how early the decision would be expected. He said that he was confident that the NCP would soon announce its decision (in favour of the increasing the number of cylinders).Asked over the vertical dissent in Congress over the leadership in Nashik city, Thakre rubbished any such claims.Incidentally, two rival groups within the party had celebrated the Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti separately and then both the groups met the president with their respective claims over who should be in the chair for the city unit. \"There have been some misgivings and I have received representations from both the groups. There is anelected body in the city and the district as well. Hence, there is no reason for abruptly changing leadership here,\" Thakre clarified.The Congress has accused its ruling alliance partner of delaying the decision on increasing the number of subsidized domestic LPG cylinders per year from six to nine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706220", "title": "Armyman held for rape bid on train", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sleuths of Government Railway Police (GRP) on Saturday arrested an armyman on the charges of attempting to rape a woman in a moving train.The arrested armyman was identified as Anuj Rakhi, resident of Muzaffarnagar.Inspector, GRP, Tripurari Pandey told TOI that the armyman had outraged the modesty of a woman traveling in B-2 coach of Jharkhand express on Delhi-Bihar route.As the train was passing between Tundla and Etawah, the accused had physically assaulted the woman and tried to rape her.When the woman raised an alarm, fellow passengers informed the RPF squad. The RPF sleuths then informed their GRP counterparts and held the accused. A case under section 344 of IPC was lodged in this connection.Road digging work in city claims schoolgirl's life: The indiscriminate digging of roads in the city and unfinished works on Saturday claimed the life of a schoolgirl near CMP degree college when the two-wheeler in which she was travelling alongwith her cousin accidentally slipped crushed stones laid along the road.The cousin received injuries.As per report, Surabhi Srivastava aged 14 years, resident Bairahna under Kydganj police station was a student of class 9th at a local girls school. On Saturday afternoon she was returning home alongwith her cousin who was driving a scooty.As they reached CMP Degree college crossing, the scooty accidentally slipped on the layer of crushed stones laid on the under constructed road.The two fell on the ground and the girl received serious head injuries.She was rushed to a local hospital where the doctors declared her dead on arrival, informed her uncle Manoj Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16706262", "title": "Pak inaction fuels smuggling along border: BSF", "text": "AMRITSAR: Inaction on the part of Pakistan government against notorious smugglers has helped them intensify activities along the Indo-Pak border in Punjab, which is evident from the fact that as against a seizure of 67 kg heroin in 2011, the BSF has recovered 228 kg during the current year.According to sources, despite the BSF providing information on a few notorious smugglers and their addresses, the Pakistan Rangers and customs officials have failed to take any action against them.Sources said that 10 Pak-based smugglers -- Waris Khooni from Kasur, Allaha Ditta, Katluhi, Asgar Ali, Narowal, Rana Abid Ali, Shekhupura, Arshad Gurki, Lahore, Bilal Ghurki, Narowal, Jaica Masih, Narowal, Choudhary Fiaz Ali alias Fayaz Bhola, Lahore, Kali Dogar, Kasur, Natha Khan Kharal alias Nathu and Mujahidke Jhugge -- were smuggling heroin, fake Indian currency, arms and ammunition into India via Punjab border.Pak Rangers even provide tactical support to the smugglers, they said. \"The list of smugglers is long, but at present, these 10 smugglers are active in Pakistan. They have established their network and are in touch with their Indian counterparts over mobile phone and internet,\" said a senior BSF officer.Most smugglers nabbed by the BSF were couriers while their handlers remain away from the clutches of law due to their influence in Pakistan, sources said.BSF inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra told TOI that despite informing Pak Rangers about the active smugglers in their area, officials across the border didn't inform BSF about action taken against any of them so far. However, the BSF was able to seize a huge quantity of heroin from near the border, he said. \"This year, BSF has recovered 75% of the total heroin seizure,\" he said.During the early months of 2012, Pakistan smugglers had made maximum smuggling attempts, Mishra said. With the advent of winter, BSF plans to launch a special operation along the Indo-Pak border, apprehending another wave of smuggling attempts during foggy months. Even during harvesting season, smugglers had tried to bring in drugs and fake notes, hiding it in crop bundles, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704725", "title": "Dara case counsel says his phone tapped, Rajasthan High Court issues notice", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has sought an explanation from the state government over the alleged tapping of phone calls of defence lawyer in the Dara Singh encounter case, Ajay Kumar Jain.The court of Justice M Rafiq issued notices to principal secretary, home and CEO, Bharti Hexacom Ltd seeking their reply.The order came on a petition filed by Jain, who challenged the state government's authority to put his phone on observation. The petitioner claimed that phone-tapping cannot be done by the government except in the interest of public safety or when a public emergency occurrs.\"Since none of the two conditions as prescribed under the law occurred, the action of the state government has been challenged,\" said Abhinav Sharma, counsel for Jain.\"The mobile phone of the petitioner was placed under surveillance while the investigation was going on and since the petitioner has contested several cases via PILs, he has been a sore eye for the state government. As such, his phone was illegally intercepted invading his personal liberty and in response to an RTI application moved by petitioner the state government denied any information on the count that the same is of highly confidential nature and cannot be disclosed,\" said Sharma, counsel for the petitioner Jain.It was contended before the court that under RTI, the state authorities were approached with a requested to divulge the period when the mobile number of the petitioner was intercepted, the orders under which the phone was placed under surveillance, list of persons to whom his call details have been supplied, and the period during which such high placed persons were supplied with the call details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16711154", "title": "Vigilance Bureau trying to save Ranike: Congress, demands CBI probe", "text": "JALANDHAR: Trashing the Vigilance Buerau report filed as challan in the court of Additional Sessions Judge Amritsar on Saturday in the infamous Border Area Development Plan funds scam, due to which Animal Husbandry minister Gulzar Singh Ranike had to resign, Congress has alleged that it is a brazen attempt to save Ranike and has demanded a CBI probe to expose the scam completely.Addressing a press conference here on Sunday former Bholath MLA Sukhpal Khaira alleged that this challan was politically motivated and an eye wash. \"It is astonishing and alarming that the VB in its challan named six persons as accused and has totally absolved Ranike of all charges. As per the challan only Rs. 74 lacs of BADP funds stand embezzled instead of crores that came to the fore during investigations,\" he said.\"In fact by exonerating Ranike in the challan filed by VB, the off repeated charges of all opposition parties that VB is merely a tool being used by the Badals to settle political scores stands totally vindicated. It is now abundantly clear that there is no hope for any transparent functioning from the VB and that it is in fact wasting public exchequer money, by carrying out such shady investigations. Therefore, the congress demands that the probe into the embezzlement of BADP funds be handed over to the CBI without any further delay, so that the real culprits including the former minister be brought to justice,\" Khaira argued.Questioning the reported move to withdraw case against former Agriculture minister Sucha Singh Langah Khaira said that when charges were framed under the Prevention of Corruption Act against Langah and eight others and many witnesses had already deposed before the court then why was the government and the prosecuting agency VB withdrawing the case?\" The only apparent reason again seems to be to shield, protect and give a back door exit to Langah and other corrupt persons,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705251", "title": "BMTC, Metro operations hit", "text": "METROKarnataka Rakshana Vedike protesters barged into the MG Road Metro station around 12.30pm when they saw the trains operating, and a few passengers stepping out of the station. Though the Metro ran its normal schedule between Byappanahalli and MG Road from 6am, there were very few passengers taking the trains, with business establishments, banks and offices remaining closed on MG Road and CMH Road. A group of 50 agitators passing by the MG Road station on motorbikes and a tipper stopped and barged into the station to stop the sale of tickets. This forced officials to evacuate passengers from the stations and close the gates. Within minutes, instructions were given to all six stations to close and withdraw operations till 6pm. The protesters, carrying the Karnataka flag, patrolled all the stations to ensure the trains were really stopped.BMTC/KSRTCAs many as 29 BMTC buses were damaged by 9am, forcing the transport corporation to withdraw services completely till 4pm. Night buses which had halted at different places in the city on Friday night hit the roads to reach their depots, but the Cauvery activists would have none of it. They began pelting stones, and damaged buses in Domlur, Banashankari, Seshadripuram and near Central Silk Board.Although KSRTC operated minimal services in the southern part of the state and many trips were unofficially cancelled from various parts of Mandya and Mysore, reports of only two vehicles being damaged came in. The fleet was withdrawn though all express buses scheduled to depart after 3pm started at their usual time from their respective bus stations in Bangalore. \"There is no question of refunding fares as most express buses start by 3pm or 6pm and by that time, the bandh is usually over and normal life is back. We can't halt operations completely as many passengers would be waiting at bus stations to depart,\" said Ashok Kumar , chief traffic manager (operations), KSRTC.LOSSESBMTC/KSRTCRs 4 crore for a 12-hour stoppage of service.Both BMTC and KSRTC were hit thrice during September; two days due to protests by their own crew for a wage hike and one day on account of Bharat Bandh in protest against a hike in diesel prices", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706254", "title": "Poor drainage emanates foul smell, makes people cry", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 5,000 families living in Sulemsarai, Preetam Nagar, Transport Nagar, Mundera, Bamrauli, Mahilagram, Nehru Park, Jayantipur, Saket Nagar, Kalindipuram, Harwara, Chakmeera Patti, Ganga Vihar colony, Mahendra Nagar, Neem Sarai, Mundera village and adjoining areas are leading a miserable life in absence of proper civic amenities for last one decade.Absence of proper drainage system has forced the area people to come out on streets but, as usual they were given false assurances.Unfortunately, grievances of residents is yet to seek attention of authorities concerned as they kept on submitting applications before district and AMC officials to lay down proper drainage system.\"There are always false assurances by authorities concerned and the locals are living miserable lives\" rued Dhananjay Singh, president of Mundera Vyapaar Mandal.He further added \"If you go through GT road (Allahabad-Kanpur road) through Mundera street, absence of drains from both sides of roads candidly narrate the unsightly situation and there is none to hear our grievances\".He added \"construction of proper drainage system is the only solution to the problem as the residents have been demanding same for last several years\".\"Every time, the authorities concerned construct road or do patch work but as there was no proper drainage system, the condition of roads get affected and commuters are forced to walk or drive on bad shape roads\".As the level of road increasing, the water especially during rainy season enters into the house of low lying area and residents were bound to sit idle.Singh, meanwhile, pointed out \"if proper drainage system gets constructed, the existing problems could solved automatically\".Areas which have drains, they were filled with filth as no proper cleanness drive was taken and residents were forced to live a miserable life.Ironically, over 5,000 families were worst affected in the entire area comprising over two dozen localities as they want proper drainage system to be constructed. Despite the fact that sewerage line is being laid in the area but this could not be effective till there was no construction of drains, residents alleged.Pointedly, colonies like Ganga Vihar colony, Abubakarpur and Mahendra Nagar face problem of water logging every year due to absence of drainage system. Once the entire are was water-logged, neither school children go school nor locals could carry out their routine work.Similarly, from Dhoomanganj petrol pump to Dharamveer Marg , water used to accumulate on footpaths in absence of drains. Locals have earlier demanded to construct gully but no heed was paid till date. Few days back, the area residents had submitted an application with Dhoomanganj police station demanding FIRs against erring officials concerned but no action was taken till date.Meanwhile, Singh pointed out \"We have apprised the prevailing scenario to senior administrative officials , police officials and AMC authorities and were given false assurances\". Spokesperson of AMC, SL Yadav told TOI \"We have been taking out development work in the area under JNNURM programme\". He, however, admitted that the sewer lines in the interior areas have not been laid and we are planning to construct proper drainage system in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704573", "title": "Defence Colony heist: 3 more arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is closing down on the rest of the men involved in the Rs 5.25cr Defence Colony heist who had so far managed to stay out of its reach. Vijay Nahar Singh, a police informer, was arrested in Palwal on Saturday.Two more people \u2014 close associates of Nahar and co-accused Ranjit, alias Rumal, who is still on the run \u2014 were also nabbed and a sum of Rs 25 lakh recovered from them. One of the two held are Pawan (29), younger brother of a co-accused. He was arrested from Usmanpur and Rs 10 lakh recovered from him. Another Rs 15 lakh was recovered from the possession of the second person, also called Ranjit, a resident of Pahari Colony, Usmanpur. Though cops claimed to have detained another person involved in the crime, they refused to identify him.No recovery has been made from Vijay though cops had recovered Rs 85 lakh from his father-in-law earlier. The total recovery in the cash van loot case - that took place eight days ago - has now reached Rs 3.59 crore. So far, six other men involved in the heist, including mastermind Hari Kishan, have been arrested in the case.Police sources said Vijay, who belongs to the Maidangarhi area of south Delhi, stepped into the world of crime in 1996. He started off by stealing car stereos and got arrested. Next year, he was once again behind bars but this time for stealing cars. When he came out of jail, he made Saket his hunting ground. Though senior cops claim he did not commit any major crime till 2003 and that he had been employed as a driver by a taxi owner, sources say this was the time that Vijay came close to some cops. ``He was involved in petty crimes which were mostly not reported and he was protected by his police friends,'' said a source.It was, however, a brazen kidnapping in 2003 that brought him back on the police radar and earned him headlines Vijay's next big move came in 2008 when he - along with Hari Kishan - shot at a mobile store manager seven times and looted several lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705874", "title": "Four-year-old drowns in underground water tank", "text": "SURAT: A body of a four-year-old boy was recovered from an underground water tank in Kapodara area of the city on Friday. The child's mother has alleged that her son was thrown into the tank by a robber. However, police sources said the story has been concocted by her.Residents of Gurukrupa Society rushed to Daksha Vaghani's house on hearing her scream. As they entered the house, they had found the body of Rudra lying in the underground water tank. The child was rushed to a hospital, where he was declared dead.Daksha told the police that a person entered her house and tied her hands with a towel. He robbed her of Rs 500, her purse and her mobile phone. The robber took away her son, who was crying. She claimed that she became unconscious and collapsed on the floor. On regaining consciousness she started looking for her son and came across the body lying in the tank. Daksha's husband Rakesh, who is a diamond polisher had gone on duty when the alleged incident took place.The police recovered her purse and mobile phone from the water tank. It is being assumed that Daksha cooked up the story to cover her negligence that may have led to the boy falling in the tank and dying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705498", "title": "Autorickshaw driver identifies Baig in court", "text": "PUNE: Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Mirza Himayat Baig was identified in the court on Saturday by a rickshaw driver as the man whom he ferried on the day of German bakery blast in February 2010.The autorickshaw driver (name withheld) is one of the five witnesses who have so far identified Baig before the additional sessions judge N P Dhote.The witness when examined by the special public prosecutor Raja Thakare told the court that he was waiting for a passenger outside the Pune railway station around 4pm on February 13 when two men approached him. \"They were between 28 and 31 years of age. They came to me and said they want to be dropped at the Rajneesh Ashram at Koregaon Park. I drove them via Jehangir hospital and Ruby Hall clinic. When I was about to take a right turn for Koregaon Park, they asked me to go straight towards Bund Garden road. They told me to stop near Pune Central mall and got down. One of the two men was tall and fair (Yasin Bhatkal). He was wearing a cap and carried two sacks. The other man (Baig) did not have any baggage. He paid the tariff,\" said the rickshaw driver.When cross-examined by senior lawyer A Rehman and Kainat Shaikh, the rickshaw driver recalled that he only remembered the photo of the 'tall and fair boy wearing a cap' that was published in a Marathi daily on May 25, 2010, and not his name. The lawyer showed him the newspaper with caption under the photo of the 'tall and fair boy with cap' which reads \" Abdul Samad\".The driver deposed that on May 25, 2010, he saw the photo of a man in a Marathi daily which stated that he was arrested in the blast case. \"I remembered that he was the same tall and fair man, with two sacks, whom I had dropped near the Central mall on February 13. After two days, I approached the ATS office in Shivajinagar which recorded my statement. I did not approach the nearby police chowkey,\" he said.The rickshaw driver identified the \"tall and fair man\" when showed the CCTV footage of German bakery on the fateful day. The witness said that it was possible for him to recollect the description of the suspects because of their alleged involvement in the blast. He denied the suggestion given by the defence that he was shown a sketch of the suspect and that he had not identified Baig in the identification parade at the Yerawada jail. He admitted that he had used a longer route to reach the mall.The witness was unable to tell in which direction the suspects went after he dropped them at the mall.Meanwhile, another witness (name withheld), who runs computer classes in Nanded, also identified 'Hasan Sir' alias Baig as the man who taught in his classes. The witness said that the suspect (Baig) would not come for classes on time. Besides he had not paid the rent for the room. \"I had kept his two bags containing several documents after he failed to pay the rent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704218", "title": "3,000 responses to proposed heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens want to have a say in the new draft heritage list. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation received as many as 3,000 responses by Saturday, the last day to send suggestions and objections to the proposed heritage list.Civic officials said this was a rough figure and the process of counting the responses was on. The final figure, which officials said is likely to be higher, is likely to be announced next week. Municipal architect (heritage) Lalita Gupta said that it could take up to 10 days to count all the responses. Responses received via e-mail will also be included.The civic body and the state government will now form a committee to look into the responses, give hearings to parties and undertake visits to sites, if required, to update the list.The BMC had earlier kept September 30 as the deadline for the submission of responses but later extended it to October 6 owing to the number of public holidays in September.The draft list, first made in 1991 and later updated in 2007, has a total of 948 new structures and 47 precincts. The list is in addition to the 500 structures and 15 precincts that are already under heritage cover.There have been mixed reactions to the list. While some politicians want it to be scrapped, there are citizens who want incentives for their properties to be part of the heritage list so that it becomes easy for them to maintain the structures. Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"The MMRDA's heritage conservation committee had proposed Grade III tag for areas surrounding Shivaji Park, but the BMC's list has propsed Grade III tag for them. The list is detrimental to development.\"Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte said the final list will be out by August next year. \"Till then, permission for redevelopment of buildings on the proposed list will be given,\" Kunte had told TOI.So far, around 30% of the structures on the proposed list have taken the redevelopment route. Owing to the five-year delay in the publication of the the draft list, the civic body has given redevelopment permissions to 290 structures on the new list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16706200", "title": "Skit on Pandavas during freshers' party sparks row", "text": "SHIMLA: The freshers' party, organized by IIT Mandi students at heritage Rajmahal Hotel in Mandi town of Himachal Pradesh , has courted controversy after a video clip, showing a skit presented by students, was uploaded on Youtube. In the skit, students have apparently not only abused Pandavas and Kauravas, but have also used derogatory language against Draupadi. The six-minute clip, full of foul language, also showed girl students among the audience.Following the controversy, Mandi town is apparently on the boil, with people demanding action against the students, who enacted the skit, which has reportedly hurt the religious sentiments of Hindus. The clip shows around a dozen students presenting a skit on Mahabharta, showing the episode where Pandavas lose everything to Kauravas during gambling.But the way students have used offensive language has left Mandi residents enraged, who held a protest demonstration in Mandi town on Saturday and submitted a memorandum to the district administration. Among the audience were around a dozen girls, but this too could not stop the performing students from using derogatory language, not only against Pandavas and Kauravas, but also against each other.Lakashmender Guleria, president, Mandi Bachao Sangarsh Samiti, said they have served an ultimatum upto October 9 to IIT administration to act against students, who have hurt the religious sentiments of people. \"They have no right to abuse Pandavas and Draupadi during the freshers' party. They had with them a written script, which shows that they have hurt religious sentiments deliberately. If the IIT administration fails to act against the erring students, then people would come out on roads,\" he said.Guleria said they would meet IIT authorities over the issue on Tuesday and seek the suspension of students for one month, besides an affidavit from parents of students that such acts would not happen again. \"The district administration also, on its part, should act against the students as per law,\" he said.Mandi-based advocate Sanjay Mandayal has already submitted a written police complaint demanding action against the students. \"The freshers' party was held last week, but the matter came to light after someone uploaded the offensive video clip. The act of IIT students degrades Hindu religion as they have indulged in character assassination of Pandavas and Draupadi,\" he said.IIT Mandi authorities are tightlipped about the issue as they were waiting for the return of director Timothy A Gonsalves, who is abroad. Though efforts were made to contact IIT officials over the issue, no one answered the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706035", "title": "Chowdhurys offer students tips on quick learning", "text": "BHOPAL: The mind-body seminar was organised in the city on Saturday. The session was addressed by Guinness World Record holders Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury and his wife Neerja, who talked at length about how to study and learn faster.Addressing students, Biswaroop demonstrated various memory skills like CRISMAS (concentration, ridiculous thinking, imagination, sleep, mnemonics, association and science of belief) whereby he associated various objects and situations to make it easier to remember.Next, he also demonstrated by recollecting 48 random numbers forward and backward, which enthralled the students.His wife Neerja, the record holder in memorising the Oxford Dictionary (English-Hindi) also demonstrated and gave tips to parents on how to study and learn faster. She was also Biswaroop's student.Biswaroop talked about mind controlling techniques and how to use the mind-body medicine principle to gain extra energy instantly. He also spoke about the power of concentration and intelligent food theory.He also talked about his latest book 'Hospital se Zinda Kaise Laute?' (How to come back alive from hospital?)Large number of students and their parents turned up for the consecutive three sessions of the seminar. The seminar would be held on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704312", "title": "BJP wants three babus for impartial irrigation probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP on Saturday demanded that the ruling DF government appoint a committee of three bureaucrats to probe the irregularities in the irrigation projects that has kicked up a political storm in the state.A day after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had a meeting, where apparently the white paper giving details of the irrigation projects were discussed, BJP leader Vinod Tawde questioned the efficacy of such a document. At a news meet, the Leader of Opposition in the state legislative council said, \"After the Chavan-Pawar meeting, many feel that the white paper will be nothing but an eyewash. If the government is serious about conducting a probe, it should appoint three IAS officers of the ranks of a secretary or principal secretary to investigate how costs for the projects escalated and the irregularities in the irrigation department.\"Asked if the BJP was confident about an unbiased investigation by the bureaucrats, Tawde admitted that some IAS officers did work for the Congress-NCP. \"But there are some bureaucrats who are sincere about their work. If some of them are appointed on the probe panel, an impartial report will be delivered,\" Tawde added.The BJP has even submitted a list of 35 points that needs to be addressed while conducting the investigation. \"I have submitted the list to the chief minister. If the government is serious about the probe, it will consider them. Otherwise, the investigation will be referred as \"wash paper\" and not white paper,\" Tawde said. \"We will not accept a \"wash paper\". If the government fails to meet our demand, the BJP will escalate its protest against the corruption in the DF government. We will come out with a black paper on the irregularities in the irrigation department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16709757", "title": "CBI probe demanded in Popat Bharvad's murder case in Dhrangdhra", "text": "RAJKOT: The family members of 34-year-old Popat Bharvad, who was hacked to death in broad daylight in the Dhrangdhra town in Surendranagar district by four persons few days ago, have demanded the CBI probe.Police is on a lookout for the accused-Indrasinh Zala, Dilipsinh Zala, Mahavirsinh Zala and Paresh Rabari-who have been named in the complaint lodged by Paresh Barot, an eyewitness.However, police is yet to trace the accused. Popat Bharvad's family members submitted their memorandum to district collector Pradeep Shah and d emanded the immediate arrest the accused.\"We have also demanded to CBI probe in the murder of Popat Bharvad. The accused were well connected with the local politician and police are protecting the accused'' said one of the family members of the deceased Bharvad.One of the accused Indrasinh Zala is a BJP councillor in Dhrangadhra municipality and the former president of the civic body. Police said that Bharwad had beaten up Indrasinh's nephew during Janmashtami festival and robbed him. A complaint was also filed against him and he was on the run since then.Dhrangadhra is barely 45 kilometres from Thangadh, where three Dalit youths were killed in police firing last month. After the final rites were over, a mob had torched Indrasinh's house and ransacked some hand carts and shops. There was no one present in his house when the rioters struck. Police said that accused escaped from the town after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705490", "title": "Two injured in firing at real estate office", "text": "PUNE: Two men, one of them a criminal on Pune rural police records, sustained bullet injuries after four people opened fire at them in a real estate office at Avdhut arcade, Patilbaugh in Wadgaon Budruk on Pune-Bangalore highway on Saturday.The injured criminal on record Appa Akhade, and Shankar Akhade, both from Nandoshi in Haveli taluka, have received bullet injuries on their stomachs and legs. They are recuperating in a private hospital.Additional superintendent of police Pratapsingh Pardeshi told TOI that the Akhades were present at the Rajhans real estate, owned by Sanjay Alhat, when the assailants arrived about 4 pm and one of them fired five rounds. Alhat was not present in the office.Pardeshi said the motive behind the incident has not yet been ascertained.Assistant inspector Namdeo Kauthale of the Haveli police said investigations have revealed thatone of the assailants was armed with a sickle, but he did not attack anyone in the office.Kauthale said the victims have not identified the assailants. No suspects has been detained for questioning. Appa was involved in murder cases registered with the Bhor and Paud police stations in 2003-04. He was acquitted by the district and sessions court here. Alhat, during questioning, told the police that the Akhades who are also into real estate business, were his friends.A case of attempted murder has been registered under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Arms Act, with the Haveli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705912", "title": "CBI hopeful of headway in Denel, Tatra cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is hoping for significant breakthroughs in two cases of alleged corruption in defence deals.According to officials, the agency has been promised new information by the South African authorities in the alleged bribes paid by defence firm Denel to middlemen for securing an Indian Army contract between 1999 and 2005.The assurance of information was made when CBI director A P Singh was in South Africa to discuss the lack of cooperation from them over the years in the case.The CBI's second major achievement is the legal opinion obtained in recent days supporting its decision to chargesheet former BEML chairman V R S Natarajan and Tatra chief Ravi Rishi for criminal misconduct and conspiracy. According to sources, the legal scrutiny has upheld the CBI team's decision that the two can be charged under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for criminal conspiracy.The CBI has found that BEML under Natarajan gave up manufacturing rights, especially for the crucial axle technology for the all-terrain trucks, when he entered into a new agreement with Tatra Sipox, UK, in 2003. Instead of starting indigenous manufacture of the axles, Natarajan allegedly misled the government to believe Rishi had refused to supply any technology related to axle and other parts.In the case of Denel, which is now blacklisted in India for allegedly paying bribes to middlemen in anti-material rifles contracts in 1999, 2002 and 2005, sources said they are hoping to finally move forward on the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704291", "title": "Congress, NCP bring focus back on white paper", "text": "MUMBAI: After last week's high drama surrounding Ajit Pawar's resignation, the focus has again shifted back to the white paper on irrigation projects and its contents.On Saturday, NCP chief Sharad Pawar, who returned to the city from Vietnam, reportedly met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan at Sayhadri guesthouse. Earlier in the day, Pawar also had a meeting with Ajit Pawar and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare. Though Pawar did not divulge details of the meetings, a source said the white paper on irrigation came up for discussion besides other issues. The document was apparently one of the topics also discussed during a meeting with the CM and Ajit Pawar on Thursday.Political analysts said the developments in the past few days pointed to a de-escalation of tension between the Congress and NCP over the irrigation controversy and Ajit Pawar's resignation. While the preparation for the white paper has gained momentum, cloud looms large over the deadline for it to be made public. NCP's chief spokesperson Nawab Malik had earlier said the document could be placed during the winter session of the assembly, but a senior NCP member claimed it could be even earlier.The document itself could be toned down. The Congress now insists that by a \"white paper\" they meant an \"occasional factual\" paper on the lines of documents on subsidies and black money brought out by the Centre. It would not be in the form of a \"chargesheet\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704774", "title": "Man flees hosp; he's unconscious, cop tells court!", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior sub-inspector from Ajni police station informed the court on Friday that he could not record the statement of a victim in a grievous hurt case as the man was lying unconscious at the hospital. In reality, the man had already fled from the hospital ward and was photographed in the locality where he stayed.PSI BM Paradkar of Ajni police station, through an application before the court on Friday, had informed additional chief judicial magistrate RN Pandhare that the injured Banduji Motghare had been admitted at Government Medical College and Hospital. He stated that the statement of the injured could not be recorded as he was in a state of unconsciousness.Taken to GMCH on September 25 late evening, Motghare had fled from the ward no. 10 in the early morning of September 28. The GMCH authorities have already informed police and there was also an entry about it in the record of the registrar for medico-legal cases. Dr PG Dixit, vice dean and head of the forensic department, also confirmed the incident to TOI.Motghare was allegedly assaulted by Kishan Pradhan and Amar Nandagawali during a drunken brawl at Kaushalya Nagar on September 25 evening. Ajni police station has registered an offence and arrested the accused duo.Defense counsel Parag Ukey, representing Pradhan and Nandagawali, was preparing to bring the matter before the court on Saturday. By this time, PSI Paradkar had come to know that Motghare had fled the hospital. To save his skin, PSI Paradkar then falsely told the court that Motghare had fled the hospital on October 4. Thus, he allegedly lied to the court twice within 24 hours.Defense counsel Ukey said that he already has a photograph showing Motghare seated on a chair in front of his residence in Kaushalya Nagar. \"It is outrageous that police are resorting to unfair means even before the court. Till date the injury report could not be procured by police but they had already registered an offense of assault on the basis of perception which is bizarre,\" said Ukey. He added that police authorities are liable to legal action for the act.Paradkar had said in his application that the injury report could not be procured as the doctors of GMCH are on strike.Based on Ukey's argument about the unfair means resorted by police, the court granted bail to Pradhan and Nandagawali on payment of surety of Rs 15,000 each.Senior counsel and former DGP Sathianathan said that court too can order an inquiry into the matter under section 340 criminal procedure code. He said that the officer's act amounted to perjury and court is liable for registration of offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16706418", "title": "Alagiri men held for creating nuisance", "text": "MADURAI: Five persons including close associates of Union minister M K Alagiri have been arrested for creating a nuisance in public by bursting crackers in Madurai on Saturday.Police said they burst crackers in residential areas and close to petrol stations, to celebrate the release of a murder accused from prison, scaring people. The arrested have been identified as Essor B Gopi, a close confidante of Alagiri, his brothers Easwaran, Bose Muthiah from Villapuram and M Mari, and S Sundaramahalingam.Police said B Maruthu (38), brother of Gopi, was a key accused in the murder of auto driver Pandiarajan. The death of Pandiarajan was initially treated by police as a road accident, but fresh investigations after the AIADMK government assumed charge revealed that he was murdered. The case was converted into a murder case in July, 2011, and several people including Gopi were arrested in connection with the case. But Maruthu managed to evade arrest for several months and was arrested only on August 2 this year. He was remanded in Palayamkottai central prison, police said. However, he obtained bail and came out of prison on October 5.A statement from the police said in a bid to celebrate Maruthu's release, his associates burst crackers on busy roads and residential areas in a manner that posed a threat to human life and property.A case was registered in Avaniapuram police station and they were arrested. The five were lodged in prison on judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705718", "title": "Narrow curve becoming a death trap", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The narrow curve along the MC road at Kuravankuzhy is turning out to be a death trap for motorists. The accident which claimed four lives on Saturday is the worst that happened in the stretch.The locals point out that the dangerous nature of the curve coupled with shoddy parking of vehicles in front of a nearby restaurant often result in accidents.\"The road becomes so cluttered with vehicles being parked on either side of this curve. The vehicles block the vision of drivers coming from opposite sides and they can hardly see each other till it is too close,\" said Arjun V S a local resident.As part of road development under KSTP, almost all the curves coming in this area were starightened. \"However the officials met with some difficulties related to land acquisition and they left some of the curves as such. Now they are becoming very dangerous, not just for the motorists but also for the pedestrians,\" he added.Two months ago a pick up van plunged into a nearby canal after the driver had lost control while trying to overtake a car at the curve.Two youths had lost their lives after the bike they were travelling was hit by a bus on the same spot.\"We could hear them screaming from inside. But there was nothing much we could do as the lorry was too heavy to be removed. They could be taken out only after an hour since the accident happened. By that time two people were already dead,\" an eye witness said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16707829", "title": "Ulfa leader Anup Chetia likely to be handed over to India by December-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top ULFA leader Anup Chetia, currently lodged in a jail in Bangladesh, is likely to be handed over to India by the end of this year.This indication was given by Dhaka saying the procedure to repatriate Chetia was underway, a senior government official told PTI.The issue has been flagged to Dhaka and will be discussed at the three-day India-Bangladesh home secretary-level talks beginning in Dhaka on October 14.Last week, Bangladesh home minister Mohiuddin Khan Alamgir, soon after taking charge of the portfolio, had said his country was exhausting all legal procedures to hand over Chetia to India.The repatriation process of Ulfa 'general secretary', who has served out his imprisonment in Bangladesh, began \"several months ago and is yet to be completed\".Chetia was arrested in Bangladesh in 1997 and is under detention on completion of his seven-year jail term for cross-border intrusion, carrying fake passports and illegally keeping foreign currencies.He has completed his prison term but still being in jail in line with a Bangladeshi HC directive in August, 2003 to keep him in safe custody until the government made a decision on his prayer seeking political asylum in Bangladesh. An NGO too had filed a petition in a court there supporting Chetia's plea for asylum.India and Bangladesh do not have any extradition treaty but are bound by a pact for exchanging imprisoned nationals in each other's jails.Taking bilateral security cooperation to a new high, several Ulfa stalwarts, including its chief Arabinda Rajkhowa, were detained in Bangladesh and subsequently handed over to India in recent years.During the home secretary-level talks, India and Bangladesh may ink the extradition treaty, negotiations for which have been going on for several years now.Union home secretary R K Singh will also travel to Akhaura soon after reaching Dhaka on October 15 before returning to Bangladeshi capital for talks the next day.A meeting of Joint Working Group at the level of officials will be held on October 14 to do the spadework for the secretary-level talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706097", "title": "'Stress-free life key to good memory'", "text": "BHOPAL: \" Stress kills memory. Leading a healthy stress-free life is key to good memory,\" said memory man Dr Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury in town to address a seminar on mind and health. But this time round focusing on heath, Roy Chowdhury tells us nothing is impossible once you set your mind to it.A multiple Guinness World Record holder for memory and push-ups, Chowdhury' discussed how health was the prime factor in memory skills of a person. He has even written a book on Hospital se Zinda Kaise Laute (How to come back alive from a hospital?)\"Often you have a disease, you pop a pill and you relapse to some other disease. The mind is always behind each and every symptom and disease, including a simple toothache, backache, diabetes and cancer,\" he said.Talking about the book, he said, \"It is about the politics, science and commerce of diseases. You don't just fall ill, you are also made to fall ill sometimes.\"Married to Guinness Record holder Neerja Roy Chowdhury, who has memorised the Oxford English Dictionary, Chowdhury has authored 25 books in 18 Indian languages. His claim to fame was the Guinness Record for memory whereby he recalled 14 randomly selected birth dates with names in the same order in 2 minutes in 2006. Next in April 2007, he attempted 198 push-ups in 1 minute.\"Your body is capable of achieving wonderful things only if you set your mind to it. For that you need to think positive and keep yourself healthy,\" he said, narrating how doctors had given up on him as he had a hole in his heart. Also while in college, he was called 'absent-minded'.\"During college years I read numerous books on mind power and memory skills and followed the strategies. By self-tutoring I developed these skills over time,\" said the PhD in mind healing.\"What you eat, think, lifestyle, stress-level and physical activity all contribute to sharpening towards your memory,\" he said.\"Be happy, drink lots of water, eat fruits, sleep well and exercise regularly,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704303", "title": "Maytas Properties suffers a setback", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major setback for realty firm Maytas Properties Ltd (MPL) and kin of scam-tainted Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju, the Andhra Pradesh State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (APSCDRC) has issued bailable warrants against them after they failed to comply with an earlier April 2012 order of the commission awarding compensation to a clutch of aggrieved Maytas Hill County property buyers.The order, issued by APSCDRC president Justice D Appa Rao on Thursday, has directed the managing director of MPL, formerly promoted by the Raju family but now controlled by IL&FS; group, Raju's younger son Byrraju Rama Raju as well as two other Raju kin Datla Gopala Krishnam Raju and Datla Venkata Satya Subba Raju to be present before the commission on October 29, 2012.The latest order was issued in response to a plea filed by four aggrieved Maytas Hill County buyers for enforcement of the state commission order of April 2012 after MPL representatives and Raju kin failed to comply with the order that had directed them to repay the property buyers along with the compensation awarded.If they do not appear before the state commission on the specified date then non-bailable warrants could be issued against them.Incidentally, MPL had challenged the earlier APSCDRC order awarding compensation to the aggrieved property buyers in the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) in June this year but failed to get a stay on it.In its April 2012 order, APSCDRC had directed the erstwhile Ramalinga Raju kin promoted company to repay the money it had taken from nearly 57 aggrieved buyers of the Hill County Project along with an interest of 12% per annum from the time it took the money from the buyers to the time it repays it back.The three-member bench headed by Justice Appa Rao had in the order also directed MPL to pay a Rs 1 lakh compensation and costs of Rs 10,000 to each property buyer. The state commission had also ordered banks like Axis Bank , State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank , that had extended home loans to Hill County buyers, to directly recover the disbursed amounts from MPL instead of the beleaguered buyers as some banks had given loans directly to MPL though the property was not constructed, and after the scam came to light, were asking borrowers to pay EMIs on the loans instead of recovering money from MPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16711105", "title": "Sonarika wants her life partner to be like Mahadev", "text": "Actor Sonarika Bhadoria who currently plays the role of Parvati in Nikhil Sinha's mythological show Devo Ke Dev...Mahadev feels that it is difficult to get a man like Mahadev in real life.\"I would love to have someone like him in real life who can love me unconditionally. I want somebody who is romantic at heart and can do romantic stuff for me. From taking me for long drives to gifting me flowers, he should pamper me,\" says she.For Sonarika love is yet to happen but Sonarika's ideal man's definition would be a positive person who is good at heart and most importantly he has to love her parents. \"I want a mature person who can take care of me and my parents. He has to be a person with matured thoughts. I just love the concept of older men.\" Sonarika's favourite couple in recent times is Saif and Kareena. \"They look absolutely stunning together,\" she ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16705424", "title": "Old Narmada water in new bottle", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With water becoming an election issue in Saurashtra, despite late rains saving much of the pain, the state government is packaging old wine in a new bottle. This is how the 'new' Rs 10,000-crore project announced by chief minister Narendra Modi in September last week, to transfer surplus Narmada waters to Saurashtra, is being described in the top corridors of power.Saurashtra, where former chief minister Keshubhai Patel is campaigning hard against Modi, will be a key region in the upcoming assembly polls.Well-placed sources in Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) said, the project - nicknamed by Modi as Saurashtra Narmada Avtaran Irrigation (SAUNI) - was first outlined by the Narmada Planning Group, operating under well-known academic Y K Alagh, in a report titled 'Planning for Prosperity' in 1987.A chapter in the report talked of augmenting \"extra monsoon water\" in Narmada in three different regions - Saurashtra, Kutch and North Gujarat. It suggested lifting Narmada waters 20 metres high for the transfer to Saurashtra. But it concluded that the reliability of the transfer was \"very low.\" Hence, it was left for an expert hydrological study to work out the details.Two top experts from Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad and Tata Institute of Social Science who did the job concluded that even if one-fifth of one million acre feet (MAF) of water is transferred to Saurashtra, \"its reliability would be less than 20 per cent\".\"The hydrological study also suggested that when Saurashtra is in need of water, there is not enough rainfall in the Narmada catchment. And, when there is enough water in Narmada catchment, it also rains heavily in Saurashtra. Indeed, it doesn't make sense in transferring water to Saurashtra when it rains heavily in the region,\" one official said.When contacted, Alagh said, \"If any new study is available that would help augment one MAF of water to Saurashtra, the Gujarat government should publish it in public interest.\"Interestingly, SSNNL officials are not aware of any feasibility study done on the transfer of surplus waters to Saurashtra. \"Not only has no administrative approval been taken; the state finance department has not been approached to fund the project, if it exists at all,\" a senior official said.Modi's announcement to transfer one MAF of water to Saurashtra is based on the assumption that \"enough extra Narmada water\" is available. The idea was valid in 1980s and 1990s, when water was there. However, this is going to be a difficult proposition with the quantum of water expected to shrink. \"If Madhya Pradesh (MP) previously did not build its irrigation potential, and the Narmada command area was not fully developed, things are changing. MP is on its way to utilize its share, and the 18 lakh hectares (ha) Narmada command area will use up rest of the water,\" a senior official said.He underlined, \"Narmada command is already short of water. Its allocation is maximum nine MAF, while it needs another three MAF by utilizing local sources. From where will they get three MAF for transfer to Saurashtra, Kutch and North Gujarat?\"Also, it is suggested, the project is financially not feasible. \"You want to irrigate one lakh ha of area of Saurashtra with Narmada waters, which means each ha would cost Rs 10 lakh. This is against the thumb-rule for any irrigation project - Rs 2 lakh per ha. One has to add - the cost of power to lift water to Saurashtra as extra,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705305", "title": "Short films hit big screens", "text": "When independent filmmaker Amlan Datta was told that his documentary 'Bom - One Day Ahead of Democracy' was going to get a Diwali release at select PVR Cinemas' theatres across the country, he wanted to light a bunch of firecrackers himself.\"I have been struggling to get my film shown somewhere in the country but was hitting a wall. And here was a mainstream cinema house wanting to show my movie at their multiplexes. I couldn't believe it,\" says Datta, a three-time national award winner from Kolkata, who says this is his first commercial release in India.The film is not something most Diwali mega-budget masalas are made of. It is about Malana, a village in Himachal Pradesh that produces the best quality hashish, and how modernity destroys its culture. And yet, Datta's documentary will show at a screen near you for the same price at prime time.Perhaps it has to do with the fact that the country is celebrating 100 years of cinema or just that the Indian audience is opening up to all kinds of cinema. Whatever the reason, docu filmmakers like Datta are not complaining as mainstream theatres in the country are beginning to open their doors to them. Albeit, an inch at a time.In September this year, both PVR and SPI Cinemas (formerly Sathyam Cinemas) in Chennai screened the feature documentary 'Fire In Babylon', which is about the rise of the West Indian cricket team. Although box-office collections were lower than anticipated, Swaroop Reddy, director, SPI Cinemas, believes it was a movie worth screening. \"It was an experiment for us. And hopefully we will have more exciting docus showing at our theatres in the future,\" he says.Shiladitya Bora, head of PVR Cinemas' Director's Rare, which releases independent feature films, says that it's going to be a regular initiative. \"We believe there is a space for all kinds of cinema. We have already pushed the envelope by giving indie content a mainstream exhibition. Now we want to take it forward and treat our audiences to documentaries,\" says Bora, adding that the theatre will screen one documentary film every month.In December 2011, to promote the development and funding of documentaries, the Indian Documentary Foundation (IDF), headed by actor-director Jaaved Jaaferi, organised a forum in Kerala called TriggerPitch where filmmakers and organisations interested in marketing and distributing were brought together. Filmmakers are given seven minutes each to pitch their work.\"PVR Cinemas and Big Cinema were part of that forum, and they agreed to distribute Miriam Chandy Menacherry's documentary 'The Rat Race', which is about Mumbai's night rat killers. That was a positive step,\" says Sophy Sivaraman, executive director of IDF, adding that the forum will be held again in December this year.A few days ago, 16 filmmakers from across the country, including national award winners Aparna Sen, Onir, Ashutosh Gowariker, Buddhadev Das Gupta and Rituparno Ghosh began an online petition to support indie films, which they will send to the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. \"The multiplexes, which were given tax benefits to promote small-budget content, have been instrumental in destroying small cinema by playing the box-office game,\" says Onir.Currently, Kolkata is the only city in India with a theatre, Nandan, which is dedicated to screening short films and documentaries. The first screening was held in May this year, with proceeds from the ticket sales being shared with directors. Onir believes that the government can do a lot more. \"We are campaigning to get Rs 200 crore from the Rs 600 crore allotted by the government for celebrating 100 years of Indian cinema and use it to build 400 mini theatres across the country that can screen non-mainstream indie films,\" he says. Until then, award-winning filmmakers like Datta have no choice but to keep knocking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705680", "title": "When kids had a date with history", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"Is that real?,\" screamed Ananthu, an LKG student of St Antony's School, Kanjirampara, looking at a stuffed lion preserved in the Natural History Museum in the city. Another student from the school, Navneeth, also could not believe that the animals, birds and skeletons displayed there are not original.Ananthu and 63 of his schoolmates had come to the museum as part of a one-day picnic organized by the school.\"It is hard to believe that the animals showcased here are a century old. We could find the whole animal kingdom here,\" said Shabana, a class IV student.The rich collection of historical artifacts has been attracting hordes of students to the recently renovated museum, which was built in 1964. \"Stuffed animals, birds, invertebrates and skeletons preserved in specially designed rooms are highly informative for students. A place like this will make them happy,\" said Sr Sebas Maria, headmistress of St Antony's School.Many of the exhibits got a new look following the renovation, during which the damaged exhibits were repaired. It was done scientifically so as to preserve the years-old carcasses as such.An 18-ft-long jaw bone of the Indian fin whale, a human skeleton made out of ivory and 450 specimens of birds leave the visitors in awe. \"The ivory model of human skeleton was made in 1853 under the command of Uthram Thirunal Marthanda Varma Maharaja for scientific study. More students are visiting the museum now, especially college-goers,\" said A Abu, superintendent, Natural History Museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706695", "title": "Varanasi still paying for BSP\u2019s mistakes: Azam Khan", "text": "VARANASI: UP urban development minister Azam Khan has said the city and the state in general are still paying a heavy price for mistakes committed by the Mayawati government in the past.Khan was in the city on Saturday to review progress of developmental work under departments like Varanasi Municipal Corporation and UP Jal Nigam, as well as projects such as arrangements for Haj pilgrims.After a meeting with the officials, he told reporters, \"Embezzlement of funds by ministers and officers during the Mayawati regime has adversely affected the pace of development works in the state.\"Even the judiciary had been misled in cases such as that of dry pit latrines, said the minister. He said major anomalies have been detected in the work of officials of the state urban development authority (SUDA) and the state government would soon produce a report on the same before the Supreme Court.He said it was shocking that the work of constructing 20 overhead tanks in the city was given to a single company. The minister asked why officials of the department concerned did object to the same. The company has been penalized and is still working to complete the work, but the pace of work is very slow, he added. He said he would engage experts from IIT to ascertain the quality of work in the same overhead tanks and stern action would be initiated against the officials concerned if it is not found up to the mark.The minister said the delay in procurement of land has put the project to construct sewage treatment plant in a limbo. However, he made it clear that the STP would come on floor only after land for the same is made available by the farmers after a proper agreement. He said encroachers and squatters on government land would be dealt with strictly. Regarding the proposal of opening a Haj house, he said the process of selecting a site for the same was on. Opening the Haj house at the cultural complex was not being considered yet because it may generate controversy, he said.The minister admitted that the announcements made by him during his last visit had not been implemented completely so far. He said the government had limited options of utilising the available manpower. Punishing the available officials and employees would not solve the purpose, hence the government is trying to utilize them properly in the interest of citizens. But that doesn't mean that non-performers would be spared, he said, adding that they may not just face suspension, but termination of services too.Regarding the breach of contract between Varanasi Municipal Corporation and A2Z, he said he had not ordered the removal of A2Z. The company had not performed as per the payments made to it by the VMC, he said, adding that if municipal corporations had their own funds they could engage private companies for sanitation works and solid waste management (SWM).He said such companies can't be allowed to run SWM project just to manufacture fertilizers but they would have to generate power too. He said some organizations were in contact with the government for SWM.The minister admitted that the municipal corporations are facing the problem of identifying dumping grounds for garbage disposal. Khan said the process for recruiting cleanliness employees would be started very soon to end the crisis of manpower for sanitation works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16706137", "title": "Signals Vihar 30th anniversary celebrated", "text": "MHOW: The residents of Signals Vihar, a colony which houses retired defence officers, celebrated its 30th anniversary at the defence services officers institute (DSOI) on Friday evening. A number of serving and retired officers along with their families were present at the function where Tambola, orchestra, singing and dance was organised.Army War College commandant Lt Gen P G Kamath was the chief guest at the function whereas Lt General Rajesh Pant was the special guest. Mhow station commander Brig Mukesh Kumar was also present along with senior retired officers.Colony Ladies Club members and a noted artist Mira Paintal who is also the founder of the club gifted two paintings to Lt Gen Kamath for the DSOI, of which he is the patron. Noted singer Shifa Ansari presented two songs. The centre of attraction was dance by 85-year-old Devika Rani Ponwar and septuagenarian Brig Sivinder Singh. Lt Col (retired) Harbhajan Singh also captivated the audience with his melodious voice. Senior retired officers in their 80s Lt Col Nitranjan Singh Lt Col Onkar also graced the occasion.The programme was conducted by Tripta Singh and Veena Chug, both members of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704392", "title": "\u2018Childhood trauma remains\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Most battered babies carry the baggage of emotional trauma for the rest of their lives even if physical injuries heal with time, say experts. Often, injuries inflicted on toddlers by their parents or near and dear ones deeply affect their personalities.In the last six months, at least three major cases of child battering have been brought to the notice of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) in the city. In all these cases, the grave nature of injuries prompted the parents to seek medical intervention. Chairman of CWC Dr Shaila Mhatre said, \"Earlier we had cases of stepmoms battering babies, but now even biological mothers are doing this to their children.\" Mhatre said the child becomes a victim of physical as well as enormous emotional trauma. Battered children are often placed in shelter homes till the authorities are sure about their security and sometimes have to stay there for up to two to three years. She recollected a case where a battered four-year old girl, placed in a shelter, later refused to return to her parents.While many feel toddlers may have little memory of battering at a young age, experts say it is a wrong notion. Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty said between 0-7 years is when the child's emotional development takes place and if this is interrupted, it impacts their life.Santa Cruz-based child psychiatrist Dr Milind Joshi said children who are battered go on to develop long-term hostility towards their parents, besides grappling with development issues of their own. \"Many develop anti-social traits like stealing, telling lies, gambling, etc,\" he said. Joshi added that depression and vulnerability to abuse are the commonest conditions that battered babies could be suffering from. He added that in such cases it is imperative to see why the parents are resorting to such violence.Head of psychiatry at KEM Hospital Dr Shubhangi Parkar said in Aahuti Joshi's case, the family has to ensure the surviving daughter Devhuti, now 13 months, is protected and gets emotional support from the entire family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16705955", "title": "Sueoka seals it for Dempo", "text": "MARGAO: Potential champions Churchill Brothers came up with a superlative performance as the 6th edition of the I-League kicked off at the Nehru Stadium, Fatorda on Saturday. They raised visions of upsetting the applecart of defending champions, Dempo Sports Club even though they conceded a goal, as early as in the second minute. But that was not to be as Dempo sneaked home 2-1.Brazilian Roberto Mendes Silva looked to be in his elements, stitching together clinical passes, exhibiting deft touches while breaking down the Dempo defence even as Henri Antchouet played second fiddle. Steven Dias, Tomba Singh and Lenny Rodrigues stood out in the middle and won many balls that took the match away from the Men in Blue for a major share of the encounter. The defence, too, stood tall and refused to relent except for that second minute error when goalkeeper Sandip Nandy lapsed in concentration and allowed the diminutive Japanese, Sueoka Ryuji slip a weak push home off a Clifford cross.Beto always looked good to get Churchill a goal. And though he had to wait until the start of the second session to achieve that, Churchill came up with enough opportunities that could have given them a convincing lead. But as luck would have it, the crossbar, near misses and goalkeeper Subhashish Roy Chowdhury did them in.Despite the conviction with which Churchill played, Dempo showed no signs of panic. The defence led by Mahesh Gawli played with tenacity. And though the midfield floundered occasionally, losing balls they should have won, they nevertheless, maintained pressure with Clifford Miranda and Anthony Pereira blazing the flanks while Climax Lawrence kept spraying passes around while falling back to retrieve before venturing on another counter.It is on the counter when Dempo are most dangerous. They have this ability to string together passes with such precision and pace that the rival defence and goalkeeper is often beaten. It was one such counter that gave them the winner.Sueoka displayed a characteristic Dempo one-touch finish when clinically powering Anthony's prompting with a shot that saw the ball furrow furiously along the ground past a dazed Sandip Nandy under the bar. Sueoka was so quick and clinical that the finish took Denzil Franco and Ravanan by surprise even though they had him bottled.However, Dempo never looked the side that could have won the encounter. It was only after the advent of fresh legs in Joaquim Abranches and Koko Sakibo that their fortunes changed for the better. They added more pace and power and the moves were orchestrated in a more organized manner.Dempo almost finished in a flourish when Anthony and Abranches rifled shots at goal. It took the experienced Nandy some acrobatics to deny both players towards the fag end of the clash.\"Churchill played a much better game but I'm happy with the performance of my boys and most importantly, the winning start,\" said Dempo chief coach Armando Colaco.Churchill coach Mariano Dias was happy with the performance of the team but the disappointment of the loss was writ large on his face. \"We played really well, but luck was not on our side. The combination and finish by Sueoka that got them the winner was simply brilliant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16706112", "title": "CA not to pressure its players to skip IPL", "text": "Cricket Australia has said it will not put pressure on Australian cricketers to skip the Indian Premier League in order to be fresh for next year's Ashes series, adding that one should learn from Shane Watson if he is to be at his best when his country needs him most.Watson made no secret of his dismay at being rested for the recent one-day series against Pakistan but the decision has been vindicated by his marauding performances at the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka, where he topped the batting table and tied with Ajantha Mendis for most wickets leading into last night's semifinal.The vice-captain presents CA with a conundrum because it needs him to be fit and fresh for big series such as next month's showdown with South Africa for the No.1 Test ranking and the fight to regain the Ashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16706596", "title": "China trains anti-graft officials to spot luxury", "text": "BEIJING: China's anti-corruption officials are being trained to spot luxury objects and lavish lifestyles as part of a special course for investigations against corrupt officials.The move comes after tens of thousands of netizens protested corrupt officials' blatant show of wealth after one of them, Yang Dacai, was sacked as he was photographed wearing 11 expensive and imported watches in Shaanxi Province.Reports said one of the watches he wore was worth his one-year salary.Corrupt officials are known to frequent expensive clubs, own costly cars and bungalows with private swimming pools and use private yachts for vacationing.Photographs of officials in expensive suits , using golden lighters and smoking costly brands of cigarettes are routinely posted on Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter, provoking outrage among netizens.Officials said the course has been designed as anti-corruption sleuths are often unable to spot whether an official's lifestyle is proportional to his/her salary.They also are being trained to understand money transfers and deals concerning purchase of cars and property on fake names. China's anti-corruption agencies had not yet treated luxury items as evidence of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706071", "title": "Young Indians donate books to school kids", "text": "BHOPAL: Young Indians (Yi) Bhopal celebrated the Joy of Giving Week by organizing an activity of children's library and play zone. Yi Bhopal education co-chair Shweta Kataria initiated the activity. The activity took place at Narela Shankari Govt School at village Narela. With a drawing competition for the students on 'social awareness' topic, Yi members also made posters on various social issues. The entire room was decorated to be a perfect library for kids, where they can play and learn together.Interactive session with students was also organized wherein they were taught on sanitation/good habits, family values, traffic rules, importance of water etc. Yi members also donated the school various story books, toys, games, stationery material, posters etc.Principal Archana Ray praised the activity organized by Young Indians Bhopal and their contribution towards social development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706132", "title": "Tips against eve-teasing for girls from movie clips", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Besides holding awareness camps at girls' colleges and schools against eve-teasing, women cops are all set to organise small movie shows based on the theme of the eve-teasing menace from Monday.Station Officer of the Mahila Thana Rita Singh told TOI that \"We have planned exhibition of small movie clips to students of girls' schools and also in co-ed educational institutions to make them aware against eve-teasing.\" She added that police had also sought cooperation from educational institutes to make girls aware and help them develop self-confidence.Women cops have been visiting girls' schools and colleges to impart training for defence against eve teasers. Police have also distributed pamphlets and pasted stickers with important phone numbers of police officers and control rooms in different parts of the city.Schoolgirl Pratima, told TOI \"It was a good experience learning tips from women cops. It has helped develop self-confidence among us\". She pointed out \"Girls are also learning marshal arts to give a fitting reply to eve-teasers\".Another girl, Pushpa pointed out \"Police must take strict action against eve-teasers when a girl or woman registers her complaint. If police are able to take stringent action, miscreants would never repeat the mistake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705493", "title": "Dome sweet dome", "text": "VADODARA: Renowned Parsi lawyer and philanthropist Jeru Contractor's grand old mansion, located on Vadodara's RC Dutt Road, may not be formally labelled as a heritage building, but it is definitely a part of the city's folklore. After all, its builder created some of the most beautiful and grand buildings of the erstwhile royal city more than a century ago, and adopted the same architectural style for his own houses.This beautiful, 130-year-old, imposing structure in red and cream reflects the grandeur and beauty - albeit on a much smaller scale - that was envisioned by Maharaja Sayaji Rao Gaekwad for the landmark MS University. Jeru's great-grandfather Khansaheb Faramji Cowasji Contractor was entrusted the task of turning that vision into a brick-and-mortar reality.The beautiful domes on the side wings of the two-storied house are the most visible signs of the architectural influence of MSU. These domes serve as the ceilings of the two first-floor bedrooms.\"My great grandfather built seven bungalows for his family,\" reveals Jeru, who recently got the mansion built in the Indo-Saracenic style, restored with the help of Mysore-based heritage restoration architect, Ravi Gundu Rao. \"My parents occupied this one in 1942, after the earlier occupants, members of the royal family, vacated it,\" Jeru says.Few new features were added simultaneously without disturbing the original style, which include the rainwater harvesting system emptying into an old well in the vast 50,000 sq ft compound.The exterior promises wonderful interiors; yet, there is no inkling of a lovely surprise indoors. After crossing over the beautifully laid out drawing room with its period furniture, charming wooden ceiling, and walls embossed with beautiful floral patterns, the enchanted, lush green scenery of a typical Kerala rural house suddenly looms into view.Banana trees crowd the open courtyard, embracing a custard apple tree and a huge mango tree, and creating a green oasis. A spacious inner verandah covered by sloping roofs, and build in two distinct styles of architecture runs along the rear side of the courtyard. The kitchen, dining room, stores, Jeru's office and servant quarters are located in this part which is covered by sloping roof topped with mangalorean tiles.\"The roof was damaged and leaking due to wear and tear,\" says Neelesh Thakkar, the civil engineer in Ravi Gundu Rao's team. \"We inserted an aluminium sheet under the tiles to waterproof it without changing the original look.\"A charming skylight and a huge chimney with a sloping exterior over a wood-and-coal-fired stove are the charm quotient of the kitchen. No longer used for cooking, the stove is now the central point where the Parsi occupants pray every day by lighting fire.Winding wooden staircases in three corners of the house lead to the first floor where another beautiful drawing room has a unique feature - ten doors and no window.The Aha moment:Gazing at the smooth curves of the grand domes of the bedrooms which have beautiful floral patterns, Jeru says he has never felt the need to install airconditioning as the domes keep the room cool. Not a drop of rain water has seeped through the dome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16706230", "title": "Auto unions withdraw hike", "text": "AMBALA: The auto-rickshaw unions on Saturday withdrew the increased fare as regional transport authority (RTA) finally woke up to the issue of common man. Auto-rickshaw unions announced the roll back after their representatives had a meeting with secretary of regional transport authority (RTA), Ambala, R K Singh. Secretary had summoned the representatives of auto-rickshaw unions after the residents raised the issue.On October 1, auto-rickshaw unions fixed a minimum rate of Rs 10 per passenger against the old rates of Rs 3 to Rs 5. In the absence of adequate public transport system, the residents had raised hue and cry over the issue which forced RTA to act.RTA secretary ad not only asked the auto-rickshaw unions to withdraw the increased rates but also cautioned them against arbitrary increase without taking prior approval from transport authority.\"All auto-rickshaw unions have given in writing that they will not increase fare hike. We have asked them to follow other rules as well,\" said Singh. When contacted, auto-rickshaw union office-bearers confirmed the withdrawal of increased rates.\"We are duty-bound to follow instructions of RTA. But, at the same time the government must guard our interests as well, especially in the wake if escalating costs of fuel and recurring expenses incurred in maintenance of vehicles,\" said Virender Singh, an office-bearer of auto-rickshaw unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16705898", "title": "Calangute panchayat set to weed out bogus voters", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute village panchayat held a gram sabha on Saturday afternoon to begin the verification of the photo electoral rolls following directions from the block development officer (BDO), Mapusa.Another gram sabha is to be held on October 9 afternoon at the panchayat hall.Panchayat sources said that the process of verifying the photo electoral rolls has been undertaken following complaints of bogus voters being registered on the electoral rolls, as also discrepancies where voters from one ward have been shifted to another ward in Calangute village panchayat area.The BDO is has asked the panchayat to complete the process within one month. Confirming the development, Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira told TOI, \"I have removed all the bogus outsider voters from my ward after identifying them. But it's up to the individual ward members to take up the issue in their wards.\"Elected ward members, as also those who contested the last panchayat elections are expected to give their inputs to identify bogus voters and also to highlight other discrepancies.It is learnt that the verification process has been undertaken following complaints to the BDO by the candidates who lost in the recent panchayat elections and the assembly election earlier, that there was a large scale registration of bogus voters, mostly migrant labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16705820", "title": "State now looks to a bumper Rabi produce", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With the Kharif crop having largely failed in the state on account of the delayed monsoons, Gujarat is now looking for a bumper Rabi produce. The reason behind this optimism is delayed rains have not only made irrigation possible for the Rabi crops, it has also provided conducive conditions for an increase in production.\"We are looking forward to not only an increase in area under Rabi cultivation but also more irrigation of the crops. The situation right now is conducive as there is a high moisture content available in the soil for the farmers to take up sowing operations near Diwali,\" said an official.Officials said that the farmers too are expected to derive maximum out of the Rabi season as they have suffered losses in the Kharif crops. They had sown the seeds for Kharif crops but the monsoon rains were delayed and the effort proved to be futile. By the time the monsoons came, it was too late. The farmers have to be content with a partial produce. The only solace for them has been that the rains have solved the problem of drinking water and fodder for their animals.\"We have the best seeds available in ample quantity for the farmers to sow for the Rabi season. We can just be facilitators as the farmers have to take a call on improving their Rabi produce,\" said an official.The projections that have been drawn point out that the government is looking towards Rabi crop being grown on an area of 56 lakh hectares in the current financial year. This includes horticultural and begetable produce. Last year the crop was grown in an area of 50 lakh hectares. The major Rabi crops grown in the state are wheat, gram, sugarcane and pulses. Sources said there is a likelihood of irrigation facility for 54 lakh hectares of land for the current financial year. Last year irrigation was provided to 48 lakh hectares of land.Officials said Gujarat has an area of about 97 lakh hectares under agriculture. Kharif crop is grown over 89 lakh hectares, Rabi over 40 lakh hectares and Summer crops over 15 lakh hectares of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705459", "title": "Central Horticultural Experiment Station develops new variety of bael", "text": "VADODARA: Central Horticultural Experiment Station (CHES) in Godhra has developed a new variety of bael, the indigenous dry land fruit tree of the country.The new spineless bael variety - 'Goma Yashi' - has been named after river Goma, which passes through the tribal-dominated Panchmahal district where CHES, the research station working under Bikaner-based Central Institute for Arid Horticulture (CIAH) is based.CIAH works under the aegis of New Delhi-based Indian Council of Agricultural Research.Bael (aegle marmelos) is a species of tree native to India and considered to be sacred among Hindus. Leaves of this tree are considered sacred and offered to Lord Shiva, while the fruits form a holy offering to the god and goddess through holy pyre (havan).\"The importance of bael tree is highlighted in Yajur Veda, Buddhist and Jain literature - 'Upavana Vinod', 'Brihat Samhita' and 'Charaka Samhita',\" head of the regional station Dr Sanjay Singh says.'Goma Yashi' plant type was a selection from bael plants collected from Jodhpur. The selected plant type was propagated through patch budding and tested under rainfed conditions for eight years. It is short in stature, spineless, prolific bearer and has early maturity.Fruits are having thin rind, less seed, high pulp and very less fibre, high total soluble solutes (TSS) in pulp and mucilage, less acidity and uniform ripening with good colour of pulp.\"This new variety is suitable to grow under high density planting system because of its short size and the fruit yield during the seventh year was 50 kilogram per plant,\" senior scientist (horticulture) and the man behind developing this variety at CHES Dr A K Singh says.\"This new variety has out-performed the check in respect of flowering, fruiting behaviour, and fruit quality attributes under rainfed conditions of western India,\" he says.CHES's mandate is to promote suitable horticultural technologies in western India particularly for the welfare of tribal population in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh. The centre has started making available quality planting materials of this high yielding variety of bael.Bael is not only valued for its usage in ayurvedic medicines especially for stomach disorders, ailments and improvement in digestive system but its pulp is also used as a base of fruit products like squash, jam, slab, toffee, powder and nectar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705526", "title": "Tenants' info in PCMC areas to be computerized", "text": "PUNE: The city police will soon begin a major project which involves collection and computerization of data related to people staying in rented houses in Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"The process will commence on October 12, based on the data provided by house owners,\" deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Shahaji Umap told TOI. The project assumes significance in the wake of the growing consciousness over security and terror threat.Pimpri-Chinchwad, which once ranked among the richest municipal bodies in Asia, is a thriving industrial belt dominated by manufacturing, automotive and auto-component, small- and mid-size units. The industrial development over the years has given way to rapid growth of residential as well as commercial properties. The twin township attracts settlers and migrants from areas within and outside the state in large numbers.For instance, Umap said, \"The PCMC population is now pegged at 25 lakh, of which nearly 5 lakh people are outsiders, who have settled in the twin township for reasons like job and livelihood. They are staying in rented houses across the 23 police chowkey areas.\"High-ranking police officers had earlier issued directives to all police chowkeys to collect information related to tenants like their names, address, family members, contact number, etc. In case if they came from other states, their additional information related to address proof of home state, name of local police station there, etc.Umap said, \"The police chowkeys will maintain registers containing the information. So far, the police have made it compulsory for house owners to give information about their tenants, copies of the rent agreement and other details. The house owners compile a bunch of these documents and submit it to the local police stations. However, this has led to heaps of such documents lying unused at the police stations.\"He said, \"We will depute one person each at the eight police stations in our limits for entering data of the collected tenant information into computers. A special software has been prepared to secure customised information from the data entered. A central monitoring base will be set up in the DCP's office at Chinchwad.\"Umap said, \"The computerised data will enable the police to sort out tenant data age-wise, state-wise and for other categories as per the requirement in case of any crime and suspected involvement of an outsider. The software will also have security features. The computerisation work is expected to be completed in four months.\"\"The data will further help the police know about the expiry date of the rental agreement of the tenants so that we can check whether they have left the place or are still staying there. We will lodge cases against the unauthorised tenants who continue to stay in a house even after the expiry of rental agreement,\" he said.Umap said, \"We do not want to harass residents, but only want to keep a watch on those coming from outside. So we appeal to house owners to submit the information of their tenants and themselves for improving safety and security of citizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706241", "title": "File returns online in 6-8 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the coming six to eight months, local businessmen and industrialists wona??t have to stand in long queues at the MC office to file property tax returns.They will be able to do so while sitting at home, their offices or from any other place, as the civic body authority has initiated the process to facilitate online filing of taxes.Around 20,000 businessmen and industrialists pay tax on their commercial properties, which adds up to around Rs 14 to 15 crore. However, the authority earns a revenue of around Rs 19 crore annually from it as some people end up paying penalty charges, when they default in paying tax. The MC also gives some rebate to those who file their tax on time or in advance to encourage tax payers to file their tax on time.The records will be gathered first and then would be put online serial-wise, so that data could be accessed at the click of a button. An MC official said, a??The maximum record of the properties of commercial establishments and industries is lying with the estate officer of UT administration, and taking the entire data from them is a big exercise and would take time. After taking the record, wea??ll hire a technical consultant.Joint municipal commissioner Rajiv Kumar Gupta said, a??The process has been started. But it is a huge exercise, as digitalization of each property record would take time. Besides technical work, the exercise would involve a lot of manual work too. But in the coming months people will be able to file their property tax online.a??", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706376", "title": "Parents protest against 'unsafe' building", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 100 parents staged protest outside Delhi Public School, Eldeco branch, on Saturday against the poor state of the school building. These parents who have been protesting for a month now, have finally decided not to send their children to school till the school authorities take a concrete step to ensure their safety.The parents met the school's pro vice-chairman, Mukhtarul Amin, and requested him to immediately intervene in the matter. According to the parents, basement of the school's block II, where primary section is situated, got damaged due to excessive rain making the entire structure vulnerable.Parents alleged that there was water seepage in the basement from below the floor that damaged a part of the basement and also affected the foundation of the building. Parents said that they had tried to talk to school authorities, but have not got any response. \"After we raised our voice, the school authorities shifted the students to another block which was in a better condition and for a proper action, they asked us to wait till October 1, when everything would settled. But when our children went to school on October 1, they were again shifted to the old building even without informing the parents,\" alleged a parent. The next day, all parents gathered outside the school to protest the school's decision.\"To save themselves from trouble, the school was shut on October 4 and October 5. School authorities tried to pacify us saying that on October 6, the school's vice-chairman will come, listen to our problems and sort it out,\" said another parent, adding that when parents mounted pressure on the school, they asked us to get their wards out of the schools.Endorsing his views, another parent said the school had declared closure for primary school on Monday also. \"They have said that the final decision will be taken on Monday,\" he said. Parents also alleged that the school building is not approved by any government body and is unsafe.Talking to TOI, pro-vice chairman, DPS, Mukhtarul Amin said, \"The report has come and the school building has been declared structurally safe. There was a problem due to the excessive rain, which has been repaired. There are no cracks in the building. We aim at providing proper security to our children and staff and for which we are always ready.\"The inspection was carried out by a team of civil engineers belonging to Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI), Kanpur and VAM Consulting Engineers and Architects Ltd, Kanpur.The report said that there was a localised upheaval of concrete floor of basement due to excessive rain of filled up soil between the block II and the new building which is under construction. The saturated sandy soil led to building of hydrostatic up-thrust under the nearest panel of the basement floor. For safety measures, a concrete slab has been laid with new flooring in the basement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706266", "title": "Web terror under Punjab police scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After it has emerged that Punjab police had specific inputs on Lt Gen KS Brar's movements in London being watched by radical elements, cyberspace, where pro-Khalistanis are waging a virtual war, has come under the scanner of cops. There are close to 100 websites and more than 200 pages on Facebook dedicated to keeping the movement of a Sikh homeland alive.Sources in Punjab police confirmed that Sikh Federation (UK) had in July this year posted online an alert, identifying Brar and tracking his movements in London. \"KS Brar has been seen in London near 9 Portman Square. He has entered a bank and confirmed his ID,\" was the alert.With a huge Sikh Diaspora, with more than three crore Punjabis believed to be settled abroad, the online vicious campaign against the country and in favour of Khalistan, has the intelligence worried. \"The attempt is to mislead the second and third generation, who know nothing about ground reality, into believing that Sikhs are being wronged. Those who left the country at the peak of militancy are now in their late twenties and early thirties and terrorists need youngsters,\" said SK Sharma, additional director general of police, law and order, Punjab.Police are keeping a tab on a website that refers to the Operation Blue Star, launched by Indian Army to flush out dreaded terrorists holed up in Golden Temple, as 'genocide'. There is even a map of Khalistan available online that shows the boundaries of an illusionary Sikh homeland. Then there are several sites profusely eulogizing dreaded terrorists like Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale, as 'martyrs' and seeking revenge for their killing.There are more than 200 pages on Facebook which are updated every day and share pictures of \"conventions of Sikh freedom\" being held in gurdwaras in Canada, UK and Germany. Invitations to the 'delegates', free cost of travel and stay are being arranged through Facebook as well.For the youngsters, there are portals offering to download peppy Khalistani patriotic songs. These songs, composed and released in countries like Canada, Germany and England are calling upon the youth to fulfil the Khalistani dream while they sing tales of the slain 'heroes'. Another popular website is hosted by a UK charity organization collecting funds to support Sikhs in Indian jails on terrorism-related charges.\"All of these sites have origins in foreign countries. We are sending inputs to the RAW and central intelligence agencies so that the IP addresses of the websites can be traced along with those uploading content on it. The credentials of the members of the outfit are now being looked into besides keeping a tab on their activities,\" said S K Sharma. Intelligence officials added that terrorist groups actively monitor discussion forums on web portals for potential volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710020", "title": "No bikini scenes in Himmatwala: Tamannaah", "text": "When we talk about hot heroines, the immediate thing that strikes many youths is the bikini look of such hot babes. Recently when one such question is posed to milky beauty Tamannaah, she gave a smiling answer for that.According to buzz in film circles, Tamanna is said to be shedding much more skin for her Bollywood film 'Himmatwala'. She is said to be donning a bikini for that movie, a first time in her career. However the milky siren condemned that news and asked a stunning question. 'What do I have to prove it in Bikini?' asked Tamanna, saying 'There is nothing like a bikini in Himmatwala'. Did she mean that she has shown everything already and there is nothing new for her to show it too audience? Off course, watching Tamannaah in Rebel will fill our stomachs with maximum food and there is nothing she can offer than it.With 'Rebel' unleashing the perfect seductive look of Tamanna, the expectations about her skin show to rose high and that is the reason for this bikini talk, it seems.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16706471", "title": "US waives riders for Pak aid", "text": "WASHINGTON: As it has happened in the past, Pakistan has been spared the rod by the United States for its international transgressions \u2014 this time for its continued patronage of terrorism in the region \u2014 in the interest of what Washington believes is American national security.The US state department had last month waived legal requirements that made its nearly $2 billion annual aid to Pakistan contingent on its cooperation in counter-terrorism , ending nuclear proliferation and building democratic institutions, a Congressional Research Service report has revealed.Secretary of state Hillary Clinton is said to have informed Congress that she is setting aside legal restrictions that would have blocked the $2 billion aid. Disbursingthefundsis\"important to the national security interests of the US\" , she said. The waiver is evidently linked to securing Pakistan's cooperation in the upcoming US withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2014 and preventing all all-out civil war in the country once the US leaves. A blunt way of putting it would be the US is trying to buy peace in the region on its way out while Pakistan is blackmailing Washington with its ability to create trouble in Afghanistan.This is not the first time Washington has struck a 'Faustian bargain' with Islamabad . Towards the end of the Cold War, the US winked at Pakistan's illicit pursuit of nuclear weapons as part of its effort to evict the former Soviet Union from Afghanistan, lavishing billions of dollars in military assistance. It was only after the Soviets had withdrawn that the US invoked the Pressler Amendment to impose sanctions, but by then Pakistan had gone nuclear.Clinton, in her September 13 message to Congress, said she is waiving provisions of the 2009 Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act (EPPA ) and the state department's 2012 budget requiring that she certify that Islamabad has met certain conditions before the $2 billion in economic, military and counter-terrorism assistance can be disbursed.The conditions require Islamabad to have made progress in \"ceasing support, including by any elements within the Pakistani military or its intelligence agency, to extremist groups\" , especially those that have attacked USled forces in Afghanistan. Islamabad is also required to make progress in stopping its extremists from operating in Pakistan, staging attacks in neighbouring countries, and shutting down terrorist bases in the country.One way of looking at the development is that Clinton has implicitly charged Pakistan with continuing its dalliance with terrorism. She had previously certified Pakistani compliance even though the clean chit was privately challenged by many in her own administration who believe that Pakistan has not given up on its use of terror groups to achieve its goals.But despite the mistrust, both governments appear to be striving to bring ties back on the rails, at least on the civilian side, even as Pakistan's military establishment is reaches out to Moscow.On Friday, Washington hosted a meeting of the Law Enforcement and Counterterrorism Working Group aimed at disrupting illicit networks in Pakistan that supply the components and financing for improvised explosive devices (IEDs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704894", "title": "Smoke in cargo hold forces flight to return in 8 minutes", "text": "CHENNAI: A Kolkata-bound Indigo flight carrying 161 passengers made an emergency landing at Chennai airport on Saturday morning, minutes after take-off, after smoke was noticed in the cargo compartment.Minutes after the aircraft took off at 8.10am, an alarm was sounded and, Chennai Air Traffic Control Room received a message from the pilot about an alarm in the cockpit. He identified it as due to smoke in the cargo compartment. \"He sought permission to divert the flight back and landed safely,\" said an ATC official. A senior airport official said the flight returned to the airport eight minutes after take-off.\"The emergency warning created panic among the passengers. All of them deplaned immediately after the aircraft landed on the main runway,\" said the official.The passengers were sent in another flight at 11am. \"The risk of fire in a cargo compartment is very low considering the number of cases over the years. Also there are systems to deal with in-flight fires, including smoke-detection systems and fire-suppression systems,\" said a senior airport engineer.\"While freighter aircraft have an oxygen deprivation system to control the risk of fires in the cargo compartment, passenger flights have effective smoke detectors that immediately alert the cockpit of in-flight fires,\" the engineer added.The reason for the smoke in the plane on Saturday, officials said, was due to a minor short circuit in the cables connecting the engine. The airline spokesman was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705646", "title": "Neutrino Project discussion on Oct 13 in Kochi", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The scientific fraternity in the state will brainstorm on the proposed Rs 1500-crore India-based Neutrino Project (INO) in Kochi on October 13. The theme of the event, organized by the Breakthrough Science Society, is 'Neutrino observatory \u2014 Unfounded apprehensions'.Panel member and former vice-chancellor of Cochin University of Science and Technology K Babu Joseph said the project should be transparent with proper studies conducted on possible ecological threats.Associate professor of Physics department at the St Thomas College, Kozhencherry and panel member Dr Moncy V John said using collimated beam of neutrinos for neutralizing nuclear armaments has been widely discussed.\"If this is realized, such a beam can be an intercontinental weapon for military use.\"Girija Vallabhan, a physics professor in Cusat opined that though the INO project would have scientific collaborations with US-based Fermilab, but it would be an independent scientific pursuit to unravel the mysteries of neutrinos and its underground flux may not be so high to cause any damage to the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708116", "title": "A Swiss culinary experience for city expats", "text": "The expats in the city are a happy community, what with all kinds of events to entertain them every week. Recently, they were treated to a Swiss culinary experience organized at the Movenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore.The affair hosted by the Swiss Consulate General Rolf Frei was called the Suisse Ball and had special Swiss beverages and interesting canapes doing the rounds.Walter Wyssen, the executive chef of the hotel, had flown in some select ingredients to create the perfect dinner spread for the expats. As the guests enjoyed the meal, they spent a chilled out evening bonding with each other and catching up on all the news in the city. We spotted Chetan, Shruti, Abhijit and Mitali having a blast at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16706424", "title": "Poachers kill hares, flee", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Three poachers who were hunting hares in the reserve forests along Sivaganga- Ramanathapuram district borders fled the spot after they were spotted by forest department staff on Saturday morning.The poachers flung six black naped hares, a schedule IV species, that they hunted along a riverside and fled away in a motorcycle. Forest staff said they managed to note the registration number of the two-wheeler and have launched a search for them. The hares were hunted to be sold to eateries, suspect forest officials.\"We got a tip-off that three men were involved in hunting hares in the forests near Parthibanor village along the Sivaganga-Ramanathapuram border in the morning. But as we neared the place, the trio spotted us and started speeding in their motorcycle along with their catch. But after a point, they flung the hunted hares and fled,\" said a forest department official. The officials seized the hares, performed post-mortem and buried them. \"The hares were skinned and appeared ready for sale,\" said the official.Forest officials said though there was no large-scale poaching, a few villagers, mostly gypsies, were involved in hunting animals and birds. \"During our inquiry, we got information that a number of gypsies in the locality were involved in poaching. We also found that every Friday and Saturday, the meat of poached animals including hare and wild birds were being sent to Chennai in private buses,\" said the official.The officials said they were constantly cracking down on poachers. Even a fortnight back they had booked cases against suspected poachers, they said. The forest officials said they are sensitising villagers not to involve in poaching activities as well as inform forest staff if they came across poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704377", "title": "Illegal structures on Andheri ground razed", "text": "MUMBAI: Following pressure from residents of Oshiwara in Andheri (W), the civic body on Saturday demolished two structures being illegally constructed by a private educational trust on a plot\u2014marked as a playground\u2014leased out to it.Janta Education Society has been carrying out the illegal construction for the past five months and by the time, the civic team, along with police, went for demolition, one-third of the plot had already been encroached upon.Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) built a high-income group (HIG) colony in Oshiwara, with 15 buildings. In January 2002, the state government directed Mhada to allot 6,010 sq m of a plot to Janta Education Society, which was supposed to build an international school on 2,160 sq m and maintain the remaining 3,850 sq m as a playground; under the law, residents can have unrestricted access to the ground during non-school hours. Following the state's directive, Mhada finally leased out the plots to the trust in 2007 for 30 years.However, according to the rules, in and around a housing colony, any open space or playground is supposed to be handed over to the citizens and a plot marked for a school should be with the civic body. Accordingly, the Oshiwara Lokhandwala Residents Association (OLRA) has been asking Mhada to hand over the entire plot to them since 2001. \"The playground is meant to be used by the public, especially those staying in the neighbourhood. How can the authorities give it away for private use? Moreover, there are several international schools in the vicinity and so one more posh school is not required. On the demarcated plot, a civic school should be built so that those who cannot afford an expensive school can send their children there,\" said Sumesh Lekhi, a member of OLCA.Civic officials said in April 2010, the BMC issued commencement certificate to the trust following which it could start building on the school plot. But the trust started constructing on the playground as well. \"The permission for construction was given for the school plot. But the trust members started constructing on the ground. Under no condition can any construction be allowed on an open space,\" said Ramesh Pawar, assistant municipal commissioner, K-west ward.Once the violations came to light, the residents' association approached Mhada, which issued a stop-work notice to the trust as well as the builder. In spite of receiving warnings against further irregularities, the trust apparently continued with the work on the playground. MNS leader Shailni Thackeray also took up the cudgels for the residents and joined in their fight against the builder and the trust. \"If a private school comes up here, not even a small car can enter the road; imagine the chaos it will create when schoolbuses start entering the stretch,\" said Rakesh Coelho, trustee of Tarapore Towers, one of the buildings in the area.The residents' association has filed a litigation in the high court, asking it to allow them access to the grou-nd; the petition is still pending. Kunal Dalal of the trust was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706736", "title": "3 Banaras Hindu University students suspended for violence", "text": "VARANASI: Three law students of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) were debarred from all privileges and activities of the university and its hostels with immediate effect on Saturday. The students had indulged in violence on the campus recently.According to the BHU spokesperson, the decision was taken at a meeting held by the vice chancellor. Considering the grave nature of the offence, it was decided to take strict action against the three students-Girijesh Kumar Mishra, Gyan Prakash Singh and Akshaya Sharma, all students of LLB first semester and inmates of Dr BD Hostel. The allotment of their hostel seats has been cancelled and they are also not allowed to enter the university campus without prior written permission from the registrar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16709974", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party yatra enters Bhavnagar district", "text": "RAJKOT: Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel, who has recently floated a new political party called 'Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP), on Sunday reached in Bhavnagar district for election campaign. Patel's Parivartan Yatra will reach out to different part of the district during the two day yatra in Bhavnagar district.Bhavnagar district is considered a stronghold of former Minister of state for home and close associate of Keshubhai Patel, Gordhan Zadaphia.The 83-year-old politician's yatra was launched from his stronghold Saurashtra. It will cover all the assembly seats in five phases. The first phase, which began from Virpur, has covered Rajkot, Junagadh, Amreli and Jamnagar districts. Keshubhai Patel has criticized Modi's government over various issues and asked the people to oust him during the upcoming assembly polls. In fact, he said that Narendra Modi only makes announcements but nothing is being materialized so far.Patel has promised free power supply to farmers in villages to woo the rural folk during his yatra.GPP officials said that the third phase of GPP's yatra would begin from Gandhinagar and the fourth leg from Surat. The fifth and final phase would begin from Narmada and conclude in Ahmedabad on October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708439", "title": "Bigg Boss, a child's play for me: Sampat Pal", "text": "Now that it's final that she's going to be an inmate in Bigg Boss' house, Sampat Pal Devi, the cane-wielding chieftain of Banda-based Gulabi gang, is not in a mood to get cowed down the glamorous dolls and dandies of this world. Geared up to participate in Bigg Boss 6, the lady gets up, close and personal in a tete-a-tete with us.I'm not in awe of glamour  In the celebrity house, for the Colors' reality show, she will have to stay along with some haute and happening people of the glamour world. Ask her if she's daunted by the prospect, and Sampat Pal says, \"For 30 years, I have handled all kinds of people! So, Bigg Boss is a child's play for me! I'm not in awe of glamour and I'm not going there for money! I'm going there to speak about myself and tell the battered women's story to the world! Till now, newspapers have written a lot about me, but now I want the world to know the tales of our suffering and what all a woman can do after taking charge of her life!\"Message for Salman And is she looking forward to interacting with Salman Khan, the biggest star on Indian horizon, who's liked by millions? Not one to mince her words, Sampat Pal replies, \"When it comes to liking, people can even adore a dacoit for his exploits, so question of liking Salman doesn't apply in this case. But yes, I am going to interact with Salman Khan for sure, and will request him to make films where women are shown as powerful entities and not merely as weeping willows and doormats!\"Duniya hii jhooti hai!  But, won't a straightforward woman like her get perturbed, living amidst so many fake strangers, who are out to defeat others to win the booty in the reality show? \"Arre yeh duniya hii jhooti hai! And after suffering the cruelty of this world for so many years, I'm not afraid of anyone! I will live there in the Bigg Boss' house with ease. Nothing and nobody can deter me!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16705372", "title": "Water security plan being prepared for 26 panchayats", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kozhikode-based centre for water resources management and development (CWRDM) has started preparing the water security plan for 26 panchayats in the four districts of Malabar.The plan is included in the second phase of the Rs 1,022-crore World Bank-assisted Kerala state water supply and sanitation project, Jalanidhi.The rural drinking water and sanitation project envisages implementing community-based water supply projects for safe drinking water with the help of the respective local self-government bodies.The government is planning to implement the project in 200 villages in the state. Field study is being carried out simultaneously in the 26 panchayats in Kozhikode, Kannur, Malappuram and Palakkad districts. The survey is being conducted to prepare a geographic information system (GIS)-based mapping of the panchayats and a comprehensive water security plan.In Kozhikode, studies are being carried out in Kattippara, Maniyur, Kozhariyur and Edacheri panchayats. The plan will have details of the number of water resources in the panchayats, the potential water sites, the quality of water in identified resources, the amount of pollution, the techniques to improve water quality, a sustainability plan for recharging groundwater and the list of drought-hit areas.Around 25 experts in water quality and sanitation, artificial groundwater recharging techniques, GIS mapping and hydrology, and groundwater are involved in the work on the water security plan.\"We have a limited timeframe for the completion of the study which started last month. We will submit separate water security plans for all the 26 panchayats to the government before December end,\" said CWRDM scientist and project coordinator of the plan V P Dinesan.\"The Kerala state water supply and sanitation agency will prepare community water supply schemes on the basis of the report,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16705390", "title": "Loco pilot helps avert tragedy", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The timely intervention of the loco pilot of Parashuram Express saved many lives near Kuttippuram here on Saturday.The loco pilot noticed that the railway gate at Chembickal near Kuttippuram railway station was open as the train was coming close to it and managed to stop the train before it reached the vehicle crossing point. The train was coming from Shornur side.The gate had been opened after being closed for the passing of the Janasathabdi Express from Kozhikode side and there were vehicles on the track when the train from Shornur side was coming.The gatekeeper said he had not received signal to close the gate. The loco pilot of the Parashuram Express had also not received the signal from the gate.Railway has started inquiry into the incident. Senior section engineer of southern railway V K Puthur collected statements from the gateman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16704202", "title": "China Open: Novak Djokovic, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in title clash", "text": "BEIJING: Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga made his first final of the China Open, moving past the injured Spaniard Feliciano Lopez , nicknamed 'deliciano' for his good looks, 6-4, 4-1 when the 30-year-old retired from the semifinal encounter of the ATP 500 Series event with a painful left wrist.Tsonga, who lives in Gingins in Switzerland , said he was ready for the final, where he faces heavyweight Novak Djokovic .\"My level has gotten better and better with every match,\" he warned, \"I've played some of my best tennis here this week, I haven't played this well in a couple of years.I'm playing really good and that's why I think I can win the final tomorrow.\"In the final on Sunday, Tsonga faces-off against top-seeded Djokovic, who beat 29-year-old German Florian Mayer 6-1, 6-4 in a little under an hour.The world No.7 trails the 25-year-old Monte Carlo-based Serb 5-7 in head-to-head clashes, having lost all their three meetings this year, including a heart-breaking marathon at Roland Garros early in the summer.Earlier in the women's singles semifinals, world No.1 Victoria Azarenka beat Frenchwoman Marion Bartoli 6-4, 6-2.In the final, she will meet Russian Maria Sharapova , who put out China's Li Na 6-4, 6-0 in the other semifinal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706142", "title": "Spotlight on women &amp; law at University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the quasquicentennial celebration of the Allahabad University, the1st VV Chitaley memorial national law seminar 'Women and Law-a legal insight' was organised at the Senate hall of AU, on Saturday. Attended by large numbers of judges, academicians and experts from the field of law and eminent persons, the seminar was organised in collaboration with the AIR, Law Academy, Nagpur and AU.The two-day seminar aimed at a critically analysis to provide an insight with reference to laws and role of state and citizens in Indian women's struggle for emancipation. The seminar was inaugurated by chief guest Dr Justice B S Chauhan of the Supreme Court. Justice Chauhan highlighted problems faced by women in Rajasthan as also in various places in India and abroad. He visualised legal complications emerging out of technological advancements and value degradation in the global society.Likewise, in his speech, Shumant Chitaley, president of AIR, Law Academy, Nagpur, and MD of AIR, dwelt on the role of AIR in development of the society. He said, \"An educated society is a good society that helps develop into a good nation\". Throwing light on the theme of the seminar, he pointed out that on one hand women were conquering new heights at par with men, while on the other hand they were facing various social challenges hindering their development.Prof Rakesh Khanna gave an introduction to the seminar. Justice Ashok Bhushan, talked about liberation from superstition, prejudice and appealed to the state and other authorities to make efforts to eradicate illiteracy from the society. Prof A Lakshminath emphasised administration of justice and legal system and systematic law reporting. He remarked, \"Theory without practice is nothing and practice without theory is of no use.\" PP Rao presented daunting questions that reflected upon the general plight of women in India.Vice Chancellor AU Prof AK Singh emphasised a sustainable legal framework for management of problems faced by women and highlighted role of globalisation and techno-legal issues in the advancement of the status of women. tnnThe occasion was also graced by the presence of eminent dignitaries like Justice Ashok Bhushan of Allahabad High Court, Padma Bhushan PP Rao, senior advocate of Supreme Court, Prof A Lakshminath, Vice Chancellor, Chanakya, National Law University, Prof Rakesh Khanna, head of department of Law, AU, Prof BP Singh, professor in charge legal cell and coordinator, BA LLB (Hons) course, and other distinguished lawyers and guests. They were welcomed by Prof LM Singh, Dean, Faculty of Law. Prof BP Singh extended a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704798", "title": "BJP seeks independent probe into allegations against Vadra", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan laid allegations of undue favours by DLF to Robert Vadra, the BJP on Saturday demanded a fair and independent probe into the charges.Addressing the party's nation-level media cell workshop, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad claimed that the present Congress-led UPA was the most corrupt government of the country, post independence. \"Everybody expects that the charges against Vadra, who is connected to the first family of the Congress, be investigated. The claims that Vadra acquired land in prime localities at dirt cheap rates in Delhi and Congress-ruled state like Haryana and Rajasthan need to be probed,'' he said.Prasad said that the allegations that Vadra had bought property - flats, bunglows and land - worth crores using an unsecured interest free-loan, was yet another scam of the UPA. \"Why did the DLF favour someone who is connected to the Gandhi family and why not a commoner?'' he asked.He claimed that the alarming rate at which scams were being unearthed one after the other has shamed the country. Taking a dig at the UPA, he said that the government had spared nothing. \"The 2G spectrum was related to the sky, commonwealth scam to the ground and coal is underground. UPA has spared just nothing,'' he said. He further said that a number of 'G's were being added to the list. \"2G, CWG, Coalgate and hence CoalG and now, 'damadji','' he said. He termed the recent corruption scams as 'a shameful saga of the UPA' and also raised the issue of privatisation of airports. \"In Delhi, 4,608 acres of land in prime area has been handed over on lease at the rate of Rs 100 per year and when the private developers demanded 190 acres of more land, it was given away at a mere Rs 6.19 crores. Who is responsible for this?'' he asked.Being a part of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC), Prasad raised a query as to why the JPC was not given the right to question PM Manmohan Singh. \"I no longer want to be part of the JPC but why can't the JPC question the PM over the corruption issues,'' he asked. He said that when A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran had resigned after the CBI took over the investigations in the 2G scam , it is the moral responsibility of the PM to resign over Coalgate. \"He holds the portfolio, he must resign,'' he said.Replying to queries with regard to Gujarat chief minister's charges on expenses on Sonia Gandhi's trips abroad since 2004, he said, \"We are not talking about her medical bills or treatment cost; only her foreign trips. The Congress and the PMO have shied away from commenting on that.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706080", "title": "Allahabad-Chunar passenger extended upto Varanasi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of the grand mela which would be organised in Vindhyachal during Navaratra, North Central Railway has decided to provide stoppages to trains at Vindhyachal station. In addition to this, Allahabad-Chunar passenger has been extended upto Varanasi.Some of the regular trains would halt at the stations of Vindhyachal from October 15 to 25.The trains that would halt at this station include train number 12401/12402 Islampur- New Delhi Magadh Express, train number 12801/12802 Puri-New Delhi Puroshattam Express, train number 12141/12142 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Patna Superfast Express, train number 13307/13308 Howrah-Jodhpur Express and train number 12487/12488 Anand Vihar terminal-Jogbani Express. These trains halt at this station for about two minutes.In addition to this, train number 14055/14056 Dibrugarh-Delhi Brahmaputra Mail, train number 12295/12296 Bangalore-Patna Sanghamitra Express, train number 12167/12168 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Varanasi Express, train number 12335/12336 Bhagalpur-Lokmanya Tilak, train number 15645/15646 Lokmanya Tilak terminus-Guwahati Express and train number 02393/02394 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal Special train would halt at the Vindhyachal station for about 2 minutes.In addition to this, passenger train 54103/54104 Allahabad-Chunar has been extended upto Varanasi. This train will depart from Chunar at 9:55 pm and arrive at Kailhut at 10:06 pm, Ahrora Road at 10:20 pm, Jivnathpur at 10:35 pm, Kashi at 11:15 pm and finally terminate at Varanasi at 11:30 pm. During the return journey , the train will depart from Varanasi at 3:45 pm and arrive at Kashi at 3:55 am, Jivnathpur at 4:40 am, Ahrora Road at 4:50 am, Kailhut at 5:00 am reach Chunar at 5:15 am. This train will then proceed to Allahabad according to the required schedule. About two general coaches would also be attached to this train.In addition to this, two general coaches would be augmented in Allahabad- Mughalsarai passenger from October 15 to 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709672", "title": "Sharmila Mandre to make her Tollywood debut", "text": "Kannada actress Sharmila Mandre, who made her acting debut in Sajni opposite Dhyan, is all set to make her Tollywood debut. The beautiful actress will romance Allari Naresh in a comic- caper titled Kevvu Keka, to be directed by Devi Prasad.Sources say that Devi Prasad, who earlier directed Allari Naresh's Blade Babji, has signed Sharmila for this entertainer. And Boppanna Chandrasekhar, who earlier produced \"Kulu Manali\", is bringing back this combination under Jhanavi Productions. Kevvu Keka is expected to go on floors shortly after Allari Naresh returns from Switzerland .The title 'Kevvu Keka', was taken a popular number from Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh and adds to the growing list of Allari Naresh's films boasting funny and interesting titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709565", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan was born to be famous", "text": "Numerologist predicts that being ruled by Number 6, Amitabh Bachchan was born to be 'famous'.In the words of super star Rajnikant himself, \"If I am considered 'The King' of Indian cinema, Mr. Amitabh Bachchan is 'The Emperor' !\". Can anybody defy this fact ?Astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what's in store for the actor par excellence -Amitabh Bachchan fondly known as 'Amitji' or the 'Big B' on the eve of his 70th birthday:\"AB Sr. was born on October 11, 1942 which makes him a Number 2 (Moon) person in numerology. Being ruled by Number 2, he is automatically ruled by Number 7 (Ketu) as well since Numbers 2 and 7 always go hand in hand. Like all Librans, he is also ruled by Number 6 (Venus). Since his destiny number adds up to Number 1, he is also ruled by the most powerful star in the galaxy - the Sun\", explains Bhavikk.He continues \"Being Number 2, Amitji can be the softest and most gullible person one can come across. His persona may come across as huge, but for those who know him well would vouch for the fact that he is a 'child' by heart and way too easy to impress. That is one of the reasons why he trusts people so easily, which is actually not a good thing for him though. Being ruled by Number 6, he was born to be 'famous'. Lastly being ruled by Number of 1 of Sun, he is what he is - the 'numero uno' star. People who are ruled by Numbers 1, 2, 6 or 7 are most successful in creative fields. Talking of that, Mr.Bachchan is ruled primarily by these four numbers. So yes, besides his hardwork, honesty and dedication towards his craft, his 'luck' has also played a major part in contributing to his super success\".\"Mr.Bachchan will now enter his 71st year which once again focuses on his health and indicates complications especially with his liver and stomach related issues\" predicts Bhavikk on a serious note. \"But since the year 2013 which adds up to Number 6 (Venus) is one of his strongest numbers, he will come out safely\".\"On the film front, the long delayed ' Shoebite ' will fail to attract the audience and even his role in the Hollywood film ' The Great Gatsby ' will be questioned due to its short length\", states Bhavikk.\"All in all, a roller coaster ride for the legendary actor in the days to come\" signs off Bhavikk on a somber mood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16704747", "title": "Dadri foot over bridge to open by Diwali", "text": "NOIDA: Former chief minister Mayawati's dream project, the Dalit Prerna Sthal, is still under wraps but the underconstruction foot over bridge (FOB) that will connect Film City to the locked-up park will be opened for the public by Diwali, said officials.The construction of the FOB was sanctioned at a cost of Rs 5 crore a few months after Mayawati inaugurated the Rs 685-crore park on October 24, 2011.TOI had previously reported that the construction work for this FOB began even though there were at least 10 other locations in Noida where the construction of an FOB was urgent.Officials said the work on the FOB on Dadri Road, connecting the park with sector 16A Noida was almost over. \"The Noida Authority had asked us to divert the traffic during the night 10 days ago and the main beam connecting the two sides of the FOB is now in place,\" said Dharmender Kumar, traffic inspector, Noida.The FOB on the Dadri road was intended to cater to those who wanted to visit Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Gardens. But according to Gautam Budh Nagar traffic police officials, the area sees little pedestrian activity since there are no residential areas on either side of the road, neither are there any bus stops. \"The FOB was made for tourists coming to the park. But if the park is not opened, it will serve little or no purpose,\" admitted a senior official of the Noida Authority.The park was closed the day after it was inaugurated by the Authority which claimed that some work needed to be completed in the park. It has been shut ever since SP came to power. \"The park is a touchy topic for the ruling Samajwadi Party . Neither can they allow any harm to come to the park and they are also fearful of opening a park to the public which houses statues of the main opposition leader in the state,\" said an official.According to sources there is a dedicated team of 180 employees who take care of the park and there is also a dedicated team of security personnel who are present at the park to make sure that no one gets in and vandalizes the statues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16706155", "title": "Allegations against Bombay Hospital: Four-member panel to conduct probe", "text": "INDORE: A four-member committee has been constituted to look into the allegations about Bombay Hospital's refusal for first aid to doctor N K Gupta who was rushed to the hospital with stab wounds on October 4. The doctor died later.The decision to constitute a committee was taken after a delegation of students of the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College met him and submitted a memorandum demanding action on the hospital. The students had also staged a protest.Chief medical and health officer Dr Ashok Dagaria on Saturday constituted a committee comprising Dr G L Sodhi and will include Dr R C Mudgal, Dr S K Trivedi and Dr M P Sharma. Dr Sodhi will chair the committee.Gupta was stabbed by three persons at his Ramkrishna Bagh colony clinic and his son Kuldeep, an MBBS student of the college, was also seriously injured. The hospital is the closest medical facility to his clinic. The hospital authorities had reportedly asked to inform Patel Nagar police about the injury before going ahead with medical aid. Later, Gupta succumbed to his injuries.\"In violation of court instructions to medical institutes to provide first aid to patients even in medico-legal cases, Bombay Hospital refused first aid leading to Dr Gupta's death,\" said president of the students' union of the college, Sara Raghuvanshi.The students also met IGP Anuradha Shankar seeking action against the three criminals who stabbed the doctor. They will take out a candle light march in front of the Bombay Hospital to further register their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16705854", "title": "Mysore Palace will be closed on Vijayadashami", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Palace will open for only a few hours on some days due to puja. Mysore Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya said special poojas will be conducted inside the palace as part of Dasara.Accordingly, the palace will remain open between 1pm and 5pm on October 10 and 23 and November 9. The palace will be closed on Vijayadashami (October 24).From October 16 to October 23, the palace will be illuminated from 7pm to 9pm, while it will be from 7pm to 10pm on October 24, he added. Usually, the palace is illuminated every Sunday and government holidays for 45 minutes. Yuva Sambhrama.Dasara Yuva Sambhrama will be held for six days from October 17 at Manasagangothri open theatre, University of Mysore. College students from across different districts will present various dance forms like pooja kunitha, tribal, folk dance, kolata, traditional and western.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704493", "title": "South Delhi Municipal Corporation mulls policy to regulate spas, gyms", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the last few years, the city has witnessed an exponential increase in the number of wellness centres, especially spas and gyms, and beauty parlours. To ensure that quality service is offered to customers, South Delhi Municipal Corporation is working on a policy to regulate these centres. Not only will the policy help monitor hygiene standards at these centres, it will also boost the corporation's revenue.\"As we don't issue licences to parlours, gyms and spas, we are not entitled to inspect their premises. These places need to maintain high standards of hygiene as chances of spread of infections and diseases like Hepatitis B and C are very high here,\" said Dr NK Yadav, medical health officer, South corporation.Officials say that the policy will have specific guidelines for different categories of wellness centres. Once the policy is approved, the civic agency will issue licences to centres which follow the guidelines. At present, the health department of the civic agency issues licences to guesthouses, eateries and kiosks. \"We can take action against these places if they don't adhere to our rules. This policy will help us regulate wellness centres too,\" said Dr Yadav.The decision to formulate such a policy was taken at a recent meeting of South corporation's health committee. Officials say that the plan will be ready in a month and will be soon tabled before the House.With more and more people availing the services of wellness centres, officials say, there is a need to standardize the quality of service.\"Bacterial infections can easily be transferred from one person to the other if proper hygiene standards are not maintained. Often, metal equipment are not sterilized properly,\" said a health official of the South corporation.Apart from hygiene, the policy will also focus on the health of the staff employed by the wellness centres. \"It is important that the staff is medically fit. We may ask the centres to get their employees tested. But we are yet to finalize the policy,\" said an official.Once approved, the policy is also expected to fill the corporation's coffers.\"At present, we don't have an idea about the number of wellness centres in the city. Once this policy comes into effect, it will be mandatory for them to obtain a licence from the corporation. Though the licence fee will be nominal, it will boost our revenue,\" said Dr Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706179", "title": "Fashion show leaves audience mesmerised on concluding day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The last day of \"Effervescence-2012\" witnessed the ultimate package of entertainment Ala Mode, a charismatic glitz of the glamour world where hunks and divas cast in the most captivating outfits at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad(IIIT-A) were present on Friday.Fashion show left the audience mesmerised to the exquisiteness of the night with teams from SHIATS, IERT College of Engineering, MONIRBA and others. The much awaited Rock Night came with few of the best Bands swarming all over the night enticing each and every soul present there.Meanwhile, majority of the Effervescence events ended witnessing good participation from enthusiasts all over the nation. Technofault, the circuit troubleshooting challenge concluded with Tushar &amp; Siddharth as winners along with Shishupal &amp; Bhagat as runner-ups among over 30 teams that participated. Ranneeti, the management event ended witnessing a total of 70 participants, out of which 10 qualified for the second round. The winning team comprised of members Astha Joshi and Vidhi Sharma while Priya Arora and Stutty Srivastava made the runner-up team. Both the teams were from the Monirba Institute.Bindaas Bol was successfully organised in which 20 teams participated among which MNNIT,Allahabad won the first prize while IIIT Allahabad and SHIATS bagged the second and third prize respectively. Manish from IIIT Allahabad was declared as the best actor of the event.Psychedelia, the musical extravaganza left the audiences spellbound by the solo, Karaoke and band performances. The event was a delight to watch and a great success. Ad Mania ,an online advertising and marketing event, was successfully organised in IIIT Allahabad in which a large number of teams participated from various colleges across the country Amit, Shubham and Anshuman from IIIT Gwalior emerged as winners while Avnish Kumar and Nishant Mittal from IP University, Delhi were the runners up.EC Marathon was conducted at electronics lab of IIIT-A with huge participation of over 25 teams. Mohd. Sadique Khan &amp; Ragini Upadhay of IIIT Allahabad proved to be the best . Trash Talk, an informal event concluded with Awantika Diwedi, BBD Lucknow as winner along with Harsh Pahuja, Amity University Lucknow as runner-up among a good number of participants. The ultimate soccer mania was witnessed when the robots of five participating teams clashed amongst in the event, penalty shootout.Pranjal Pande, Nikhil Suri, Anurag Pandey of HBTI, Kanpur emerged as winners. The second position was shared by BBD, Lucknow and SRMS-CET, Bareilly. Final round of Roadies was completed with enthusiastic participation with Parikshit of BBDU Lucknow as Mr Roadies and Shivani of Shiats as Miss Roadies.Amidst days full of fun, frolic and frenzy, Effervescence concluded with the numerous thrilling events that attracted loads of people from all over the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16706372", "title": "Air India Express to introduce 27 additional flights to Gulf", "text": "KOCHI: The number of Air India Express (AIE) flights from the three airports in Kerala and from Mangalore to the Gulf countries will go up from 92 per week to 119 from October 29. This addition of 27 flights per week, as part of the winter schedule of the budget carrier, would mean a rise of about 3,800 seats in the Gulf sector from October end to almost March end.According to AIE officials, it is for the first time that the airline is deploying so many services from the cities of Kerala and Mangalore to the Gulf countries after the launch of its low budget carrier in 2005.The aviation industry circles estimate that this massive increase would slash the fares in AIE and other airlines. A spokesman for AIE said these additions were possible mainly by jacking up the productivity of the 21 aircrafts that the airline possesses.\"We have not cut flights in any other sectors,\" he said. The productivity per aircraft, which hovers around seven hours per 24 hours, will now shoot up to 10.5 hours. The arrival of more pilots from Air India to AIE on deputation was a major factor that helped enhance productivity. \"We want to increase the productivity so that each aircraft can be utilized for more than 12 hours per day. Along with this, the airline will take steps to augment the schedule integrity,\" he said.A highlight of the winter schedule is that, it will ensure daily services to major Gulf cities from all the three airports of Kerala as well as from Mangalore. Currently there are only three or four flights a week to these cities. Introduction of daily services will provide a comfort zone to the Gulf passengers from the state, as they can be sure of catching a flight any day,'' the spokesman said.For instance there will be daily flights from Kochi to Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Bahrain , Doha and Sharjah and thrice a week flight to Muscat.Passengers from Kochi will be offered convenient connections to Dammam via Kozhikode daily, and to Kuwait three times a week. The boarding cards for both these destinations will be issued in Kochi and the baggage willbe tagged to the ultimate destination.There will be daily flights from Kozhikode to Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Bahrain, Doha, Dammam and Muscat . Salalah flight from Kozhikode will be twice a week, while Kuwait flight will be thrice a week. There will be a weekly service to the city of Al-Ain from Kozhikode.The new schedule will offer daily flights from Thiruvananthapuram to Abu Dhabi and Dubai daily, thrice a week flights to Muscat, four times a week service to Sharjah and twice weekly flight to Salalah.The schedule offers new flights from Mangalore which is also being used by large number of Gulf migrants from north Kerala. Air India Express will be flying twice a day flights to Dubai, thrice a week service to Muscat, Abu Dhabi and twice weekly to Doha and Bahrain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705758", "title": "Cops participate in court craft workshop", "text": "NASHIK: Over 50 police officials from the city and Nashik Range participated in a day-long workshop organized at the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University at Gangapur on Saturday.The workshop on court craft, aimed at enhancing the conviction rate in the state, covered topics right from collecting information in cognizable offences to filing a chargesheet in the court.Those who guided the police officials included commisioner of police, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, inspector general (special) Nashik Range Dhananjay Kamlakar, public prosecutor Ajay Misar, Farooq Shaikh and Bipin Shingada.Misar said that the workshop was an interactive one with the participating officials shedding light on the practical difficulties faced by them during investigations.The officers were also acquainted with the important ingredients in the Indian evidence Act and the way in which court trails and cross examinations are faced.All DCPs and ACPs were present at the workshop. ACP Avinash Ambure was the coordinator of the workshop.The court craft workshops are being held under the director of the director general of police of the state in a bid to improve the conviction rate given that the conviction rate in Maharashtra was below 9% whereas states like Kerala had 57.1%, Rajasthan 60%, Tamil Nadu 62% and New Delhi 58%.More such workshops will be held in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704200", "title": "HMDA to crack whip on illegal constructions", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has decided to serve notices to property owners who had taken up illegal constructions in layouts in its jurisdiction.HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad held a meeting with joint collectors and panchayat officials of Rangareddy and Medak districts along with planning officials on Saturday. He reviewed issues related to regularisation of unauthorised engineering colleges and illegal construction in various layouts with the officials.The commissioner directed the officials to issue notices to builders/owners of unauthorised structures under the provision of section 13(4) of the AP Urban Areas (Development) Act 1975 and HMDA Act 2008 which says 'no land development within the development areas shall be undertaken or carried out by any person or body, including government department, unless permission for such development has been obtained in written'.He asked the planning officials to make time-bound plans to clear pending LRS and BPS applications apart from petitions of engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16711281", "title": "Time-table for special PMPML buses announced", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited, the city bus public transport company, has released the time-table for the women's and students bus specials.On the Katraj-Shivajinagar bus route, the first bus will leave from Katraj at 7 am. The subsequent buses will leave from Katraj at 7.45 am, 8.40 am, 9.25 am, 10.20 am, 11.35 am, 12.30 noon, and 1.15 pm. From Shivajinagar, the buses will leave at 7.50 am, 8.35 am, 9.30 am, 10.15 am, 11.10 am 12.25 pm, 1.20 pm and 2.05 pm.On the Swargate-Hadapsar route, the first bus will leave at 6.25 am. More buses will leave at 7 am, 7.25 am, 8.10 am, 8.45 am, 9.20 am, 9.55 am, 10.30 am, 11.05 am and 12.10 pm, 12.45 pm, and 1.20 pm. The first bus on the Swargate-Dhayari route will leave at 7 am. From Dhayari the bus will leave at 7.35 am.Earlier, last week, PMPML inaugurated its special bus services for women and students. For the first time, PMPML has recruited women conductors who will issue tickets in the special buses. PMPML is planning to inaugurate these special buses on two new routes --from Nigdi to Pune Station and Nigdi to Swargate. The number of routes on which the buses will run will gradually be increased to 100.Earlier, in May 2008, the PMPML had started special bus services for women on three routes. These buses were discontinued due to poor response. Officials hope that the service this time will receive a good response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705883", "title": "Have a heart for poor offenders: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has frowned upon the sentencing system which forces poor petty offenders to remain in jail even after serving their sentence because of their inability to pay the fine imposed on them along with the period of imprisonment.\"Have a heart for poor petty offenders\" was the message sent out by a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi when it ruled on Friday that trial courts should use their discretion and not impose hefty fines as defaulting in payment of the fine entailed additional long period of incarceration.\"Where a substantial term of imprisonment is inflicted, an excessive fine should not be imposed except in exceptional cases,\" said Justice Sathasivam, who authored the judgment. The bench ruled that imprisonment for defaulting payment of fine was not a sentence. \"To put it clear, it is a penalty which a person incurs on account of non-payment of fine,\" it said.\"On the other hand, if sentence is imposed, undoubtedly, an offender must undergo unless it is modified or varied in part or whole in the judicial proceedings. However, the imprisonment ordered in default of payment of fine stands on a different footing,\" the bench said. Advising the trial courts not to impose \"harsh or excessive\" fines, the bench said, \"It is the duty of the court to keep in view the nature of the offence, circumstances in which it was committed, the position of the offender and the other relevant considerations such as pecuniary circumstances of the accused person as to character and magnitude of the offence before ordering the offender to suffer imprisonment in default of payment of fine.\"The court probably had in mind the pitiable condition of the poor prisoners who had no means to foot the fine and prefer to undergo the additional sentence specified for non-payment of the penalty.Over seven lakh under-trial prisoners facing charges in petty cases were released on personal bail bonds in two years from 2009 after then law minister Veerappa Moily worked hard to convince most of them were facing bailable offences but were not released because they had no means to furnish bail bond.In several cases, the under-trial prisoners had served a term which was the maximum sentence that could have been imposed if s/he were found guilty at the end of the trial. The bench relaxed the prison term in default of payment of fine in a case under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (Prohibition) Act, where two people in Gujarat were handed out 15-year imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704580", "title": "Special barriers, light masts to ensure safety at Metro sites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Safety measures feature high on the agenda of Delhi Metro as it starts construction for Phase III. For the first time, the Metro has chalked out an elaborate site safety plan for the two new corridors \u2014 Mukundpur to Shiv Vihar and Janakpuri (West) to Botanical Garden \u2014 as both are coming along Ring Road, a major arterial road in the capital.From plastic crash barriers topped with water to special light masts illuminating the 200m radius around a site, Delhi Metro will use the latest technology to safeguard the construction site as well as manage the traffic better. \"Since Phase II, new technologies have come up and we will employ these at the construction sites,\" said a senior official of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).For instance, at the first site implementing these measures \u2014 stretching from Dhaula Kuan to Brar Square \u2014 DMRC will barricade the area with rope lights. These are hollow plastic tubes that emit light when connected to an electrical source. \"The entire barricaded area will have rope lights, making it highly visible to commuters. Special light masts will also be placed on the ground near the radials on the road. These will throw light up to 200m ahead and will be especially helpful along roads where the traffic is converging,\" said the official.For the first time, DMRC will also set up a series of barriers along the construction site. Double rows of drums filled with water and sand, followed by the plastic crash barrier filled with water will provide a soft landing to any vehicle overshooting the barricades.\"A special purpose vehicle, which will look after the safety measures, will also be parked behind the crash barrier. It will provide another line of protection to labourers working in the site,\" added the Metro official. Such a vehicle is expected to be provided at every site along these two corridors to keep the safety measures updated during morning and non-peak hours. \"This is to ensure that reflective lightings, rope lights, signage and other safety measures don't get compromised during the day,\" said the official.According to Delhi Metro, the topography of the corridors calls for such an elaborate safety plan. Both lines parallel Ring Road, one of the most congested roads in the city. \"Both commercial and private vehicles ply on Ring Road, and the traffic volume is very high,\" said the DMRC official. Although the traffic volume to road capacity ratio is already 1.3 \u2014 at its capacity \u2014 here, Delhi Metro is hoping that construction won't hamper the traffic much.Reflective lighting will also be used within the site, besides blinkers and additional lighting and signage 200-250m ahead of the barricades.\"We are also educating the contractors on these safety measures so that the same level of preparedness is possible all along the corridor,\" said the Metro spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704574", "title": "Temp hovers at 35 C", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saturday was yet another warm day in the capital with the maximum temperature shooting up to 35.9 degrees Celsius - two notches below average. The Met department has forecast similar conditions for Sunday.While the minimum temperature settled two notches below average at %19.7 degrees Celsius, the humidity wavered between a high and low of 83 and% 24 per cent.The sky will remain clear Sunday and the maximum and minimum temperatures will hover around 35 and 21 degrees Celsius, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16711177", "title": "Ali Zafar, Nargis Fakhri spotted together in Bangkok", "text": "Pakistani turned actor Ali Zafar and Nagris Fakhri recently shot for a Pakistani mobile company TV commercial at Bangkok.This was for the first time, both the actors were seen sharing the screen together, but for a different purpose. Before leaving for Bangkok, we caught up with Ali Zafar in Delhi and he told us, \"I shall be leaving for Bangkok for a shooting along with actress Nagris Fakhri.\" But when we asked him for what, Ali just smiled and said, \"Well! wait and watch.\" And finally, we got to know it was not for any movie shoot but for a TV commercial that both were spotted shooting in Bangkok together.Ask whether he would be interested to act along with Nargis in any Bollywood movies and Ali replies, \"Why not, Nargis is a beautiful and talented actress and has done a great job in the movie Rockstar . It will be nice to work with her in a Bollywood movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16706160", "title": "Carrying cash? Remember to take documents along", "text": "SHIMLA: While moving out with cash of more than Rs 2.5 lakh, one needs to carry documents to show the source of money in Himachal Pradesh, failing which one is liable for action under the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961. With the enforcement of model code of conduct in the state for assembly polls, the Election Commission of India has started taking tough measures to keep an eye on the use of unaccounted money in elections by candidates and political parties.This time, the election commission has allowed a candidate to spend Rs 11 lakh on his campaign which has led to fear of unaccounted money being used for campaigns. Fresh instructions issued by the Election Commission of India has made it clear that any person carrying undisclosed cash would be kept under close surveillance and necessary action would be taken under the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961.Appreciating the intention of election commission, many feel that this would also result in harassment of farmers, who are returning home with the sale amount of apple crop. Founder-member and former vice-chairman of HP Fruit Growers' Association, Prakash Thakur from Kotgarh in Shimla district, felt that farmers returning home with cash following the sale of their crops in Delhi and other states would be harassed by cops now.\"Many farmers would not know about the fresh guidelines and till the settlement of final accounts, people generally do not bother to collect sale receipts. Majority prefer travelling in buses, hiding the cash, to save it from burglars. Now, when the cops would search them, they would get exposed to danger besides facing harassment,\" he said.\"If an agriculturist is carrying proceeds from sale of apples then he should carry documents like proof of agricultural land holding and sale receipt. Similarly, person carrying cash received from the sale of property should carry copy of agreement or registered deed,\" said chief electoral officer Narinder Chauhan.He said a businessman withdrawing cash from bank should produce bank statement. Any cash carried which was to be deposited in the bank should be accompanied by copy of cash book of the business concern, he added.Chauhan said that as per the directions of the Election Commission, Directorate of Investigation, Income Tax department would seize the cash as reported by static and mobile surveillance teams in the state if the same was not properly explained before the income tax authorities.Baddi Barotiwala Nalagarh Industries' Association president Arun Rawat said the EC move is good as it would help check unaccounted money. \"It would not have any impact on industries as majority of transactions are done through cheques while cash carried for distribution of salaries can easily be verified from the concerned banks,\" he said.The EC has made it clear that wherever large scale availability of cash was suspected or information received during the election process and the person concerned could not explain the possession of cash or other valuables to the satisfaction of the inquiring officers, the income tax department may search the office and residential premises of such person.According to election department officials, the income tax department would also keep a vigil on hotels and farm houses and collect daily information from management or owners regarding any suspicious movement of cash or gift. Officials said if complaints are received about availability of large amount of cash in a business premises or residence, necessary action would be taken with the help of police and executive magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16706138", "title": "Engineering diploma student alleges ragging", "text": "AMBALA: A student of diploma in engineering in a private polytechnic on Friday accused his seniors of ragging by disrobing him under the garb of introduction session in institute premises in Mullana township of Ambala.In his complaint lodged with Mullana police station, the victim, a student of Shivalik Polytechnic, also accused senior students, studying in final year of various branches of engineering, of thrashing him and making casteist remarks when he resisted their pressure on Friday.\"The seniors have forced me to take off pants four times in the recent past. I was forced to lodge the complaint as things went to extreme levels today,\" the victim said in his complaint.\"Fear of parents, who would have asked me to stay back at home, forced me to tolerate the wrongs by seniors for a long time,\", the victim told this reporter, while referring to reasons for delay in filing the complaint.When contacted, inspector Ranbir Singh, station house officer (SHO) of Mullana police station, confirmed receipt of the complaint. \"Currently, we are in Naraingarh for election duty in connection with Youth Congress elections. My colleagues have discussed the complaint with me. We have started investigations and appropriate action will follow,\" he said.Principal of the polytechnic, N K Puri, however expressed ignorance about the incident. \"We have not received any complaint from the victim or his family members so far. We observe zero tolerance towards incidents like ragging. Secondly, we are duty-bound to take action following court orders in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705433", "title": "Pesticide in veggies? Home remedies to help", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Agro-scientists working on reducing pesticide residue in vegetables and fruits have come up with simple home remedies for the same.It was following a study on the impact of pesticide residue on farm-produce - conducted by the pesticide research and analytical laboratory of the Kerala Agricultural University - finding that a cross-section of leafy vegetables and curry leaves had pesticides beyond permissible limits that the agro scientists of the university tried out various organic methods to remove pesticides.\"In our study, we found that tamarind water and vinegar were best suited to remove pesticides from vegetables,\" says Dr Thomas Biju Mathew, department of entomology, who conducted the tests along with a team of scientists. He says they used a majority of pesticides available in the market -- rated red (extreme), yellow (high) and blue (moderate) according to toxicity levels, for the tests.\"Tamarind water and vinegar were effective in removing the pesticide residue (up to 95%), especially in spinach, curry leaves, chillies, lady's finger, snake gourds and brinjals that were contaminated with heavy doses of pesticides.\"The vegetables need to be dipped in tamarind water (prepared using at least 20 mg of tamarind) for 15 minutes. The curry leaves and chillies should be washed thoroughly before cooking. \"Curry leaves and chilles can be dried, kept back in the fridge and used when needed. Bitter guords and beans need to be brushed with a soft bristle brush after dipping in tamarind water and washed once more,'' he says.The tests also revealed that basmati rice had higher traces of pesticide when compared to brown rice available in the state. \"The pesticide level in samples of rice decreased by 85% once they were washed and cooked.\" The Central Insecticides Board and Registration Committee had, in August, approved 240 pesticides for use in the country while banning 70. An earlier study by KAU had found that many vegetable samples -- mainly chilly (18 of 48 samples) and curry leaves (47 of 79 samples) -- had traces of pesticides that should not have been used on them.Thiruvananthapuram: Agro-scientists working on reducing pesticide residue in vegetables and fruits have come up with simple home remedies for the same.It was following a study on the impact of pesticide residue on farm-produce -- conducted by the pesticide research and analytical laboratory of the Kerala Agricultural University -- finding that a cross-section of leafy vegetables and curry leaves had pesticides beyond permissible limits that the agro scientists of the university tried out various organic methods to remove pesticides.\"In our study, we found that tamarind water and vinegar were best suited to remove pesticides from vegetables,\" says Dr Thomas Biju Mathew, department of entomology, who conducted the tests along with a team of scientists.He says they used a majority of pesticides available in the market -- rated red (extreme), yellow (high) and blue (moderate) according to toxicity levels, for the tests. \"Tamarind water and vinegar were effective in removing the pesticide residue (up to 95%), especially in spinach, curry leaves, chillies, lady's finger, snake guards and brinjals that were contaminated with heavy doses of pesticides.\"The vegetables need to be dipped in tamarind water (prepared using at least 20 mg of tamarind) for 15 minutes. The curry leaves and chillies should be washed thoroughly before cooking. \"Curry leaves and chilles can be dried, kept back in the fridge and used when needed. Bitter guard and beans need to be brushed with a soft bristle brush after dipping in tamarind water and washed once more,'' he says.The tests also revealed that basmati rice had higher traces of pesticide when compared to brown rice available in the state. \"The pesticide level in samples of rice decreased by 85% once they were washed and cooked.\"The Central Insecticides Board and Registration Committee had, in August, approved 240 pesticides for use in the country while banning 70. An earlier study by KAU had found that many vegetable samples -- mainly chilly (18 of 48 samples) and curry leaves (47 of 79 samples) -- had traces of pesticides that should not have been used on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16705370", "title": "Two major tourism projects in Malappuram take off", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Giving a major boost to the development of tourism in the district, works on two major tourism projects in the region began on Saturday. Tourism minister A P Anilkumar inaugurated the works on Adyanpara eco-hub project and Nutmeg Valley tourism project at Keralamkundu near Karuvarakkundu.The projects are being implemented as part of the eastern corridor tourism initiative, which intends to link forest areas of Thusharagiri to Perinthalmanna with the adjacent tourist spots thus giving leverage the tourism potential of the district by adding a tinge of greenery to the tourist itineraries. The project was announced when Anilkumar and forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar visted Nilambur last year to review the tourism development in the area.The estimated cost of development works at Adyanpara is Rs 50 lakh. The waterfalls is one of the major tourist attractions in Malabar. In the first phase, more infrastructure facilities, including resting places, eco-shops, walking area and gardens, would be set up in the region. The minister also announced an additional amount of Rs 25 lakh for setting up hand rails, steps and watch towers near the water falls. There were complaints that the safety measures in the water falls region was inadequate to prevent accidents in the spot.Considering the demand of P K Basheer MLA, who attended the function, the minister has also agreed to sanction an additional amount of Rs 50 lakh for the second phase of the development works in Adyanpara. Panchayat president Lisi Joseph, Nilambur municipality chairman Aryadan Shoukath, district panchayat members and block panchayat members also attended the inaugural function.The Nutmeg Valley tourism project is also expected to attract more tourists to the region. The Keralam Kundu waterfalls which is in the project area is situated near the Silent Valley buffer zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16709591", "title": "Defence Colony heist: Three more arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three more persons allegedly involved in the sensational Rs 5.25 crore heist in south Delhi last month have been arrested, taking the total number of arrests to ten in the case.The arrested have been identified as Vijay Nahar, Ranjit and Pawan. Nahar was arrested from Palwal while Ranjit and Pawan were apprehended from Usmapur.Around Rs 40 lakh was allegedly recovered from them. Earlier, police had allegedly recovered Rs 85 lakh from Nahar's relatives.Vijay, also a police informer, allegedly entered the world of crime in 1996 by stealing car stereos and later cars.Police have so far arrested ten persons, including three who carried out the heist in Defence Colony on September 28. Two more persons directly involved in the robbery are still on the run.Two youths, who were allegedly involved in the planning were also arrested besides two relatives of a suspected robber who helped them in hiding a portion of the money.The gang had waylaid the cash van, pinned down a security guard and shot him after he tried to snatch their weapons. They fled the spot in the cash van leaving behind the car in which they were following the vehicle. The guard later succumbed to bullet wound.It was a raid at the main accuse Har krishen's house in Khirki that helped police in its trail. The key of the looted cash van was recovered in his house. Harikrishen and his wife Rashmi were apprehended from Banda in UP on October three.The first to be arrested was Deepak Sharma, brother of Harikrishen, on September 29, a day after the heist.Police on September 29 managed to identify the house which was believed to have been used by the suspects. It belonged to Hari Krishan who had shifted recently and purchased it in his wife's name.Raids were conducted at this house and from there, police managed to recover the keys of the cash van, which was abandoned by the gang. Some other documents were also seized from the spot which indicated that the suspects had visited and stayed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16705976", "title": "Recce before suicide attempt", "text": "CUTTACK: Surya Narayan Das, who jumped into the lion enclosure at Nandankanan zoo on Friday, had pre-planned the suicide bid and made a dry run 10 days ago when he visited the zoo to ascertain the exact location from where it would be suitable to jump into the enclosure.Das said this on Saturday lying on the hospital bed at the SCB Medical College and Hospital here. He said for the past few days he was disturbed over the family dispute and had decided to end his life. \"I was depressed over family dispute and decided to kill myself by jumping into the lion's enclosure. I reached the Nandankanan zoo on Friday morning and purchased an entry ticket. I went near the lion's enclosure and entered inside it by climbing the iron barrier,\" said Das.Das said that he prayed to the lions to kill him. Nobody from his family had reached the hospital till filing of this report. Doctors said Das seems to be mentally disturbed. \"Doctors will operate on him shortly. The patient's condition is stable,\" said Dr B.N Moharana, emergency officer of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706158", "title": "DM inspects Alopibagh flyover", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For ensuring proper traffic during the Mahakumbh, district administration has intensified its efforts. In this connection, district magistrate Raj Shekhar inspected the newly built Alopibagh flyover on Saturday.He examined the road that has been constructed on the Alopibagh flyover. He instructed for laying one more additional layer so that the surface can be made smooth.He also instructed the executive engineer of the PWD to complete the work of construction of the road under the flyover till October 15. He also gave instructions for construction of a divider and also installation of sign boards for guidance of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709968", "title": "Salman Khan wants Big Boss new season to be `family friendly`", "text": "Salman Khan has revealed that he wants the new season of the Indian reality show 'Big Boss' to be a family friendly.The Indian version of 'Big Brother', which is famous for it's scandals and fights among the housemates, will attempt to shake off its core values in the new season.The Bollywood superstar and host of the reality show assured that this time the producers of the show will totally change it's image.\"In the past, Bigg Boss has been about scandals and fights. But we want to change that image,\" Gulf News quoted Salman Khan as saying during an interview with tabloid!According to reports, the 'Ek Tha Tiger' star, who co-hosted the last season with Sanjay Dutt will be hosting the new season alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705343", "title": "Power cuts continue to haunt localites", "text": "KANPUR: Power cuts continued to haunt the city on Friday and Saturday with several areas unofficially deprived of electricity for over 20 hours over the two days against official rostering total of 12 hours.The first power cut on Friday stretched from 12.30 pm to 3.30 pm while the second 2.30 hour long power cut occurred between 8.30 pm and 11 pm. There was little sleep in store for the denizens as power supply was also snapped from 3 am to 5 am.While the official rostering on Saturday was scheduled between 12.30 and 4 pm, it continued till 5 pm in many areas. In many areas, the power cut was much longer. \"There was no power in our area from 10.45 am to 6 pm. Electricity board officials spoke to us rudely when we called to register complaints. They then took the phone off the hook and all efforts to reach them went in vain,\" said Uday Shukla, a resident of Shankaracharya Nagar which comes under Dehli Sujanpur sub-station. Komal Jai Singhani of Saket Nagar said there was no electricity in her area from 12.30 to 5 pm on Saturday. Saket Nagar comes under Naubasta sub-station.Long power cuts were also witnessed in several areas of Dabauli, Barra and Govind Nagar. The locals claimed these areas are witnessing 10 to 12 hour long powercuts for the past few days. In many other areas including Yashoda Nagar, Shyam Ngar, K-Block, Babupurwa, and Gumti, the locals also complained of voltage fluctuations and phase disorders.Protest against civic apathyLocals from Ahirawan's Shivshankerpuram staged a protest near Chakeri Air Force Station over insanitary conditions in their locality on Saturday.The locals alleged that Air Force Colony's sewage is being drained into their locality which is polluting the drinking water supply and making people fall ill.The locals said more than two dozen people have taken ill after consuming contaminated water being supplied to the area.Talking to TOI, Shyam Kumar, a resident of the area said the sewage from many houses in Air Force Colony is dumped into a park in their locality and the same had turned into a sort of filthy pond.The water supply is also contaminated by the same and made unfit for drinking, he said.On the other hand, the stagnating water is a breeding ground for mosquitoes and several people have reportedly already been diagnosed with malaria.\"The residents as well as passersby now have to take a long detour to reach the Air Force Station and nearby market.The residents asked Kanpur Municipal Corporation officials to ensure cleanliness in the lane. But our pleas were not heard,\" said Ashok Singh, another resident of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706218", "title": "No official function for citya s birthday today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was on October 7 in 1953 that Chandigarh was officially inaugurated by the then President of India Rajendra Prasad. But the date does not figure on UT administration's calendar and no official event has been planned to mark the historic occasion.Some historians associate Chandigarha's birth to Jawahar Lal Nehrua's visit to a Sector-9 site, where he climbed onto a raised platform to view the city landscape during one of his several visits. However, the formal inauguration function was held in Sector 1.Kiran Joshi, who retired as professor from Chandigarh College of Architecture and has studied the issue in detail while documenting the city's heritage, says. A big function was organized in National Park, which was then named after the President. A large number of dignitaries had come from Delhi to participate.The event marked the shifting of some of Punjab government's departments from Shimla to newly-constructed structures near PGI, and in a way leading to the citya's birth. Most of these offices have now been demolished. It was a picture put up in the Chandigarh Architecture Museum with a caption saying that Nehru was laying the foundation stone of Chandigarh that led to confusion about the date of citya's birth. It later turned out that the picture was actually that of foundation stone of the secretariat by Nehru, says Joshi.Meanwhile, though there is no landmark at Rajendra Park to remind the city of its birth, the commemorative tower constructed in Sector 9 too has not been developed into a tourist spot. a??The tower marks the place where a tall wooden structure was temporarily erected for Nehru to see the city site. This spot is thus prenatal to the birth of Chandigarh, which was soon to put India on the world map of modern architecture and town planning,a?? says the dossier on Chandigarh Architecture prepared recently by the heritage committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708490", "title": "Still swinging at 100", "text": "This month, Tarzan, lord of the apes, becomes a centenarian. Since he first appeared in 1912, the original all-natural superhero has had many highs and lows, and is now all set to woo newer audiencesThe October 1912 issue of the American pulp magazine All Story was devoted to a 131-page novel by an obscure young writer called Edgar Rice Burroughs. The cover depicted a wild muscular man in a dense jungle about to plunge his dagger into a lion even as another man - presumably the lion's intended dinner - looks on in horror. The story was tantalizingly titled Tarzan of the Apes - A Romance of the Jungle. This month marks the century of the first appearance of the wild jungle man who made his debut in a 15-cent magazine but has since gone on to become an iconic character who, along with his creator, is famous the world over.The adventures of Tarzan, the 'noble savage' whose parents are British peers but who is raised in the dense African jungles by a tribe of apes, have been serialized in two dozen novels and have spawned a gold-mine of a franchise that has led to numerous comics, merchandise and movies (besides Hollywood, the character is also a perennial favourite of B-grade Hindi filmmakers - images of Hemant Birje as Tarzan and Kimi Katkar as his lady love, continue to haunt us till date! ). But when Burroughs wrote the story - after being a self-described flop at nearly everything he tried, including being a gold miner and a railroad cop -- he had hardly expected the kind of success that Tarzan would enjoy. \"Frankly, he was surprised when the book publishers were bidding against each other for the rights of Tarzan of the Apes. In fact, as years went by he had plans of killing off this original eco-warrior because he wanted to write historical novels and westerns,\" says Burroughs' grandson John, who heads Edgar Rice Burroughs , Inc, the California-based conglomerate that markets the author's creations.If Burroughs was vexed by the character that he created, it may not be surprising. The vine-swinging, do-gooder lord of the jungle is a complex - some would even say troubling character - whose different characterizations across multiple novels, comics and movies make it difficult to define him. For instance, the Tarzan of the novels is quite different from the one in the comics. \"In the novels, Tarzan is essentially a great ape at heart even though he later acquires a thin veneer of civilization. His moral code is also governed by his animal instincts. But as a comic character, he is greatly watered down and is more of a conventional hero without some of the more savage traits he exhibits in the books,\" says Vineeth Abraham, a Delhi-based comic book collector who got hooked onto Tarzan when he was nine.Critics have also derided the character for conforming to the colonial stereotype of a white man emerging as the savior of black Africans. In his essay Lord Greystoke and Darkest Africa: The Politics of the Tarzan Stories, historian John Newsinger writes that \"Tarzan provides welcome reassurance of the white man's supremacy over both his women and his blacks, a supremacy that is maintained in any circumstances.\"But many fans opt not to make much of this issue saying that Burroughs was merely reflecting in his character the notions prevalent at that time. Jatin Varma, founder of Comic Con India and another avid Tarzan buff, says that it's not surprising there are white colonial overtones in the character considering that it was created in the first half of the twentieth century. \"This kind of thing existed with quite a few stories and characters from that time,\" he says. \"In fact, stereotypes have continued decades later as well and at times you come across them in recent times too. Though offensive sometimes, I personally am more concerned whether the characters and stories are interesting enough or not.\"It's a sentiment that Burroughs seems to have factored in while writing his stories. The series is peppered with a host of vicious villains, savage tribes and beautiful women that need to be saved. Tarzan's adventures -- often with faithful chimp Cheeta and lady love Jane by his side\u2014 take him, besides his jungle hunting ground, to such exotic places as the lost world of Atlantis, the land of the dinosaurs or the city of gold.While readers who grew up on these stories recall them with fondness, the relevance of Tarzan - essentially an Edwardian character - to a new generation of readers is often questioned. John Burroughs says that the character is perhaps more relevant in today's times. \"The situations that Tarzan encountered are the same today but on a grander scale specifically of his triumphs over the protection of his forests and the animal population.\"In order to reach out to newer audiences, the lord of the jungle is therefore being adapted for modern times by two best-selling authors Andy Brigs and Robin Maxwell who have been given licensing rights by ERB, Inc. Also in the pipeline is a 3D film using performance capture while Warner Bros would be releasing a live-action Tarzan movie by 2014-15.As he turns a sprightly hundred, here's hoping the first all-natural superhero continues yodeling and swinging his way into hearts for another hundred.TARZAN TRIVIABurroughs toyed with many names for his character, like \"Zantar\" and \"Tublat Zan,\" before he zeroed in on \"Tarzan\" which means white skinTarzan's real name, however, is John Clayton , Earl of GreystokeHe is married to Jane Porter and has a son KorakBesides communicating with birds and animals, Tarzan can speak a host of languages like English, French, Dutch, German, Swahili, Arabic, ancient Greek, ancient Latin and Mayan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708303", "title": "Sachin knows when to call it quits: Mandira Bedi", "text": "In town, Mandira Bedi talks about the speculation surrounding the legend's retirementYou seem to be addicted to theatre... If you do a play and it becomes successful, you are bound to get addicted to it. At times, it does feel thankless as the rigorous practice gets to you. But then, one does theatre for the love of it. It calls for 25 times more the hard work than films or television.The play, Salt &amp; Pepper, is going to five cities, but you started with Kolkata. Any particular reason? It just fell into the scheme of things. I have done several rounds in the city with every bit of theatre that I have been part of. As I like to say, I was born in Kolkata (as Mondira), so the birth of my theatre is also in this city.You started out with TV. Ever considered going back? I'll make a comeback when I am offered something like Shanti . The character has taught me a lot. It was truly inspirational.You started the trend of women commentators. Now that many of them are doing well, how does it feel? I'm happy that new vistas have opened up. It's not a male-dominated zone anymore. Even in news channels, these days, we get to see women covering sports. It's good to know that I've been responsible for opening new doors. I have always enjoyed it and miss it at currently. I was doing it till I was seven months pregnant with Veer.India is out of the T20 world cup. You must be upset... It is sad. It's all because of the run rate. We were playing well, barring that one match against Australia where we got badly thrashed. It is unfortunate that we were dependent on other teams' matches, like that of Pakistan vs Australia, to seal our fate.Many feel that Dhoni has lost his magic... People forget that not too long ago, he had led the team to World Cup victory after 27 long years. He is the \"winningest\" captain of India, one of the best skippers India has ever got. He has a couple of years more to go. Which cricketer are you most fond of in the current team? Dhoni. He has great charisma, amazing charm. He is the best in the business.Sachin's retirement too has been much speculated...  No one knows best when to retire but the man himself. Just when the chips are down and people are writing him off, Sachin will go and break another record. He has given 22 years to cricket, he knows when to call it quits.Any new project that you are working on? I am working on two films. Atul Agnihotri's production house is making one. It is a satire which is very interestingly carried forward.What is the secret of your super-trim figure? Nothing works better than hard work. I used to work out for six days a week, sometimes additionally in the evenings too. Also I controlled my diet. My friends used to tell me that since it takes nine months to put on the weight, you take nine months to lose it. I said I would do it in six months and I did it. I have never used fat-burners or anything close to that.You have lent you name to PETA. Many of the ambassadors strip to basics to drive home a point. Would you ever do so? For this particular PETA campaign, I was covered from head to toe. And I would never strip, not even for a cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705762", "title": "\u2018Raped\u2019 minor, family move out of Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: About a month after the 16-year-old girl, who had allegedly been raped in the busy area of Chetana Nagar had filed an FIR with the Indira Nagar police, she and her family have permanently shifted out of Nashik, making the task of cracking the case difficult for the police.The girl, who was allegedly raped on August 22, has shifted to Ghaziabad, according to police officials.Police inspector Mahesh Devikar of the Indira Nagar police station said, \"The family of the victim left Nashik on September 19 and since then, we are carrying out our investigation into the case on telephone with the victim and her father. As the mobile phones of the victim and her family are not reachable most of the times, in the near future, a team may also have to leave for Delhi for further interrogation.\"The rape of the girl in the busy Chetana Nagar area had sent shockwaves across the city. Members of various political parties called on the police commissioner to speed up the investigations and put the culprits behind bars.Police officials investigating the case still remain clueless as the girl, according to them, has been changing her version of the events on the day she was allegedly raped. They claim that the changing versions of the story had made it difficult for them to crack the case and reach the cuprits. Moreover, the forensic report in the case is yet to be received from the laboratory to establish the girl's claims.The complaint lodged by the victim's father stated that his daughter was abducted in a van from near a coaching class in Chetana Nagar, taken behind a nearby school, raped by three persons and left near the school between 7.30pm and 8.30pm on August 22.The police maintained that earlier the victim said that she was abducted by the culprits after she came out of her coaching class. However, during investigations they found that the girl had not been to the coaching class for four days. The girl later changed her version and said that she was sitting in a nearby temple in Chetana Nagar before the incident. This too was found to be misleading as the priest claimed that he did not find the girl sitting in the temple.During further investigations, the girl claimed that the entire act was filmed by the culprits.Residents of the area said that they were pressing police officials to nab the culprits because the cops were picking up innocent youngsters during the investigations.Sanjay Jadhav, husband of local MNS corporator Archana Jadhav, said, \"Since the family has left Nashik, the impression among the residents is that it was a personal affair of the victim. We had been to the police earlier to expedite the case, but innocent youngsters of the area were picked up for interrogation for no reason.\"Jadhav also said that after the incident, they had conducted a couple of meetings, where residents were asked to monitor their wards.The rape of the girl in the busy Chetana Nagar area had sent shockwaves across the city. Cops remain clueless as the girl, according to them, has been changing her version of the events on the day she was allegedly raped. According to the complaint, the girl was abducted by three persons in a van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704878", "title": "CBI probe sought into videographing of HC proceedings by official", "text": "CHENNAI: An incident in which a home department official was caught filming proceedings in the Madras high court with his mobile phone has taken a turn with a writ petition being filed in the Supreme Court seeking a CBI probe.On October 4, when the division bench of Justice K N Basha and Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar was hearing a case relating to the detention of former DMK minister Veerapandi S Arumugam under the Goondas Act, a section officer of the home department at the secretariat, Venkatesan, was found videographing the arguments.When inquired, he admitted that he had neither obtained an entry pass from the HC security officers nor permission to be present at the hearing. He was found carrying a file containing blank papers, to make it appear as if he was in court to assist the government law officers. A furious bench slapped a contempt notice on the official and asked him to submit explanation the next day.On Friday, however, he filed an affidavit saying he was in court carrying official papers. As his affidavit was contradictory to his earlier statements in court, the judges warned him of perjury charges and asked him to file a fresh affidavit with facts. The matter will be again taken up on Tuesday.K Murali Babu, an advocate, has now filed a petition in the Supreme Court saying that it is impossible for a government official to be present in court and record proceedings without any explicit permission from his superiors, especially during office hours.\"The action of recording the court proceedings by an employee of the government is a clear case of intimidation of the judiciary. A thorough investigation by an independent agency is required to bring out the truth. The official did not have any ostensible reason to be present in the court during his office time,\" it said.The petitioner wanted the court to direct the CBI to investigate and submit its report to the apex court, and to punish those who tried to interfere in the course of justice. The petition is expected to come up for admission on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16705822", "title": "17 injured as jeep overturns", "text": "PALANPUR: Seventeen people were injured, five of them seriously, when a jeep carrying them over turned near Thawar village of Banaskantha district on Saturday.The victims were returning to their native village of Thawar after attending a condolence meeting in Lavara village of Dhanera taluka of the district.Police said the injured, including the driver of the vehicle, have been admitted to Dhanera civil hospital while those seriously injured were rushed to Palanpur civil hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16705456", "title": "100 days on, Antony still elusive", "text": "KOLLAM: On June 26, senior civil police officer Maniyan Pillai was murdered while on duty at Parippally. Hundred days have passed, but the police teams probing the case have still not been able to trace Aadu Antony, who is believed to be the killer.Pillai's wife Sangeetha, two daughters and ailing mother, who all have been eagerly waiting to hear the news of Antony's arrest, are now no more confident about police bringing the culprit to book. \"Many cases registered after the murder of my husband have been solved, but this has been dragging on,\" she said. She however is determined to go to any extent to nail the culprit. It was around 1am on that fateful night that Pillai was stabbed to death. He was on duty at the spot along with senior officer K Joy, who was seriously injured in the scuffle. Six special investigation teams under Thiruvananthapuram Range IG S Darvesh Saheb and Kollam city police commissioner Debesh Kumar Behra were deployed to find the culprit.Based on the injured officer's statement and the finger prints retrieved from the van the assailant had been travelling in, police had concluded that the culprit was Aadu Antony. Antony, who operates in south Indian states, has reportedly married several women. But apart from arresting two of his women accomplices and seizing stolen goods from his rented house in Chennai, the SIT hasn't been able to do much. The Andhra police too are searching for him in connection with the murder of three people at Tada in Nelloore.Sangeetha fears this case too would have the fate of the case of police officer, Chandran Pillai, who was stabbed to death by a thief. Though the culprit was identified as Puttu Kunjumon, he remains elusive even after 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705177", "title": "Contract killer hired to murder homemaker", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after police arrested Sameer Shah - the prime accused in the murder of 30-year-old homemaker Pallavi Patel - probe revealed that Sameer had hired a contract killer to bump off the Bhawanipore resident.On interrogating Sameer, he confessed to the crime and said that he had picked up the youth on their way to EM Bypass. Police have seized the white Hyundai Getz that belonged to the accused.\"We have found bloodstains on the seat and will send the car for forensic tests. It will be a clenching evidence in the case. We are also looking for the supari killer who actually murdered Pallavi and helped Sameer to dump the body,\" said an investigator.While Sameer was at the steering wheel, it was at his behest that the killer first gagged Pallavi and then strangulated her in the moving car. \"The victim was murdered while the car was moving along Basanti Highway on the eastern fringes of the city,\" said police sources.Sameer Shah, the key accused of murder of the young house-wife Pallavi Patel, had engaged contract killer to bump-off her. Investigation revealed that on their way, Sameer picked up an youth in his white Hundai Getz car on his way to Eastern Metropolitan Bypass. As Sameer was on the wheel, at his behest, the contract killer first gagged a horrified Pallavi and then strangulated her in the moving car on empty Basanti Highway in the eastern fringe of the city.Police on Friday seized Sameer's car soon after his arrest. \"We have found the blood-stain on the seat and sending the car the forensic tests. The car would be a clenching evidence in the case. We are now looking for the supari-killer who actually murdered her and helped Sameer to dump the body,\" said an investigator.It may be recalled that Sameer had picked up Pallavi from her Bhawanipore home around 7.30 pm on September 30, on the pretext of giving back her money. From there he drove straight to EM Bypass. On reaching Basanti State Highway, he assigned the contract killer to carry out the action. Police are yet to ascertain how much money Sameer had paid for the murder.Sameer emptied Pallavi's MIS savings account of Rs 6 lakh she kept in the post office. Sameer first won her trust by paying her monthly income from the account after taking possession of her passbook.He also took possession of 13 bhoris of jewellery worth Rs 4.9 lakh, saying that he would invest the money with in the name of investment in Muthoot Finance.Sameer, a realtor in the Bhawanipore area, had started an insurance business some time back. He was in touch with the Patels to increase his business. Pallavi somehow trusted Sameer and started taking financial advices from him.Her faith on him increased all the more when Sameer paid Rs 20,000 for the treatment of her son. Pallavi was so blind in her faith that she did not even bother to check the papers Sameer had brought for her to sign. Thus she was easily duped into signing this is how Sameer got her signature on the MIS withdrawal form.But a few days back, Pallavi grew suspicious. She went to the post office last week and checked that the entire amount was withdrawn by Sameer. She then threatened him Sameer to lodge a police complaint if he did not return her money. She also told her husband that how she was robbed by Sameer. This angered the latter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16708523", "title": "US-based NRI's plea for recovery of money from bank dismissed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has dismissed a US-based NRI's plea for recovery from a bank a sum of over Rs one lakh, which was allegedly withdrawn from his account by some unauthorised person due to the bank's negligence.Civil Judge (CJ) Ruchi Aggarwal rejected the plea of Georgia resident Viresh Nayar on the ground that he was unable to prove that he had not authorised any other person to use his ATM card.While dismissing Nayar's plea, the court also refused to rely on the statement of a man, representing Nayar as his attorney in the case, on the gound that he could not have apprised the court of the facts which were in the personal knowledge of Nayar alone.\"...it is clear that he (Nayar's acquaintance) does not have any personal knowledge about the entire incident. He is only deposing what the plaintiff (Nayar) told him which is not permitted by law,\" the court said.\"The plaintiff (Nayar)...has not been able to establish and prove that he had himself not authorised any person to use his ATM card,\" it said.\"Nor has he been able to prove that he had not received the renewed ATM card and therefore, the plaintiff cannot be held to have proved his case and consequentially, is not entitled to recover any amount from the defendant (bank),\" the court said.Nayar had filed the plea against the Standard Chartered Bank for recovery of Rs 1.01 lakh saying that he was employed here with a media organisation and in 1998, he was holding an account in its south-Delhi based branch.Nayar, in his petition, said he was using an ATM card for the account which was valid from August 1998 to August 2000 and he left his job here without changing his address and went to the USA to pursue regular studies in September 1998 and remained there till April 2001.He said thereafter he again went back to USA while his ATM card had already expired in August 2000 and he neither asked the bank to renew nor issue fresh ATM card.Nayar alleged that when in December 2001, he approached the bank with a request to withdraw the amount in it, he was informed that the money has already been withdrawn and there was an overdrawing balance of Rs 700 which he had to pay.Nayar said that after he inquired from the bank about it, it was revealed that the money was withdrawn between September 2000 and October 2000 and during that period, he was in USA.He alleged when he had left for USA, his account balance was over Rs 94,000 and it was withdrawn by some unauthorised person due to the negligence of the bank.The bank contested Nayar's plea saying the ATM card was issued in his name and it was obligatory on his part to take care of the card and the pin number.The bank said it was Nayar who was negligent in handling his ATM card and thus his plea should be dismissed.It also alleged that Nayar had not informed it about his resignation or about his leaving the country and in absence of any such information, the bank was under no obligation to send any correspondence to any other address except the one already being furnished by the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705530", "title": "Need to look at nuclear energy with open mind: Barc official", "text": "PUNE: K L Ramakumar, director of radiochemistry and isotope group at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai, has highlighted the need for a fair and open minded appreciation by the people about the immense benefits of nuclear energy.\"The benefits of costing and clean energy compared to conventional energy resources like coal, has to be assessed properly. There is no point in looking at nuclear energy with a negative attitude,\" Ramakumar said while interacting with students of department of environmental science at the University of Pune (UoP) here on Saturday.The department had organised a public lecture by Ramakumar on 'Nuclear and other industries: bane or boon - environmental issues' at the P C Ray hall of the varsity's department of chemistry. Head of environmental science department N S Rajurkar and other prominent academicians were present.Ramakumar said it is not just the nuclear energy but, areas like medicine and agricultural research applications too are fast emerging for use of nuclear elements.\"We have at least 750 centres in the country that use nuclear medicine for the cure of various ailments. Similarly, at least 34 new high-yield varieties of crops have been developed using nuclear radio isotopes, which is crucial in the context of rising population and dwindling farm yield,\" he said. \"People are not looking at these associated benefits,\" he added.Ramakumar pointed out that the impact of nuclear energy on the environment has to be assessed in context with the impact of other sources of energy. Thermal power or other industries like oil and natural gas also known to have key impact on environment vis-a-vis pollution, he added.He said, \"The management of radioactive elements is far efficient and better compared to other industries in the country. It is a misnomer that nuclear reactors tend to dispose waste in large quantities. The fact is that they manage radioactive elements by storing the same to an extent of period where they are rendered innocuous to human health. We are known to manage our nuclear wastes in a far efficient way.\"To a question on whether the nuclear industry can be privatised, Ramakumar said barring the United States , most other countries across the world have their nuclear reactors run by the government agencies. \"Ultimately, there is a socio-economic and political implication to moves like privatisation. Many other factors come into play,\" he said.He said, barring a few exceptions, private industries can not be expected to diligently adhere to the social obligation arising from the operation of a nuclear reactor. For instance, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) is known for undertaking regular health check ups of people in areas surrounding nuclear reactors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16704157", "title": "I-League: Shillong Lajong stun Mohun Bagan", "text": "SHILLONG: Mohun Bagan FC on Saturday suffered a shock defeat at the hands of hosts Shillong Lajong FC when the latter edged past them 2-0 in the I-League here. Boithang Hoakip scored the opening goal for the hosts in the 63rd minute.The second goal was scored by Lalramluaha Hmar at the dying minutes of the game.Debutants United Sikkim stun SalgaocarGANGTOK: Debutants United Sikkim FC came back from behind to upset Salgaocar 3-2 in a thrilling match here on Saturday. After a dull first 45 minutes, the game exploded in second half when Angel Guirado gave the Goan club the lead in the 50th minute. A horrific misunderstanding between United Sikkim goalkeeper Yoon Tae and his defender allowed Aldecuer to head in a rebound from two yards out.Milagres Gonsalves made the score 2-1 in favour of Salgaocar. Sikkim bounced back as Lineker Machado equalised in the 64th minute. Boosted by a boisterous home crowd, United Sikkim then took the lead in the 75th minute when defender Sandesh Jhingan headed home an Ashish Chettri free kick.Dempo beat ChurchillMARGAO: Defending Champions Dempo lived up to their billing as they edged past Churchill Brothers 2-1 to open their account in their tie played at the Nehru stadium in Fatorda. Ryuji Sueoka put Dempo in the lead before Roberto Silva restored parity in the 47th minute. Sueoka scored the winning goal in the 75th minute with a clinical finish.Pailan Arrows edge past Mumbai FCKOLKATA: Arrows, the AIFF's development side, had to wait for 24 rounds before claiming first of their two wins (against United Kerala) in the last edition of the I-League. But they started their new campaign on a high by beating Mumbai FC 3-2 on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708281", "title": "Wedding bells for Soumili", "text": "This wedding season is unfolding the filmi way. The latest to announce her marriage is Soumili Biswas. The actor is set to tie the knot with her banker fiance on December 9.\"It's an arranged marriage and I have full faith in my parents. All my life I have been busy with my career and never got a chance to find a match for myself,\" said the bride-to-be. So, has romance bloomed post-negotiation? \"Where is the time? We met only twice after the match was arranged. But we do talk over the phone and text each other,\" smiled Soumili, who is currently busy shopping for her D-Day. \"My would-be husband and in-laws are very modern in their outlook and have no issues with my profession. They are the ones who asked me to continue with my acting and dance career,\" Soumili added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706729", "title": "Orientation course in women\u2019s studies begins", "text": "VARANASI: The 13th orientation course in women's studies organised by the Centre for Women's Studies and Development, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) began on Friday. Over 50 research scholars from 20 disciplines are taking part in the course. Addressing the audience at the inaugural function, Prof Nita Kumar from Claremont University, California, said the world has historically been patriarchal, and more so today. She said awareness and education are two most important ways to counter gender discrimination.Prof Ashok Kaul, coordinator, Centre for the Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, BHU, said globalization and rise of postmodernism has brought new consciousness to the world which is now engaging in new discourses related to women. Prof Kiran Barman, coordinator of Centre for Women's Studies and Development said there were more women professionals from India than in the USA.Lecture: To mark the 125th birth anniversary of noted mathematician Srinivas Ramanujan, the DST Centre for Interdisciplinary Mathematical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, organised a lecture titled 'Srinivas Ramanujan -the genius' by Justice Yatindra Singh of Allahabad High Court on Friday.Yoga course: The Yoga Sadhana Kendra, BHU has announced that admissions for the part time four-month diploma course in Yoga for the session 2012-13 are now open. The course will commence on January 7, 2013. The last date for receipt of applications at Malviya Bhavan is October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16708140", "title": "Isro plans 58 space missions during 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Isro plans to launch 58 space missions, including sending spacecraft to moon and Mars , an exclusive satellite to keep a round-the-clock watch on the country and deploy 500 transponders in the next five years.The space agency also aims to deploy its own version of the Global Positioning System by putting into orbit a constellation of seven satellites which would form the Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS).According to the 12th Five Year Plan, approved by the Cabinet last week, the ISRO plans to add 400 transponders to the existing 187 to meet the growing demand from DTH operators, satellite mobile communications and new generation broadband VSAT systems.An indicative plan outlay of Rs 39,750 crore for the 12th Plan has been made for the department of space.\"Overall, 58 missions are planned for realization during 12th Plan period which includes 33 satellite missions and 25 launch vehicle missions,\" the 12th Plan document says.The space agency is also designing a special 'eye-in-the- sky' - Geo-Imaging Satellite or GISAT - to be stationed 36,000 km above to maintain round-the-clock vigil and assist state authorities to tackle natural disasters, floods and forest fires and keep a watch over the country's sensitive borders.Missions initiated in the 11th Plan like Chandrayaan-II, Astrosat-1 and Aditya-1 are also expected to set forth on their respective destinations into space over the next five years.As part of Chandrayaan-II, Isro plans to land a rover on the lunar surface and put a satellite in an orbit around the moon. The mission is expected to be launched in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16705389", "title": "Court stays murder case trial", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A city court on Saturday stayed a murder case trial after the crime branch sought time for further probe into the crime, in which a group of CPM activists allegedly killed BMS worker C T Manoj.Issuing the stay order, additional sessions judge-III justice N J Jose said the high court would be informed of the development. The high court had earlier ordered the completion of the trial within four months.The crime branch submitted the request for further investigation after the relatives of six accused persons sought home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnanan's intervention for a re-probe.The accused persons in the case, including DYFI Payyoli unit secretary Ajithkumar, had earlier requested the court to subject them to narco analysis.The accused also alleged that they became involved in the case according to a directive by the CPM leadership, who promised to save them. But the court had then rejected the petition for a reinvestigation in the case.Ajithkumar had told reporters that he had appeared before a police officer, who was a former office-bearer of the DYFI as directed by the CPM leaders. He alleged that the CPM had made them scapegoats to save the actual culprits.Police have arrested 14 persons in the case. One suspect is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704184", "title": "Water Board to snap sewer lines of defaulters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has threatened defaulters of snapping sewerage connections in case they fail to pay up their water dues.\"The Board will start disconnection of sewerage connections if the defaulters do not pay their dues immediately,\" an official release issued by the HMWS&SB; here on Saturday said.The Water Board has taken the decision as defaulters were not responding to its pleas to clear dues. HMWS&SB; MD J Syamala Rao had recently announced a drive to disconnect water supply connections of those who failed to clear their arrears. According to him, the Water Board has to get dues to the tune of Rs 367 crore from domestic and Rs 357 crore from non-domestic customers. So far, in all 17 operation and maintenance divisions (except VIII and XI), 272 water connections, both domestic and non-domestic (commercial), were disconnected.The Water Board has been disconnecting water connections of defaulters who have already been served notices. According to a top official, disconnection notices were slapped on over 4,000 defaulters.\"The disconnection of sewerage connections will start in a day or two,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704206", "title": "3rd party checks expose holes in CoP-11 works", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several deficiencies in works being taken up by contractors for the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) came to light during checks by third party agencies and quality control wing officers of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).As deficiencies in works, especially civil ones, were found during execution stage itself, the contractors were asked either to rectify them or stop the work.For instance, a road stretch between Seven Tombs and Golf Club crossroads was recarpeted by the corporation as part of the CoP-11 works. During inspection, WAPCOS, the third party agency, suggested laying BT (bitumen) road at some portion as there was water stagnation. It said unless it was rectified the road cannot be laid and it also pointed out some technical issues pertaining to the BT road being not in line.Similarly, another agency, Johnson, which had secured signage contract, tried to erect boards using inferior quality material. As per the contract, the contractor should use material specified by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) and since he violated the rule, he was asked either to replace the material or stop the work.GHMC officials said nearly 170 works , especially recarpeting roads, repairs, formation of footpath, drain works, painting, lane marking, repairs to fountains and erection of signages, were taken up by the corporation for CoP-11.Four third party agencies were engaged for inspection of work. WAPCOS, a government of India undertaking, was asked to check works taken up in Central Zone areas like Banjara Hills, Punjagutta, Assembly Road, Somajiguda, Khairatabad and surrounding areas, while Varraja Associations and MVSR Engineering College for works in South Zone areas like Charminar and Falaknuma and JNTU-H in West Zone areas like Kukatpally and Seringampally circles.The agencies, which were supposed to inspect works at least thrice during the execution stage and take photographs, would give their report along with their observations and remarks. They should also send material to the laboratory, if required. The third party agencies would get 0.65% of the cost of the work as fee.\"The third party reports are being sent to the commissioner directly. Most reports and findings are minor in nature and have been rectified during execution itself. For ensuring quality in works, field-level officers have been asked to file action taken reports. Apart from the agencies, the officers of the quality control wing have also been sending reports,\" North Zone superintending engineer MG Panduranga Chary told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705759", "title": "\u2018Rivers harmed by Green Revolution\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The Green Revolution that resulted in increasing the food grain production in the country actually harmed the health of rivers, Magsaysay awardee and water conservationist Rajendra Singh said on Saturday.\"The Green Revolution in the country was aimed at increasing food grains production for which extensive use of fertilizers was promoted. At the same time, measures to draw groundwater led to exploitation of aquifers that led to rivers going dry or lessening of water storage. The fertilizers used seeped in the water sources leading to pollution,\" he said at a programme organized by the Institution of Engineers, Nashik, to felicitate engineers in the city.The poor water quality resulted in the mineral-water business and MNC's pocketed nearly 80% of the Rs 28,000 crore business, he added.'Leave river alone'Rajendra Singh, who also visited the Godavari river asked engineers to leave it alone and stick to sustainable development by considering the social, environmental and ecological aspects \"All engineers have to do is leave the river alone. Don't think of any construction alo8ng river banks, no river fronts, no river beds, nothing. Ensure nothing goes into the river- from the source till the sea- and also limit use of water for needs,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709073", "title": "If not a singer, he would've been a sailor: Lucky Ali", "text": "Lucky Ali is right on time for our meeting. His fan, Rema Udeshi, an 18-year-old student of M K Sanghvi College at Vile Parle is thrilled to meet him. She is all smiles when Ali walks over to us, wearing a summery fresh light yellow shirt.\"September 29 is my father's birthday,\" are his first words to us, referring popular Bollywood comedian of the '70s Mahmood. Udeshi asks him what inspired him to be a musician and the 54-year-old singer who shot to fame with his 1996 album Sunoh, replies, \"My father was a huge inspiration. He was highly creative, and he always told me 'You can be anything you want to be'. Everyone wanted me to be like my father and the Hindi film industry has this tunnel vision \u2014 if you can act, you can't sing and vice versa. I enjoy music and singing, so I knew exactly what I wanted to be.\"Ali's thoughtful lyrics and elegant compositions met instant recognition. O Sanam , a single from his first album went on to top the charts, and stayed put for several weeks. Since then, Ali has released other albums, sung for Hindi films, and in 2002, acted in one too. Now, the Bengaluru resident plans to take a short hiatus and work only on select compositions.Having enjoyed Sur, in which Ali, born Maqsood Mahmood Ali, both, acted and sang, Udeshi wanted to know what it took to excel in both. \"I always enjoy what I do and I can multi-task, which isn't common in men. But having this ability helps,\" Ali laughs.The musician recently completed a multi-city music tour with a two-and-a-half-hour performance in Mumbai. Udeshi was curious to know what it feels like when he meets doating fans. \"A lady fainted (at the Mumbai performance)! But that was because of the chaotic crowd. The reaction was overwhelming. It's really nice when the crowd sings along. It's the song and music that matters,\" says Ali. And what does he like doing when he is not singing?Ali's eyes light up. \"I love the sea so I would have been in the Merchant Navy, travelling the world, if I wasn't a singer. I also love the outdoors, and tinker around with technology. I want to explore South America and closer home, the northern region of India including the Himalayas. Travelling alone helps me discover myself.\" Ali admits he is fond of building his collection of guitars. \"The instrument is very important. I am always looking for good sounding guitars,\" Ali reveals.Udeshi then says she wants some advice \u2014 what should talented youngsters who want to make a career of singing do. \"One should find oneself. It is important to be respectful to everything that you are exposed to. I followed my heart but was always answerable to myself for all the decisions I made. One has to maintain a balance between logic and reality,\" replies Ali.\"In the creative field, one has to focus on what works for oneself. I don't like the idea of being burdened. It is important to do your best and give time to what interests you. Success is all in the mind. We are all the same \u2014 we all go to sleep in the night and wake up to do our daily duties.\" As we wind up, Udeshi asks Ali to hum a few lines. He croaks in a hoarse voice and we are all in splits. How many hours a day does he practise? Ali says, \"Minus 24!\" He has given up his morning tea and drinks water, instead.The little sacrifices the world doesn't see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "16704390", "title": "Former woman Naxal shot dead", "text": "KHAMMAM: CPI (ML) Maoists on Saturday shot dead a former woman dalam commander in the Kommugudem forest branding her a police informer. The victim was identified as Durga alias Swarnakka, 40, former dalam commander of Narsampet-Kothagudem who had surrendered long ago and was living at her native village Kommugudem of Gundala mandal of the district.Incidentally, the current Maoist commander of Narsampet-Kothagudem is namesake of the slain former naxalite. Sources said current commander Swarnakka and her team members kidnapped the former naxal late on Friday night and shot her dead in the wee hours of Saturday in the Kommugudem forest. According to the naxals, the former dalam commander was responsible for the encounter in which Singanna, the dalam commander of Gundala-Narsampet, was shot dead by the police in February this year.Locals said they heard gunshots in the forest early Saturday and on rushing there, found the body of a woman. On being informed by the villagers, the Gundala police came to the spot and sent the body for autopsy to the Khammam government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706358", "title": "Platforms changed for BSP rally", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has changed the platforms of some of the trains at Charbagh station for October 9 BSP rally. The rally special trains will arrive at and depart from platform number 1. As a result of which platforms for some of the trains have been changed for October 9 and 10. Train number 12229 Lucknow Mail will run from platform number 4.The trains which will operate from platform number 2 instead of platform number 1 are train number 15651(Up) Lohit Express and 12318 (Dn) Akal Takht Express. Train number 14265 (Up) Janata Express will operate from platform number 3 instead of platform number 1. Trains which will arrive at and depart from platform number 4 instead of platform number 1 are 12236 (Dn) Rajdhani Express, 12229 (Up) Lucknow Mail and 12233 (Up) AC Special.Train number 14854 (Dn) Marudhar Express and 14116 (Dn) Haridwar Express (on October 10) will operate from platform number 5 instead of platform number 1. Trains which will operate from platform number 6 instead of platform number 1 are 15708 (Dn) Katihar Express (on October 10), 15610 (Dn) Awadh-Assam Express and 12419 (Up) Gomti Express. Trains which will operate from platform number 7 are train number 14370 (Dn) Triveni Express, 12391(Up) Shramjivi Express and 14258(Dn) Kashi Vishwanath Express (which operates from platform number 4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709239", "title": "Heartbreak central", "text": "Talking to a third person after a breakup helps you get over the pain of 'ex'quisite agony faster. Here's why...When 25-year-old marketing executive Ankit Anubhav had a devastating heartbreak last year, for two whole months, he languished in self-pity and did everything possible to get over his pain, just like everyone else. But when he attended a book-reading session of Chocolate Guitar Momos by Kenny Deori, the germ for a unique idea originated \u2014 he decided to start a breakup helpline. \"In the book, the protagonist described how he felt miserable after his girlfriend dumped him and wished there was a breakup helpline to help him move on instead of him surrendering to alcohol and cigarettes! That's when I decided to do something about heartbreak,\" he says.In less than three months, the helpline website has garnered members from India and around the world (with an average of 30 calls a day). Unlike medical counselling, which is quite expensive, breakuphelpline.com offers most of its services free (emails and skype calls), except for members who opt for its customised services ( where for a fee of 2,500, they offer services that are unique to the caller's specific problem). Excerpts from an interview...Why are people more comfortable opening up to a third person after a breakup?When you are in a relationship, your friends and family get emotionally involved with your partner. When the relationship falls apart, everyone gets affected. Your loved ones end up judging you. But a stranger doesn't come with preconceived notions. He/she will hear you out and see the problem from your point of view. That's important.Why are Indians so wary of seeking help for emotional problems?We are yet to be educated about the fact that it's perfectly fine to talk about heartbreak. Suffering in silence is in our DNA. We need to understand that it's okay to seek help or get another person's point of view. Also, going to psychologists is often considered taboo. Then there's also the cost factor; I attended four psychotherapy sessions to see how they work, and for one session, they charged me 3,700, just for hearing me out!From the calls that you've got so far, what seems to be the biggest cause for breakups these days?The funny thing is couples in this tech-dependent age have the most communication problems. Texting leads to major misunderstandings. People simply don't talk to each other as much as they should.Do only youngsters need help getting over their heartaches?You'd be surprised to know that we started our services to cater to the age group of 18-25, but we have got responses from people who are almost 70 years old! We have even got a registration from a kid, who was in class 7. He was devastated after his girlfriend broke up with him because she scored four marks more than him in a test!If one person in a relationship has moved on, but the other is still in love, what advice would you offer?If you've truly loved someone and spent happy times with them, moving on from that person is obviously going to be a painful process, and it's not your fault if you are still in love. The first step is acceptance about the situation. They have to understand that things between the two of them have changed forever and that the other person has moved on in the relationship and won't ever feel the same. For inner peace, you will have to accept ground reality first. Once you have taken that step, you can then begin the process of healing, taking one day at a time.How can one help people deal with their heartaches?It's simple. You have to indulge them. For example, I have a Spanish customer, whose boyfriend used to write her a lot of handwritten letters. She really missed that. So she wrote to us saying that it would be great if someone could write her handwritten letters, in ink. We did just that!Most people who've just had a breakup like waking up with calls or messages telling them that they are cared for. Sometimes, when they are sad, they ask me to list out reasons as to why they are better off single. It's these little things that matter.Do men and women approach love differently?There isn't much difference. They are both human beings at the end of the day. But I have noticed one difference \u2014 men are okay with dating women who may have different inerests, be it movies, books, music, clothes... but women look for common interests in the men they are seeing. They like men with similar hobbies and tastes.Frequently asked questionsWhen will I get over this madness? Will I be able to ever get over my ex? How do I delete him/her from my memory? What do I need to do to get over my ex? Why do his/her thoughts keep coming back? Will I be able to truly love someone else again?Mantras to follow after a breakupDon't keep in touch with your ex. You can never be 'friends' with him/her Throw away anything and everything that reminds you of him/her Delete them from all your social networking accounts. You don't want to see your ex in some party pictures and cry over it Exercise your new-found freedom. Hang out with your close friends Pursue your hobbies Lastly, take a printout of the above rules, paste it on your wall and follow them!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16705195", "title": "Student molested at college gates in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A first-year BA student of Uluberia College was allegedly molested by a youth in front of the college gates on Saturday afternoon. The incident shocked the students as well as the teachers as the spot where the incident took place remains crowded throughout the day.However, students who were present at spot managed to chase down the accused. Palash Ghughu, who works at a factory near the college, was arrested later in the day. According to cops, the youth was stalking the victim for the past few weeks and had even proposed her. But the victim had refused him, which enraged him.On Saturday, Ghughu tried to hold her hand and attempted to snatch her earrings. Uluberia SDPO Shyamal Samanta said the accused was arrested on the charge of molestation.There was a was bomb scare at Bangabasi juncture at Howrah as two abandoned blue coloured bombs were spotted. However, police said that some electrical goods and plumbing items were spotted inside the metro construction site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16709509", "title": "Allegations utterly false and defamatory: Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Robert Vadra on Sunday dismissed as \"utterly false, entirely baseless and defamatory\" allegations over his property dealings with DLF and said he was saddened by attempt of activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan to malign him and his family to \"gain cheap publicity\".\"I am a private law abiding citizen who has been engaged in business over the last 21 years. The allegations leveled against me by Kejriwal and Bhushan are utterly false, entirely baseless and defamatory\", Vadra, Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law, said in a statement, two days after charges made by the civil society activists at a press conference here created a political storm.43-year-old Vadra said he was \"saddened by the attempt of Kejriwal and Bhushan to deliberately misrepresent numbers contained in my financial statements, manufacture lies against me and malign me and my family in order to gain cheap publicity for themselves and for the launch of their political party\".He said, \"My business transactions are fully reflected in financial statements filed before appropriate government authorities in compliance with the law. They are available in the public domain to anyone interested in knowing the truth.\"His statement came a day after he broke his silence over the controversy surrounding his property dealings, saying he could \"handle all the negativity\".Kejriwal earlier on Sunday described as \"half truths and lies\" the clarifications of reality major DLF on the allegations that Vadra was given property at throw away prices for government favours.DLF on Saturday rejected the allegations that it had given unsecured loans to Vadra as a 'quid pro quo' for favours and said it had transparent dealing with him as an individual entrepreneur.In a statement, the company had said it had given Rs 65 crore as \"business advances\" out of which Rs 15 crore was fully refunded and Rs 50 crore was used for purchase of land.Rejecting the allegations made by activists Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan that the company favoured Vadra, DLF had said it neither received any undue benefit from any state governments nor was it allotted any land by Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan governments.DLF had also dismissed the charge that the company sold properties to Vadra and his companies at a throwaway price. Vadra had said yesterday in his post on a social networking site, \"Thank you so much for your concern. I am fine and can handle all the negativity. I have lost people I loved, what can be worse.\"Congress has already dismissed opposition demands for a probe into the matter. \"An inquiry into what? Is a business transaction between two private entities duly reported to the statutory authorities illegal? Is it a crime,\" party spokesman Manish Tewari had said while terming the activists as 'B' team of BJP .He was asked about demands for a probe into the affairs of Vadra as also how his business has grown to a level of Rs 300 crore from a tiny capital base.The refrain of AICC as also several Union Ministers was that all the information about the business of Vadra has been regularly filed with the statutory authorities.Besides, Congress has maintained that the charges made by \"B team of BJP\" were nothing but \"baseless and unsubstantiated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704424", "title": "Kitchen-studio launched", "text": "MUMBAI: Friday evening, BBC Good Food India, a TOI group publication, inaugurated a special kitchen-studio in Prabhadevi where experts will test each recipe three times before it is published in the magazine.Publisher Debolin Sen said, \"This concept is being attempted for the first time in the country. We have set up a full-fledged kitchen where we will perfect 70-80 recipes that we publish each month. This will help readers get the recipes right at the first instance.\"The state-of-the-art kitchen as well as the photography studio located near Century Bazar spans 1,800 sq ft. The cookery team will experiment new recipes in this \"laboratory\", while the photo studio will be used for the magazine's photo shoots. It will also be utilized to host live events and master classes by top chefs from around the country and the world. The videos of these demonstrations will be uploaded on its website that is to be launched soon.Tarun Rai, CEO, Worldwide Media, said, \"India's food scene is changing rapidly and people are experimenting with cuisines in their kitchens as well when eating out. It is not surprising, therefore, that BBC Good Food has been so successful since its launch a year ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16711307", "title": "Depression, a world-wide problem", "text": "MUMBAI: Old theories stating that Westerners are the only people who suffer from depression have been proven false, due to the fact that depression and anxiety exist in every society in the world today. This finding, published by researchers at The University of Queensland, came from the world's most comprehensive study of depression and anxiety research to date.Two separate studies of clinical depression and anxiety disorders were conducted. People across 91 countries, more than 480,000 people, were surveyed regarding their clinical anxiety and/or major depressive disorder.These surveys showed that clinical depression and anxiety are serious health problems all around the world. Non-western societies, even ones experiencing conflict, were reported to have less people with anxiety disorders than in Western societies. 10% of people were affected by anxiety in North America, Western Europe, and Australia/New Zealand, whereas 6% of people in Asia were affected by anxietyMeanwhile, depression had the opposite effect in Western countries, less people were likely to be depressed. 9% of people in Asian and Middle Eastern countries, such as India and Afghanistan, had major depression. 4% of people had major depression in North and South America, New Zealand, Australia, and East Asian countries like China, Thailand and IndonesiaAccording to lead author on the depression study, Alize Ferrari, results showed that depression is higher in parts of the world where conflict is stirring. She cautioned that sometimes it is difficult to acquire data from some low and middle income countries.Ferrari said: \"\"More investigation of the methods we use to diagnose depression and measure its prevalence in non-western countries is required, as well as more research on how depression occurs across the lifespan.\"\"Lead author of the anxiety study, Amanda Baxter, also cautioned people on comparing mental disorders across different countries. She said: \"\"Measuring mental disorders across different cultures is challenging because many factors can influence the reported prevalence of anxiety disorders. More research is also needed to ensure that the criteria we are currently using to diagnose anxiety is suitable for people across all cultures.\"\"Both clinical depression and anxiety are more commonly found in women than in men. This study found that for men and women over the age of 55, anxiety becomes less common. However, depression remains common throughout the lifespan.About 4.7% of people (1 in 21) will have major depression at some point in time. About 7.3% of people (1 in 13) currently suffer from anxiety, the most common of all mental disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705605", "title": "Time to bury the ghosts of 1962, the war that wasn't", "text": "Anniversaries chain us to the past - histories and memories - in strange ways. And if an anniversary is a reminder of a loss - a scar on the collective mindscape - to a nation, it breeds its own myths and fears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705702", "title": "'Over 90% visiting onshore casinos are Goans'", "text": "PANAJI: Over 90% of those gambling at onshore casinos are Goans, say industry insiders, although this figure cannot be corroborated by government statistics as there is no mechanism to keep track of who enters a casino.\"(But) our transaction records, including credit card details and CCTV footage, show very clearly that the number of customers gambling are overwhelming locals,\" says a South Goa-based insider who has been in the industry for the last seven years.He points out that the clientele ranges from across the locals social spectrum and includes politicians, doctors, office-goers and students. Both genders are represented, with women gamblers being both, homemakers and employed.On August 1, the state cabinet approved proposed amendments to the Goa Public Gambling Act, 1976, to empower the government to restrict the entry of Goans and youth under 21 years into casinos. The bill was passed by the state legislative assembly on August 8.Two months later, the law is yet to be enforced. \"The government is yet to frame the rules to implement the bill,\" a government source said. Differentiating between a local and a tourist, the bill proposes to insert the definition of a tourist \"as a person or a group of persons who have attained the age of 21, including pilgrims who are on a visit to Goa and not domiciled or permanently residing in Goa, holding a tourist permit issued under this Act\".From p 1The government has also decided to appoint a gaming commissioner with powers to impose fines and initiate prosecution in case of non-compliance of any rules made by the state government.Some Goan casino employees are unhappy with the bill saying their employment will get severely affected.Mazhar Alam, a former general manager in charge of three onshore casinos in Salcete, paints a grim picture about casinos affecting Goans. \"Casinos have led to the devastation of Goan families, Goan lifestyle and Goan people and need to be stopped and closed down forever,\" he had told a press conference recently.He claimed that \"almost 95% of customers gambling at onshore casinos are Goans\". \"Tourists come for a few days, gamble and leave, but Goans keep returning. Some onshore casinos totally rely on Goan punters for business. So, either the entry fee is waived or is offset with complimentary food and drink. The age profile of gamblers too is seeing more youngsters. I have seen students from colleges in Salcete gambling at casinos, when they should be attending classes,\" alleged Alam.\"We are totally circumspect about this bill banning Goans from entering casinos,\" said Sabina Martins, convener, Aam Admi Aurat Against Gambling.\"Firstly, by substituting the lower courts with a gaming commissioner, the government has shielded casinos from the powers of our judicial system in case of any illegalities. Secondly, will the gaming commissioner be a judicial person or a government appointee who will see that the rules preventing Goans from gambling in casinos is enforced? It has been over a decade now that casinos are being allowed to run in Goa, and there is no sign of a gaming commissioner,\" said Martins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16704572", "title": "Case filed against Noida golf course", "text": "NOIDA: A case has been registered against the Noida Golf Course by the CEO of a city-based IT company. The CEO claims the car he was travelling in was hit by a golf ball on Saturday morning.The complainant, Sandeep Varma, lives in Sector 62. Police said Varma was on the way to his son's school when the incident happened at 9:20am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16704367", "title": "Gang-raped, Haryana girl burns self to death", "text": "KARNAL: A 16-year-old girl immolated herself after she was allegedly gang-raped in Haryana's Jind on Saturday, the fifth such case reported since Tuesday and the 12th in less than a month from the state.Police said that according to the family's statement, the girl was dragged inside a neighbour's house in Saccha Khera village by a youth, Pradeep Kumar, while she was crossing the street.The complaint stated that while he raped her, Kumar's sister-in-law, Meena, stood guard at the terrace to keep an eye outside the house. Later, Pradeep called two of his friends \u2014 Naveen and Sanjeev \u2014 who also raped her.DSP Narwana Rameshwar Singh said the girl escaped and went to her uncle's home. \"She poured kerosene and set herself on fire,\" said Singh.She was admitted to Rohtak's PGIMS with 90% burns. Medical officer Pradeep Singh said the girl died during treatment. Police have arrested two of the accused \u2014 Meena and Sanjeev \u2014 while the other two are still absconding. Jind SSP Saurabh Singh said a manhunt has been initiated to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16706114", "title": "Eve-teasing drove girl to suicide, reveals probe", "text": "INDORE: Investigations into the alleged suicide by a 17-year-old girl from MIG area few months back have revealed that the victim took the extreme step after being harassed by eve-teaser who stalked her for months. Police have booked the accused for abetting to suicide here on Saturday.Harassed by an eve-teaser, a school-going girl committed suicide in MIG area few months ago. It was established in the investigation of the police and the accused has been booked for abetting to suicide on Saturday evening.The deceased, Kanchan, A 17-year-old girl daughter of Chunnilal and was living in Nadiya Nagar. named Kanchan is the daughter of committed suicide few months ago. She.She hanged herself in her room on May 17 and no suicide note was found from the spot. But police did not find any suicide note from the spot.However, police investigation revealed that one Bhaskar Joshi, of the same locality was harassing her continuously especially on her way to the school and coaching.Investigating officer ASI G S Gaur said that the girl was studying in class XII and left with no option, had committed suicide. After the investigation,Police have booked the accused under 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704168", "title": "Minimum wages hiked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Friday decided to implement the hiked rates for minimum wages of unskilled, semi- skilled and skilled categories of workers in all employments from October 1. The minimum monthly wage of unskilled workers has been fixed at Rs 7,254 as against Rs 7,020. The daily wage has gone up from Rs 270 to Rs 279. For semi- skilled workers, the minimum monthly wage is Rs 8,008 instead of the earlier Rs 7748. The daily wage has gone up from Rs 298 to Rs 308.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704838", "title": "Pirates release video of hostages", "text": "CHENNAI: Somali pirates have released a video showing seven Indian sailors, including one from Tamil Nadu , under captivity, appealing to the India government to take immediate steps for their release as their lives are in danger. The 1.26-minute footage uploaded on YouTube titled 'Breaking news Somali pirates the 7 India hostages are in bad condition and help India government 2' has got family members of the sailors worried, but the government is yet to respond.The video shows Bahadur Singh, the chief engineer of merchant vessel Asphalt Venture, which was hijacked by Somalian pirates on September 28, 2010, making an appeal to the President, the Prime Minister, the UPA chief and the opposition leader. \"We are mentally stressed all the time. Our health is not good. Please save us\", Singh says in the video. The pirates had let off the vessel and nine of the 16 crew members, keeping the seven in their custody.Kapil Grewal, son of Bahadur Singh, said the government has done nothing to ensure the sailors' release. \"The office of the director general, shipping has stopped responding to our questions and the families have been left to deal with the pirates' threat calls. We request the government to at least appoint a negotiator to speak to the pirates,\" he said.Among the seven sailors of Asphalt Venture is Danitson Antony from Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu. The Union shipping ministry said 43 Indian sailors of different vessels are in pirates' captivity. They include 28 who were held this year.Manoj Joy of Sailors Helpline said the government should be held responsible for the safety of the sailors. \"DG shipping once said they don't speak the language of the pirates. The video is another threat to their lives. It is high time something is done,\" he said.The pirates had, in an earlier email to one of the sailors' families, demanded the release of several pirates from Indian jails in exchange of the seven sailors. The pirates tried to negotiate with the government in January this year, and sent two more messages in July, but nothing has been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705452", "title": "Electronic goods worth Rs 3.45L stolen from shop", "text": "VADODARA: Electronic goods worth Rs 3.45 lakh were stolen from a showroom in Chhani Jakatnaka area of the city. Burglars forced open the shutters of the showroom to conduct the theft on Friday night.According to police, the incident took place at Swami Sales, a showroom located in Cascade Complex between 8.30 pm on Friday and 9.30 am on Saturday. Burglars stole eight LED television sets worth Rs 3.07 lakh, four digital cameras worth Rs 23,300 and three DVD players worth Rs 9,000. Cash amounting to Rs 5,000 was also stolen by the gang.Sources said the complex where the shop is located does have a watchman, but it is believed that the burglars may have forced open the shutter when he was taking rounds of the complex and may have been on a different location or on the backside of the complex. The complex or the shop did not have CCTV cameras and hence no footage was available to throw light on the incident.A dog squad and finger print experts were called by the police at the spot to conduct investigations. Finger print experts have found a series of prints that may be those of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "16706176", "title": "Financier, 10 others booked for shopkeeper's murder", "text": "FATEHABAD: After a youth, who was attacked by a financier, died late Friday night in a private hospital in Hisar, upset family members and shopkeepers of Ratia refused to cremate his body on Saturday and blocked the Ratia-Fatehabad road, keeping the body on the road, demanding arrest of the accused.Following this, SDM, H C Bhatia, DSP Jagdish Chander and SHO Ratia, Subhash Bishnoi, reached the spot and assured strict action against the accused. Police have booked financier Ramesh Gujjar and 10 other unidentified persons, under various sections of IPC, including murder.Complainant Saroj Rani, wife of deceased Sumit Kumar, 31 - who ran a small local-made cold drinks shop in Ratia -- said, \"On 1 October, accused Ramesh Gujjar and around 10 other people attacked my husband near village Aherwa, when we were on way to a hospital in Fatehabad. He was rushed to the general hospital , from where he was referred to Hisar. My husband died on Friday night.\"As the news of his death spread, residents of the area, along with friends of the deceased, blocked the road and surrounded Ratia police station. The agitators, carrying the body, blocked the road, demanding arrest of the accused.The agitators have given a 24-hour ultimatum to police to arrest the accused or face further action. When contacted, DSP Jagdish Kumar, said, \"Police have formed four teams to nab the accused. A manhunt has been launched and the accused will be arrested soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16708064", "title": "Mohammad Hafeez unilaterally dropped me from semis: Abdul Razzaq", "text": "LAHORE: The first signs of discontent in the Pakistan team after its ouster from the World Twenty20 have surfaced with experienced allrounder Abdul Razzaq expressing his disappointment at being dropped from the lost semifinal against Sri Lanka.Razzaq, who returned to his hometown Lahore, told the media at the airport that it was the unilateral decision of the captain to not play him although the team management thought differently.\"I know the team management didn't drop me it was Hafeez and he should now speak up and admit it was his own decision,\" Razzaq said.Hafeez, on returning to Pakistan on Saturday, had claimed that the decision to drop Razzaq was taken by the team management since they wanted to play someone who could bowl spin.Razzaq was played in just one match of the tournament against Australia in which he scored a useful 22 runs but was not given a single over by his captain.In the very next match against Sri Lanka, Hafeez preferred to pick Sohail Tanvir in place of Razzaq in a low scorer -- a decision which has been criticised by former players and critics.\"I was very sad and disappointed to not get a chance to play in the semifinal. I was mentally prepared for the big match and it came as a huge letdown to know I was not playing,\" Razzaq said.\"Hafeez should not deflect the blame to the board and management and should own up that it was his decision to drop me,\" he added.The veteran of 46 tests, 265 one-day internationals and 30 T20s said before the semifinal the Sri Lankans were worried to learn that he and Shahid Afridi would be playing in the semifinal.\"They were concerned because we are senior players and we have performed against them in the past,\" Razzaq added.\"If he has dropped me, he should say that it was his (Hafeez's) decision to drop me, and that he is the captain and it's his planning.\"The allrounder said after the team qualified for the semifinals it was in high spirits and the players were in favour of fielding an unchanged side for the knockout game.\"The only that regret that will remain is that our team lost, and lost out on a world cup,\" he said.He pointed out that he was disappointed and upset at missing out on the semifinal because when 57 runs were needed in the last eight overs, it was the ideal situation for him to come in and do something for the team.\"I felt hurt at the way I was made to sit outside and watch the team lose. Even former Indian captain, Sourav Ganguly said I would have been useful in the lower order on a slow and turning track,\" Razzaq stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704893", "title": "10 injured as law college students, metropolitan transport corporation staff clash", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic on Purasawalkam High Road and Millers Road came to a standstill for more than half an hour on Saturday evening, due to a road rook staged by hostel students of the Ambedkar law college and drivers and conductors of metropolitan transport corporation.The students were traveling without a ticket on 29A route (Perambur - Anna Square) to their hostel on Millers Road. When the bus conductor demanded that they buy a ticket or threatened to fine them, an argument broke out.When the bus reached the hostel gate, the students dragged the conductor, Albert Singh, and the driver out and beat them up. Seeing the commotion, a 29C bus driver tried to help his colleagues.Five law college students and five conductors from the MTC were injured. The students have been admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital and the conductors were admitted to the government general hospital. Police convinced the groups to withdraw their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705991", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation contractors under e-scanner", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Contractors undertaking civic works in the city can no longer take the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and residents for a ride, nor will they need to grease palms of officials to get their payments cleared.In yet another e-governance initiative, the civic body is all set to start a contractor and supplier management system (CSMS), which will help monitor progress of work in various projects in a transparent manner, check on contractors' credentials and make payments in a seamless manner.\"We are planning to launch the system after the puja vacation. Work is in an advanced stage of completion,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra told TOI.Under CSMS, the contractor/supplier will be given a unique identification number after registering their details with the BMC, such as name, trade licence, address and bank account number. \"They can use the same unique ID for all future business with the BMC. With the ID, BMC can figure out past work records of the contractors and whether they were blacklisted earlier,\" Mishra said.A work details portal under the new system will show the work undertaken by contractors in all the 60 wards, its concerned departments in BMC, funds allocated and source of funding.After completion of a particular work, the system will generate bills after which BMC will transfer the amount to the bank account of the contractor and the supplier concerned.\"This will eliminate unnecessary delay in payment to contractors as the status of work files can be easily known. There will be greater transparency as officials can neither hold payment of those who complete work on time nor show favours to dubious contractors,\" the commissioner said.The system shall provide easy storage and retrieval of information and allow daily and periodic monitoring of projects easily. \"The latest system will make the job of providing information sought under Right to Information Act easier. It will also make audit process hassle free,\" Mishra said.People can also keep an eye on various projects through the system. \"One can easily know which ward got maximum funds and which the lowest over a particular period. This will bring transparency in fair distribution of funds across all wards,\" said Siddharth Pujari, principal consultant of IT project management unit of the civic body.Contractors have welcomed the move. \"If a system ensures payment on time, it will be a big relief for contractors. We are otherwise ready for all kinds of scrutiny of our work,\" said a contractor.Recently, the BMC digitalized its letter dispatch system by introducing e-dispatch facility. BMC already offers online registration of marriage, birth, death and booking of water tankers, cesspool emptier and kalyan mandap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706274", "title": "NCC cadets suffer due to delay in funds release", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Students of the Allahabad University and its affiliated colleges and Central government funded institutions aspiring for a career in the Army through the National Cadets Corps (NCC) have been a disappointed lot since the time of the previous state government ruled by Mayawati as funds for their activities have not been coming in. Students keep appealing to the accounts departments of their respective institutions but to no avail, thus getting deprived of the opportunity to take part in Army attachment camps which are an ideal stepping stone for a career in the armed forces.In a letter sent in December 2011, the state government had mentioned that since the AU was a Central government institute, funding for NCC activities would no longer be by state government and they will have to bear all expenses incurred in the enrolled of cadets in various units.Finance committee of AU had mulled over the issue and approved a proposal of Rs 55 lakh for NCC activities. It was decided that AU would be sending a proposal to the UGC, thereby asking the funding agency to provide the funds required.There are around 500 cadets enrolled under three units-1/15 Infantry Unit, 2 UP Arty Battery and 1 UP Naval. Students of AU, Jagat Taran, Shyama Prasad Mukerjee and Ewing Christian College (ECC) are enrolled in the three units at Allahabad, which is also the zonal headquarter of NCC catering to the needs of various other districts. Of the expenses incurred on the activities of NCC, per cadet, refreshment allowance is provided for each cadet at the rate of Rs 6-the amount has now been revised to Rs 15-per parade for a total of 40 parades. Apart from this, washing allowance of Rs 10 per month is given to each cadet for six months. Rs 888 is spent on each of the two camps in a year and the total expenses comes to Rs 1,776. Apart from these a mess allowance of Rs 800 and honorarium of Rs 3,000 is given to the ANO, etc. Along with these, expenses are also incurred on giving allowances against honorarium and outfit given to lieutenant or others officers.But the university authorities failed to provide the funds within stipulated time. A letter issued by the NCC authorities, requesting for the release of various funds, reached the V-C's office on August 3 and the office approved and forwarded it shortly. Two months have passed but no cheque has been issued by the university authorities of the amount requested.Because of the delay, cadets for B certificate have missed three camps and cadets for C certificates have missed all the important army attachment camps and their drill comprises taking rounds of the accounts office for the release of their allowance.\"If this is the way things are handled in a central university, it is better to study in a college which comes under state government as cadets from these colleges, which are otherwise poorly funded, are fortunate to attend the camps in time thanks to the funds provided by the government,\" said the NCC cadets.Commenting on the matter, AU finance officer Cap P K Singh said, \"The delay in payment was because it would now be made by UGC instead of the state government. The system would be streamlined so that such delay does not repeated. Solving the problem is our top priority and the required cheques would be given away soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16709886", "title": "Don't oppose Blue Star memorial but apply balm of justice to 1984 victims: Rajoana", "text": "JALANDHAR: Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is in death row in Chief Minister Beant Singh assassination case, has said that Congress and BJP in place of opposing the Blue Star memorial, as it would not be a threat to national integration, they should work to bring the culprits of anti Sikh riots of Delhi in November '84. He has also demanded that reality behind the attack on Gen K S Brar should come out.\"In place of scratching the wounds of Sikh community balm of justice should be applied on the wounds of the community,\" Rajoana said in a two page letter written from his cell in Nabha jail and sent through his sister Kamaldeep Kaur.He said that those opposing the memorial had no sympathy for the innocents killed in Operation Blue Star and November 84 but Congress rather honoured the perpetrators of Delhi riots by giving them high posts in the government. \"These killers remained patriots even as they had blood of innocents on their hands,\" he has written while taking a dig at Congress. \"No justice has been given to the victims in the last 28 years,\" he said. \"By using the memorial issue they want to bury the issues of justice for victims of November 84 for ever,\" he argued.Rajoana has even suggested that the attack on Brar was a part of a game-plan Indian intelligence apparatus which was hell bent upon scuttling the memorial and were raising bogey of militancy. \"The community should remain vigilant to such game-plans\" he said.\"It is coming out that Indian Departments were unaware of his visit to London then how could the information reach to the assailants. There is definitely something fishy in it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16706076", "title": "Abhinav Mukund smashes ton in drawn game", "text": "Continuing the run feast, skipper Abhinav Mukund smashed an unbeaten century in the second innings as the second unofficial Test between India 'A' and New Zealand 'A' ended in a drab draw at Lincoln, New Zealand on Saturday.Mukund, who began the fourth day at his individual score of 56, went on to make an unbeaten 132 to lead his side to 246 for four before declaring their second innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705192", "title": "Robbers break in as courier-boys in Garia", "text": "KOLKATA: After the hand-delivery of a parcel bomb, this time it's robbery in the guise of a courier. Robbers with borrowed uniforms and a chloroform-soaked napkin overpowered a home-maker and made off with Rs 4.5 lakh worth of gold jewellery from a house in Garia on Saturday afternoon.This crime will make every family jittery because everyone opens their doors to a courier boy. They are also the most likely to get past apartment security guards. And if he has a parcel in hand, there is no way but to unlock collapsible gates to receive it.Homemaker Kalpana Pan did everything right - she even called her husband to ask if he was expecting a parcel. But the robbers still got to her.The robbers had evidently kept a watch on the Pans to know when Kalpana would be alone, say police. They rang the doorbell at her flat in Tribeni Apartments on Garia Main Road around 1pm on Saturday.Her husband, Anjan, a businessman, was away at work. Their only son was in school. When Kalpana peeped through 'spy-eye' in the door, she saw a youth in a cap, with a sidebag slung across one shoulder. He had a few parcels in his hand and seemed to be sorting through a sheaf of papers.Kalpana opened the door a crack. The youth said that there was a parcel for Anjan Pan.Kalpana asked him to wait and turned to call her husband about the parcel. The call had barely gone through when she felt a handkerchief pressed to her nose and mouth. It had a strong smell and she felt her knees buckle. In seconds, she lost consciousness.Anjan came back home at 2pm to find the front door ajar. As soon as he stepped in, he saw his wife lying unconscious on the floor of the living room. Then he found the two bedrooms ransacked, and an almirah broken open.\"I sprinkled water on my wife's face. She regained consciousness somewhat. She remembers seeing only one person. From the preliminary search, we have found my wife's 15 bhori gold jewellery and Rs 25,000 cash missing from her closet,\" said Anjan. Kalpana is still groggy from the chloroform.After examining the crime scene, police suspect that there were at least two other persons in the gang. While one posed as the courier boy, the others waited round the corner.Anjan later lodged a complaint with Sonarpur police station. Police collected fingerprint samples and are trying to match them with known criminals.Investigators feel the robbers had made a recce of the place. They knew exactly when Kalpana would be all alone in her flat. \"They must have received a tip-off from someone in the building about the jewellery and cash,\" said an officer. Police are also checking where the gang got the chloroform because it is a 'controlled' substance and cannot be sold openly.The courier-boy theft comes less than a week after a hand-delivered parcel bomb blew up in a rights activist's hands in Howrah, killing her and critically injuring her husband. The victim had been getting threats for some time and was careful in her activities. But she suspected nothing when two men came on a bike and handed her a parcel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16705172", "title": "A gift may come your way if you follow traffic rules", "text": "CHENNAI: It's late in the night and you are approaching a traffic signal that shows red. There is no policeman around and not much traffic. Would you jump the signal or be a law-abiding motorist and wait for it to turn green? If you have chosen the second option at any point from October 2 to 8 and are lucky, you could be among the 80 people to receive a surprise gift as part of the 'Joy of giving week' (JGW).The traffic police and volunteers of the police boys and girls club (PBGC) have begun identifying responsible road-users at 73 signals in the city.\"When we stopped those who promptly halted when a signal turned red, including two-wheeler riders and autorickshaw drivers, many were shocked. They didn't know what wrong they had committed. MTC bus drivers are among the regular traffic violators in the city so when we stopped a bus on Anna Salai for following the traffic rules, the passengers travelling in it were surprised. They questioned us. We usually collect the addresses and mobile phone numbers of the disciplined road users and promise them gifts,\" K Perumal, a traffic policeman said.PBGC coordinator Mythili Sriram said volunteers had been asked to assist the traffic police at the identified locations to \"pick up\" road users following the rules. \"There may be several law-abiding citizens on the roads, but we have decided to identify a total of 80 people at 73 traffic signals through the week,\" she said.A volunteer said the gifts will include helmets and T-Shirts. \"Auto drivers, MTC drivers halting behind the stop line, two-wheeler riders wearing helmets, car drivers wearing seat belts and stopping at the stop line and pedestrians are among the lucky few who will get gifts,\" he said.As part of the JGW, PBGC volunteers will on October 8 collect plastic waste from their respective areas and hand over them to the Chennai Corporation for road-laying work in the city. The campaign will be conducted jointly with the Chennai Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705681", "title": "Walk-in interview at Kerala varsity", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A walk-in interview to appoint programmers on contract basis in the Institute of Distance Education of the Kerala University will be held at 10.30am on October 8 at the office of the pro-vice-chancellor. Aspirants below the age of 35 years as on January 1, 2012 can appear for the interview. The monthly remuneration will be Rs 18, 000. The details regarding qualification and work experience are available in the website www.keralauniversity.ac.in.Seats vacant: Seats are vacant for the advanced certificate course in functional English and public speaking course offered by the Centre for Adult Continuing Education and Extension, beginning from October 13. Those who have passed plus two or pre-degree can apply. Classes will be held on Saturday and Sunday. Those interested should contact the centre at the PMG student centre or call: 0471-2302523.Exam postponed: The fourth semester MSc Physics practical exam, originally scheduled for October 12, has been postponed to October 22.Viva: The viva of the fourth semester MA politics exam will be conducted at the University College on October 18 and at SN College, Kollam on October 19. Detailed timetable is available in the website www.keralauniversity.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706113", "title": "Experts speak at MNNIT meet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At the ongoing AMS-2012 here at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNI), the second day activity included lecture by Prof Shripad M Garge, IIT Bombay on 'Schur-Weyl duality for special orthogonal groups'. He dedicated his talk to Prof B L Banwari Lal Sharma a great mathematician of Allahabad.Head of the Department of Mathematics from Visweswariah National Institute of Technology Nagpur Prof G P Singh delivered his talk on 'Cosmological Models of the Universe' attracted the attention of participants of the conference to its utility in GPS technology in cars, etc.Harishchandra Research Institute Allahabad's Dr Manoj K Yadav delivered a lecture on 'Capable Groups' and discussed some basic properties and demonstrated classification of groups with finite cyclic commutator subgroup. Prof V K Katiyar from IIT Roorkee delivered an impressive talk on bio-mathematics and described how mathematics is involved in health system of human body using many mathematical equations. tnnDr Ayaz Ahmad from NIT Patna delivered his talk on 'Scattering of Thermo elastic wave at boundary of a micro-polar semi space'. Later, the research scholars from all parts of the country presented their papers in parallel sessions in their respective research areas.Convener Dr Shiv Datt Kumar, Head of the department of Mathematics at MNNIT thanked Prof R D Giri and Prof Pitam Singh for accepting to be chairpersons of different talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705613", "title": "Zoo chimp\u2019s enclosure revamped", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur zoo officials have successfully completed the enclosure enrichment exercise at the chimpanzee enclosure at the zoo. The exercise, part of a larger programme to improve the enclosures at the zoo, would help the chimpanzee stay active in the same way as it would have in the wild.The chimpanzee belongs to the family hominae and its DNA resembles humans' by 94%.Termed one the most intelligent animals in the world, it can use tools to simplify its day to day activities. To keep the animal engaged and playful, the zoo authorities have installed two large fallen Sheesham trees from Allen forest inside the chimp's enclosure. A strong rope connects the top two branches and has been tied to facilitate the animal's activity.Old tyres have also been placed in the chimpanzee's enclosure to further give the animal a chance to swing and swirl whenever it is in a playful mood. The additions in the enclosure have already started keeping the animal busy who visitors said seemed pleased with the renovation.Talking to TOI, the director of the zoo K Praveen Rao said the enclosure enrichment techniques are a way to keep the animals busy and active. \"Several other enclosure enrichment techniques would be used in the enclosure of the different zoo inmates. This is just the start and visitors will see a lot of changes in the animals' enclosures in the days to come,\" Rao said.The chimpanzee belongs to the family hominae and its DNA resembles humans' by 94%. Termed one the most intelligent animals in the world, it can use tools to simplify its day to day activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705202", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation goes slow on sewerage project", "text": "KOLKATA: Five years ago, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had undertaken an ambitious Rs 500-crore sewerage upgrade project to save large parts of the city from waterlogging. Five years down the line, the civic authorities have, however, been able to implement its plans only in few pockets of Kolkata.Recent spells of heavy showers have revealed that while stretches of APC Road, AJC Bose Road and Canning Street experienced less waterlogging, large parts of Ballygunge Circular Road, Sunny Park, Hazra Road, Syed Amir Ali Avenue went under knee-deep water. Similarly, large parts of Rashbehari Avenue and adjoining roads such as Sarat Bose Road and Lake View Road are getting heavily waterlogged due to non-completion of work on Rashbehari Avenue.A senior KMC drainage department official conceded that the multi-crore project undertaken under the JNNURM had its effect in some areas while other thoroughfares had been badly hit due to a slow progress.Ruchira Ray, a resident of Tollygunge, complained that Rashbehari Avenue gets waterlogged even after a light drizzle. \"Even tram services were withdrawn from this road to facilitate desilting of the sewer lines. Work is going on for the last five years, god knows why,\" she fumed.Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC, alleged that the project was getting delayed for want of supervision. \"We want the Trinamool-run civic board to look after basic amenities. Beautification of the city comes later,\" Bagchi argued.A civic official, however, said the project was nearing completion both at Rashbehari Avenue and Hazra Road. \"We had to stop work since the civic authorities terminated a contractor engaged in the project. Work is on full swing after the re-tendering process got over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705508", "title": "Initiate judicial probe against Vadra, says Anna", "text": "PUNE: Anna Hazare on Saturday sought to know why a judicial probe was not being ordered if the allegations made by India Against Corruption (IAC) activists against Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law, Robert Vadra, were false.The Gandhian's remarks come a day after IAC activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan alleged that realty giant DLF gave properties to Vadra at grossly undervalued rates in exchange for favours it allegedly received from Congress state governments in Haryana, Rajasthan and Delhi.\"They (Congress leaders) should show the courage to face a probe. And, if the allegations turn out to be false, file a defamation case against Arvind,\" Hazare told reporters at his native village Ralegan Siddhi.Congress leaders have refuted the allegations and accused Kejriwal and Bhushan of \"blackmail\" and claimed they were violating the basic principles of decency. DLF has said that the transactions were done in conformity with the highest standards of ethics.The social activist slammed the Congress leaders who have claimed that the allegations against Vadra have been made in view of the forthcoming elections. \"The argument is baseless. They (Congress leaders) do not want to go for a probe,\" said Hazare.\"The world knows and the country has seen that many Congress leaders lie. Earlier, when corruption charges were made against 15 ministers, they said that there was no substance in the charges. However, after that, the names of two ministers cropped up, the Colgate scam was exposed,\" said Hazare.Hazare said the Union government constituted a joint committee on the issue of Jan Lokpal bill , but later they lied and changed their stand. \"The bill was sent to the standing committee, but the government did a U-turn later and lied,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16705333", "title": "The mythical dozen to play tour guides", "text": "THRISSUR: The twelve of them were all born in the same womb. But they grew up in 12 different hearths practising 12 different castes to tell exciting stories of the Parayi petta panthirukulam to Keralam.Centuries after they became history, the clan of Parayi is making a comeback to usher tourists through the landscape where they were born and brought up. The tourism department is developing a circuit connecting the 12 different places on the banks of Bharathapuzha, where each of these mythological characters once lived.The circuit will also link temples dedicated to them. The places identified by Palakkad DTPC include Mezhathole Agnihotri's Vemancheri Mana in Thrithala, Pakkanar Colony or Erattinkkal Colony, Kadavallur, where Rajakan instituted a learning centre, Rayiranelloor Hill, where Naranath Bhranthan was chained, Kavalapara Palace, where Karakkal Maatha, lone sister in the Panthirukulam clan was brought up, Akavoor Chathan's Vellarapilly near Aluva, Vaduthala Nair's Kundooly Nair family in Thrithala, Ponnani where Uppukottan was brought up, Perumthachan's Uliyannur and a hill in Kadampazhipuram where Vayillakunnilappan was consecrated.\"In the first phase, places coming under the three constituencies of Pattambi, Thrithala and Sreekrishnapuram will be connected,'' DTPC secretary T A Padmakumar said.C P Mohammed, Pattambi MLA, said: \"Tourism minister has given in-principle approval to the project. We will soon form a panel comprising historians to study the possibility and open the circuit for tourists and students of Kerala history.''Tourism secretary Suman Billa told TOI that developing a circuit was more economical than giving facelift to a single tourist spot.\"Circuits are designed to attract long-haul visitors. We had done a living heritage project at Kalpathi where agraharams (Tamil Brahmin settlements) were showcased. We are taking a page out of that project to develop the Panthirukulam circuit,\" Suman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704931", "title": "Use tech to increase animal produce: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Though we have acquired the best technologies available, the question daunting the animal husbandry sector of the country for the last few decades is proper utilization of these advances. If used rightly, technology can increase the production of important animal produce which can contribute a lot to sustainable food security in the country, say experts.Some eminent veterinary scientists of the country had come to Nagpur Veterinary College for a seminar on 'Role of physiologists in veterinary profession' under the aegis of Society of Animal Pathologists of India (SAPI). Discussing the various ongoing research activities going on in the country, these experts stressed the importance of the basic subjects like physiology. Dr AK Mishra, vice-chancellor of Maharashtra Animal Husbandry and Fisheries University (MAFSU) was the guest of honour. Dean of the college Dr Abdul Samad spoke about the relevance of physiology to veterinary clinicians.\"Though we have revolutionized production through cooperative movements, it has only contributed to the producers of these products. But it has not upped the mass production,\" said Dr JD Honmode, former in-charge vice-chancellor and dean faculty at Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth. He gave an example from Russia , where the sperms of the best male sheep were used in many females so that the offspring produces high-quality wool. \"This revolutionized the entire wool industry of the country by enhancing the produce manifold,\" he added.\"In India, the white revolution did bring together the producers but the overall production has not increased. Chicken, eggs, meat and other animal products can also be produced in a big number for the benefit of the farmers,\" said Dr Honmode.Agreed Dr UK Mishra, vice-chancellor of Anjora Durg-based Chhattisgarh Kamdhenu Vishwavidyalaya. \"With more people turning meat eaters and the huge deficit of protein-based food items like dal, cereals in the country, mass production of these items can help us reach sustainable food security. There are many technological advances that we have mastered but failed to use properly,\" he said.Among the techniques that can be used, Dr Mishra counts in vitro fertilization, stem cell, cloning and embryo transfer. \"Many of these can be used to manipulate the reproductive systems of the animals so as to increase the produce. Those animals which have high yielding capacity can be either duplicated genetically or their genes can be passed on to the next generation to increase their number,\" he said.The knowledge of the basic physiology of animals, however, can make all the difference in utilizing these technologies and deciding the direction of future research, they stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708056", "title": "Round 1 of Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012", "text": "Round 1 of the Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012 contest ended with a bang at the Phoenix Mall in the city. And since this one happened to be an open audition, we saw the best and the most confident of the fresh faces in Lucknow trying their luck.Lucknow 's Got Talent: On display was a virtual barrage of talent with youngsters showcasing nifty dance moves, mellifluous singing and a host of other tricks up their sleeve. The event saw girls dressed to the nines, participating in the show that has the city's hottest radio station, Radio Mirchi 98.3 FM as its radio partner. An impromptu rendition of gems like Tinka, Tinka... by Parul Awasthi as she played the guitar was much appreciated.Pep Talk: Emcee Madhukar's superb cajoling interspersed with some below-the-belt jokes did much to pep up the crowd. But the loudest laughs came when Madhukar lined up all the contestants before the first round and made them enact lines of some of Bollywood's famed characters. \"Hum angrezon ke zamaaney ke jailor hain,\" had one of the contestants imitating Asrani.Bebo On Loop: Halkat Jawani seemed quite a favourite with DJ Nik and Madhukar, who kept asking for it to be played on loop.Winning Move: Shivangi Singh, with her unmatched dancing and singing skills, was unarguably adjudged the winner, while Akash Joshi's smart impersonation of many actors won him the top spot. Fresh-faced Menka and the nifty limbed Rohan became the first runners up while MubashiraKhan and Vishal Dixit walked away with the second runners up titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16705699", "title": "Wipro office in Mysore ransacked", "text": "MYSORE: A bunch of activists on Saturday ransacked the Mysore facility of Wipro allegedly because the company's employees didn't support the Karnataka bandh over Cauvery. However, no police complaint has been filed.About a dozen protesters, supposedly belonging to a Kannada organization, barged into the IT company's campus in the Metagalli Industrial Area and damaged flowerpots, a glass teapoy, a glass door and LCDs screens before leaving, a source said.On learning that the Wipro facility was functioning despite the bandh, the protesters arrived at the spot at 8am and requested employees to stop work and join their protest. When the employees didn't pay heed, the protesters vented their ire by ransacking the facility. About 200 employees left the campus.A police officer said the Wipro facility functions round the clock, in shifts. About 300 persons were at work when the attack occurred.Wipro authorities have not complained to police so far about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704338", "title": "17-year-old gulps poison after mother's rebuke", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old boy consumed insecticide at his Dahisar (E) residence on Saturday, reportedly after being reprimanded by his mother for not studying.The teenager was recuperating in a hospital, police said.On Saturday afternoon, the youngster's mother scolded him for not studying and wasting his time by television or playing with friends.After his family members discovered that he had consumed an insecticide, they rushed him to a local hospital, where doctors said he was out of danger.The Dahisar police are contemplating whether to slap charges of attempt to commit suicide on the youngster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704243", "title": "Battered baby\u2019s father blames destiny, says he tried to help wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after his wife's arrest for battering their baby daughter Aahuti, resulting in her death, Kalpesh Joshi says he has been unable to understand what drove her to such a drastic state.Kalpesh, a garment trader, told police he had done everything possible to ensure that his wife, Dharmishta, got time to look after their newborn daughter.He said he had also asked his younger sister, Sheetal, to move in with them at their Gorai home so that Dharmishta would not have to do the housework all by herself.Aahuti succumbed to fractures to her skull, ribs and spine, besides internal bleeding, at KEM Hospital on October 1. During her six-hour interrogation on Thursday, Dharmishta admitted that she had battered the baby as she was crying incessantly. Kalpesh, who was away watching Ganpati immersion, says he was unaware of the battering. Doctors at KEM Hospital had repeatedly inquired with Kalpesh and Dharmishta as to how their daughter sustained such serious injuries, but the couple had maintained they did not know.\"Had I been aware how Aahuti had been injured and the nature of her injuries, I would have told doctors at KEM Hospital on September 24, the very day that she was admitted. I believe what has happened was my destiny,\" Kalpesh told the police in his statement. Kalpesh has been spending a lot of time hanging around at the Borivli police station where Dharmishta is lodged in the lock-up.Kalpesh and Dharmishta also have a one-year-old daughter, Devhuti. Asked if his wife had ever beaten any of the kids in his presence, Kalpesh said she would reprimand them sometimes, like all mothers do. \"I was very keen that my daughters be looked after properly. I had told Dharmishta that if she wasn't able to do so, arrangements could be made to send the kids to our hometown in Gujarat where elders in the family would take care of them,\" he said. Family members hinted to the cops that when Dharmishta conceived a second time, the couple wasn't prepared for having more children.Dharmishta is likely to be sent for psychological profiling at a public hospital. The Borivli police have completed recording statements of doctors at the Shivani medical centre in Gorai, where Aahuti was rushed on September 23, after the battering. Doctors noticed that Aahuti had trouble breathing and put her on oxygen support, before shifting her to KEM.Kalpesh also told police that he and his wife did not flee the city after Aahuti's death. \"It's a custom in their community that each relative visits the family of the deceased. As Kalpesh's home at Gorai was too tiny, he and his wife decided to travel to Gujarat themselves and meet each relative,\" senior inspector Bhagwan Chate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705609", "title": "Inert admin, active denizens - Locals clean ramlila grounds", "text": "KANPUR: While most of the city based Ramlila committees are waiting for municipal authorities to clean their local Ramlila and Dussehra Mela grounds, the Ramlila authorities of KDA Bazar, Lal Bangla and Geeta Nagar found a unique way to maintain their parks. Here at these places, the locals themselves have taken initiative to clean the grounds.Alone in city, as many as 17 different Ramlila committees have come up in past few years that stage their performances in areas like Parade, Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, Babupurwa, Geeta Nagar, Lalbangla to name a few.Both the locals and Ramlila committee members are very unhappy with the lackadaisical attitude of the municipal and administrative authorities of the city who even after making complaints are not paying heed to their requests. Hence, the people themselves came forward to fight a war against dirty parks and idle authorities.\"As this festival is celebrated widely, its moral and official responsibility of Municipal corporation and district administration to provide proper place and support to conduct these events. But its, sad that here in the city, both these departments are busy making money and are doing nothing for locals,\" said a member of Geeta Nagar Ramlila committee.He added that after waiting for weeks and making several complaints regarding poor condition of Geeta Nagar Ramlila ground, no efforts were made from the side of municipal corporation. After, which the committee members and locals themselves came forward to clean the ground as much as they can.\"Even local corporators are unable to raise their voice against this callous attitude of municipal and administrative authorities.The local support and effort was the last option for us and it did a miracle. The ground is 60% clean in just two days but we are helpless in filling the pond-sized caved-ins inside the ground and potholed roads nearby,\" said Anil Bajpai, Secretory, Geeta Nagar Ramlila committee.Apart from cleaning the grounds, the residents also dissuaded citizens from throwing garbage inside the park.As part of the drive, the area people and Ramlila committee members have also decided to collect funds and make temporary road for easy reach to ground.Similar is the scene at KDA Bazar Ramlila ground in Lal Bangla where locals cleaned the ground for Ramlila and Dussehra mela after seeing poor attitude of municipal corporation regarding the cleanliness issue. The locals also made mockery of municipal department by saying that they are unable to manage their own Mootijheel and Kargil parks, which are in bad shape then its waste to expect them to maintain ours.\"With an idea is to give something back to the community, the local people, private sanitary workers and Ramlila committee members not only cleaned the ground but also sensitize people about hygiene and cleanliness in the locality. It is since past three days, no one has thrown garbage in the ground,\" informed Shiv Gopal Kushwaha, President, KDA Bazar Ramlila committee.Tallest effigy at Parade groundVarious ramlila committees have geared up their preparations for the gala celebration of the festival of Dussehra. Some 54 ramlila committees will be organising the grand Dusshera function in the city. The Parade Ram Lila committee is considered to be the city's biggest committee. The committee is famous for making the tallest effigies of 'Ravana' in the city. VK Agarwal, a dignitary of Parade ramlila committee said that in the year 2007, the tallest effigy made in the city was 80 feet tall and was burnt in Parade ground. He said that this year too the effigy of Ravana is 80 feet tall.Agarwal further said, \"This year too the tallest effigy of Ravana will be erected at Parade ground only. Its height is 80 feet. Mahendra Kumar Shukla, Convener Publicity Cell of the Parade ramlila committee said that artistes from Chaturved Ramlila Manch from Mathura will be performing ramlila on stage. \"The ramlila will begin from October 14 and will go on till Bharat Milap scheduled to be held on October 25. Next day a Shobha Yatra will be taken out through the city roads marking the end of the Ramlila\", said Shukla further. He also informed that from October 21 to 24, fireworks would be held at Parade ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16705651", "title": "Raid on mobile phone shops in Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: Police have intensified the monitoring and surveillance at mobile shops in the district in the wake of the deluge of complaints regarding sale of SIM cards and rental of smart mobile phones and memory cards with porn clips to school students.The city police, in a raid conducted on hundreds of shops from Karunagappally to Paravoor on Thursday seized several phones and memory cards.Sources said that circulation of mobile porn clips has been a fast growing business around the schools in the city and outskirts. The trend surfaced after police tightened their vigil over internet cafes. A student can avail smart phones with memory cards of his choice by paying a sum varies from Rs 150 to 500 according to the model they choose. He can use the phone for a day. The shop owners will give additional benefits to loyal customers. Moreover, they would also be provided with free SIM cards which the cellular service companies offer for free.According to special branch ACP T F Xavier, no cases have been registered till date in connection with the raid, but the police have warned the shopkeepers of stringent action if found continuing with this business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705774", "title": "Zoo tightens security after lion den breach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nandankanan authorities tightened security in the zoo on Saturday after a person was seriously injured after being mauled by a pair of lions when he jumped into their enclosure on Friday. One more security man was deployed in front of the seven carnivore enclosures housing 24 tigers and three lions, zoo sources said.\"There was no security lapse on our part on Friday. The safety and security measures taken for animals and visitors in the zoo are adequate and as per the guidelines of the Central Zoo Authority of India. But to be more alert after the incident, we deployed an extra guard in front of the carnivore enclosures. We are also discussing what more can be done to prevent such incidents,\" said deputy director of the zoo, C R Mishra.There are 45 security men engaged at the zoo sprawling over 400 acres of land, three safaris and 101 enclosures. Besides, there are nearly 210 animal keepers and helpers to take care of over 2,000 animals and birds belonging to 120 species. Every day around 10,000 to 15,000 visitors come to the zoo and the footfall increases substantially tourist season spanning from September to March. At least 25 lakh people visit the zoo every year, zoo sources said.\"There is no fixed guideline that how many security guards will be deployed. Moreover, it is not practically possible to engage a guard for each animal or enclosure. We ask our staff to remain alert 24X7 and keep strict vigil on trespassers,\" said assistant director of the zoo K L Purohit.However, zoo staff said there is need for more trained animal keepers and helpers in the zoo. \"We are overburdened with work as there is acute shortage of staff to take care of a huge number of animals. But the authorities are not listening to us,\" said an animal keeper requesting anonymity.In January 2012, a lioness had slipped out of her enclosure and the authorities took around 30 hours to capture the animal. In November 2011, a tiger had come out of his enclosure while being fed.\"Our facilities are being reviewed every year by the Central Zoo Authority of India. All the designs of our enclosures have been approved by the apex body and before taking any constructional change in the zoo we have to take CZA's approval,\" Mishra pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705848", "title": "Right To Information appeal disposal drive by Gujarat Information Commission in Surat faces hiccups", "text": "SURAT: A large number of applicants did not turn up at the mass Right To Information (RTI) appeal disposal drive organized by Gujarat Information Commission (GIC) at Indoor Stadium here on Saturday.At least 770 cases had been proposed for disposal. It was planned to bring the RTI applicants and the concerned government officials on one table and resolve the issue. Further, the number of disposed cases was low. GIC officials refused to reveal the data. \"We will have to scrutinize each case only then will we be able to share details about the number of cases disposed of,\" a GIC official said.Of the total 770 cases of Surat, Tapi, Navsari, Valsad and Dang, finally 668 cases were tabled. Officers concerned were present only in 628 cases. Those RTI appeals were considered which were pending with GIC since 2009.In the first round, of the 220 cases, applicants in only 80 cases were present, while public information officers (PIO) and appellate officers (AO) were present in 101 cases. In the second round, applicants from Valsad, Navsari, Dang and Tapi were included in which 223 total cases were tabled of which PIO and AO were present in 198 cases. Only 64 applicants were present.\"The reason for less number of applicants may be that many of them may have got the required information. A few would not have come as they may have lost interest. Some applicants also avoid discussion with government officers,\" another GIC official said.A majority of applicants returned without getting satisfactory responses to their appeals. \"The RTI Act states that the PIO and AO should be punished for not providing information within 30 days. However, the GIC is trying to dispose of the three-year-old cases without punishing the guilty officer,\" an RTI activist Dipak Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705954", "title": "Boost for paramedic posts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government on Saturday decided to appoint paramedical professionals as per Indian public health standard (IPHS), an Indian government-set norm, at the earliest. Chairing a high-level government meeting, chief minister Naveen Patnaik directed the officials to increase number of seats in government training centres of the paramedics and encourage opening up of private centres. As per IPHS norms, Odisha needs to create 3859 more posts of auxiliary nurse midwifery (ANM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705175", "title": "Police want more security for ATM cash", "text": "KOLKATA: After probing the Rs 18-lakh theft from an ATM at Sakherbazar in August this year, where a maintenance employee was involved, cops have now turned to all stakeholders who deal with bank cash to plug the loopholes.Police have suggested banks to install GPRS system in the cash vans so that it can be monitored all along. They asked the banks to apprise local police stations in case of any unscheduled movement of the vans. Even for scheduled movement, police asked all stakeholders - banks, maintenance service providers and the cash-carrying agencies - to inform police about the route of the vans in advance. \"If we have knowledge about their movement, it will be easy for us to prevent any crime,\" said a senior police officer.Around 20 public and private banks, 22 MSPs and more than 10 cash-carrying agencies attended the meeting.Speaking about the quality of weapons used by the guards in the vans and the ATMs, UBI security assistant general manager Captain Tapas Bandyopadhyay said the quality of those weapons must improve. On installation of GPRS system in the vans, he suggested there should be some centralized monitoring system.Joint CP (Crime) Pallav Kanti Ghosh said: \"We are trying to upgrade the system to secure people's money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709191", "title": "Rohit Purohit returns to TV with Life OK's next?", "text": "It's been a long hiatus audience has not witnessed Rohit Purohit's presence on small screen. After essaying a lead in Zee TV's Sanskaar Lakshmi and a pivotal role in Chandragupta Maurya, this young lad got busy with his fitness regime and it seems its time for his return on small screen.Yes , you heard it correct! If sources are to be believed then Rohit Purohit is all set to return to TV with Endemol India's next project for Life OK.Along with Endemol India, as reports suggests, Film Farm Production is also producing a show for the same channel, titled Savitri, which marks the return of Riddhi Dogra, Yash Pandit and Angad Hasija to small screen. With roping known faces from small screen, the channel is aiming to grab larger eye balls in its nearing future which will lead to an increase in the GRPs for sure.A source close to Rohit informs that Rohit was contemplating between few offers from good production houses but finally took up Endemol's family drama, which has a good character and a better scope for acting.When contacted, Rohit Purohit remained unavailable for comments.We wish Rohit for his return!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16705549", "title": "Govt school notebooks include power saving tips on back-flap", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Priya, a class 3 student of the corporation primary school at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University campus is trying to piece together the words and read the text on the back-flap of the newly distributed school notebooks in the district. The fresh set of books distributed in the second term includes literature on the importance of saving power at both school and home. There are sketches of electrical appliances and gadgets that should be judicially used to save power. These include the TV, a freebie of the previous DMK regime and table fan, doled out by the AIADMK.\"Tips on power saving methods will hopefully make kids aware of the energy crisis and encourage them to use it cautiously. They will also think twice before they use luxury electrical gadgets,\" said T Rajendran, Chief Education Officer, Coimbatore.Using Tiruvalluvar's famous statement that water is the source of all life, the message asks people to consider power in the same light and use it judiciously as it is an integral part of life. Children are told that one unit of power saved is equivalent to an additional unit of power produced. The initial batch of notebooks distributed in June also carried the power saving tips. \"I have read the tips and I will go home and tell my parents,\" said R Bhuvaneswari, a class 5 student of the same school.Teachers said that 'power saving tips' and the importance of power have emerged as the major themes in most school drawing competitions and extra curricular activities. C RajaRajeshwari, a class 5 student had drawn the importance of tapping solar energy.As many as 1,80,766 note books were distributed to students of class I to class VIII in the city on Thursday, said education department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708862", "title": "I am not overworking: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Having acted in over 180 films in the last four decades and being active on the small screen as well, megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who will turn 70 soon, feels he is not overworking himself.Bachchan says he can't think of slowing down more and that he would continue to work as long as he is healthy.\"The definition of slowdown might not be the same for all. For every person this yardstick will differ. At this point of time I don't think I am overworking myself. If people are expecting me to slowdown, in my eyes I would be losing on work. I am comfortable with the kind of work that I am doing,\" Bachchan told .After making is film debut with Saat Hindustani (1969), the veteran actor's last release was Department this year.\"I don't aspire for anything. If something falls in my lap I would be happy to accept it. I would continue working according to wishes and expectations of the audience. So long as I am healthy and mobile I would try doing some work.\"I don't make resolutions in terms of roles, I am not in a state to make resolutions because I am 70 now and obviously I can't play a 30-year-old. So whatever is offered to me, I do those kinds of roles. The offerings are obviously of a senior citizen, elderly doctor, judge, that kind of stuff,\" he added. In February last year, Bachchan was hospitalised due to abdominal pain and had to undergo a surgery.On October 11 he would turn 70, but the number does not scare him at all. \"No (it does not scare me), why it should it? I can't understand why people consider 70 (years) to be some kind of landmark or something, why not 71 or 69,\" Bachchan said.\"Since I have a job to do I have to honor it; it is a commitment. I get up in the morning because I have commitments to work and I have to be there at particular time.\"I have to take out time from my normal routine including getting ready, going to gym, and then to work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704230", "title": "Crisis of funds emerges as key issue at CoP", "text": "HYDERABAD: One of the primary challenges facing members of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) who are set to gather for the two-week long Conference of Parties (CoP-11), which opens in the city on October 8, is the mobilization of funds for conservation and protection of the environment.Considering the current economic crisis and the virtually global impact it has had, the CBD is slated to discuss just how it would take its work on promoting and protecting biodiversity forward over the next few years. \"It will be a very difficult issue. But we are hoping we will be able to rope in private organisations, apart from national governments, to address the crisis,\" said Braulio Ferreira de Souza Diaz, executive secretary of the CBD, listing out the primary agenda of CoP-11 at a news briefing on Saturday.Apart from the budget, the deliberations opening next week will focus, among other things, on marine and coastal biodiversity, ecosystem restoration, climate change and conservation of protected areas. Rounds of discussions will also be held around the 20-point 'Aichi Targets' - drawn up at the last edition of the conference (CoP-10) in Japan.These targets highlight the CBD's strategic 10-year plan (2011-20) and the measures that the convention intends to implement over this period in order to arrest the loss of biodiversity, which in turn would ensure that \"by 2020 ecosystems are resilient and continue to provide essential services, thereby securing the planet's variety of life and contributing to human well-being and poverty eradication\".\"Biodiversity should not be looked at as a problem but an opportunity to create jobs and improve livelihoods. It should become the primary asset of countries who must work towards the sustainable development of biodiversity,\" Diaz said. adding, \"Indigenous communities in countries with key biodiversity reserves should benefit from its use.\"Giving a sneak peek into the fine print inthe core agenda, Diaz said that issues like restoration of depleting fisheries stock, enhancing of coral reef protection, reduction in the introduction of invasive species, etc. will form part of the discussions over the next two weeks. Special attention will be given to the 13.4% protected area that supports one-fourth of the world's livelihood.\"It holds 25% of the carbon emitted too. Yet less than 30% of it has a proper management plan,\" saidSarat Babu Gidda, programme officer (protected areas) of CBD, said quoting from CBD statistics that, in India, roughly 5% of the total land area was under protected zones. That comprises 530 wildlife sanctuaries and 85 national parks.Further, CoP-11 will also take stock of the status of implementation of the Nagoya Protocol on access and benefit-sharing (ABS) of biodiversity adopted by its members at the 2010 conference. Ratified by only six countries so far, CBD is hopeful of getting the needed numbers (50 countries) by 2015 to be able to enforce the protocol. \"A dozen more countries are in the final stage of ratification and we are hoping they will come on board soon,\" CBD officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705593", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation demolishes illegal buildings in Karvenagar, Warje", "text": "PUNE: On the sixth day of its demolition drive, the Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC) on Saturday brought down illegal construction spread over 20,000 sq ft in Warje and Karvenagar areas.The PMC began its drive on Monday, a week after an illegal building in Taljai Pathar area had collapsed killing 11 people.\"There was no major opposition by the locals during the demolition drive in Warje and Karvenagar. The PMC has issued show-cause notice to 13 illegal constructions in these areas and the drive will continue till next week,\" Sudhir Kadam, PMC's executive engineer (building department), told reporters.\"The civic administration is not restricting the action to one particular area. The drive will be carried out across the city and will continue till all illegal structures are brought down,\" said Kadam.On Monday, illegal constructions spread over about 25,000 sq ft on Satara Road were demolished. On Tuesday, the PMC razed illegal buildings spread over an area of 23,000 sq ft. Nagar Road and Gokhalenagar areas were included in the drive on Wednesday.The civic department claimed to have demolished 18 buildings spread over 30,000 sq ft across the city on Wednesday. On Thursday, the PMC official carried out the drive in Pashan, Baner and Wadgaonsheri zones and demolished illegal constructions spread over 28,000 sq ft, including five buildings. Illegal construction spread over 38,500 sq ft in Kalas and Dhanori areas were demolished on Friday.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709442", "title": "Nisha Aggarwal goes to Bollywood", "text": "Looks like Nisha Aggarwal's performance in Telugu films like Emaindi Ee Vela and Solo has caught the attention of Bollywood filmmaker Anil Mattoo as he ropes in the actress for his next film. Nisha Aggarwal, the younger sister of Kajal, has finally earned a ticket to Bollywood and would share the screen space with the likes of Shreyas Talpade , Nana Patekar , Zayed Khan , etc. Anil, who earlier directed Yeshwant and Game, approached Nisha with the script and has got the nod from the actress.The untitled film will be a complete entertainer, in which Nisha will be seen as a playful girl. She is expected to join the sets in the last week of October. The actress is currently working on couple of Telugu films - Alias Janaki and Sukumarudu and would soon be paired opposite Varun Sandesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16704024", "title": "China Open: Sania Mirza-Nuria Llagostera Vives pair loses to Russian combo", "text": "BEIJING: India's Sania Mirza and Spain's Nuria Llagostera Vives - seeded fourth in the women's doubles event of the China Open - failed to carry their early form into the final, falling to the third-seeded Russian combine of Elena Vesnina and Ekaterina Makarova 5-7, 5-7 on a chilly night at the Olympic Grounds facility.At the end of the 95-minute encounter, the Russian pair were richer by $290,800 and 1000 WTA ranking points, while Sania and Nuria settled for $145,445 and 700 points.The Indo-Spanish pair started well, breaking Vesnina in the opening game of the match to take a 3-1 lead. At this point, the fifth-seeds looked good as team, showing that their coordination extended beyond their ice-blue tennis skirts.If Sania called the shots from the back of the court, Nuria was quick and sharp at the net, dissecting and dominating.The Russians then had little choice but to dig in and they responded magnificently with Makarova leading the way with some powerful hitting from the back of the court that saw the third seeds reel off four games in a row to take a 4-3 lead.Sania and Nuria then had a chance to close out the set in the tenth game with Sania serving, but that was not to be as the 25-year-old Hyderbadi was broken at 30.Nuria, 32 from Mallorca, who posed in the nude for Spanish magazine Interviu four summers ago in a bid to attract sponsors, was broken in the 12th game, the break finally punctuating the roller-coaster first set.Vesnina and Makarova seemed to carry the advantage into the second set, storming to a 4-0 lead. With their backs to the wall, the fifth seeds fought back superbly to level scores at 4-4. The next three games went with serve before Sania was broken in the 12th game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705031", "title": "Mammooty plans to quit CPM-run TV channel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Unhappy over the functioning of the CPM-backed Kairali channel, actor Mammootty is planning to quit as the chairman of Malayalam Communications Ltd. Mammootty, who was re-elected as chairman of the firm last week, is learnt to have conveyed his decision to CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan.\"Pinarayi Vijayan asked Mammootty not to take a unilateral decision and sought time for addressing his grievances. He may meet Mammootty to discuss issues,\" said a source.The CPM leadership also initiated corrective actions that included shuffling of top officials of Kairali channel to pacify Mammootty. However, sources close to Mammotty said the actor had almost made up his mind and would stick to his decision. It is reliably learnt that Mammootty has passed the message to some of his trusted colleagues in the channel and even asked a film star who was anchoring a show in the channel to wind up it by next week.What had irked Mammootty was the never ending feud between two sections in the channel. The chairman was totally unhappy over the ways of P T Kunhumohammed, who is a director of the company and is in charge of the programmes. Many of his suggestions on improving the programmes had been ignored by PT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16705430", "title": "Suspected man-eater crocodile trapped", "text": "VADODARA: It was a sheer 'primeval' fear that people of Kodaravaya village in Waghodia taluka, foresters and wildlife NGOs felt when they took their first look at the 13-feet-long giant of a crocodile, allegedly a man-eater, when it tried to break the cage it was caught in, on Saturday morning.The reptile is believed to be the one which had killed a teenager, Kaushalya on September 29, brought to mind images of another man-eater, but much-larger and ferocious 20-feet plus sized, Nile crocodile of Burundi , named Gustave. It was the central feature of 2007-make, Hollywood movie 'Primeval', after it assumed the reputation of having killed over 300 humans in the war-torn country.The one caught at Kodaravaya village was no match for Gustave, and nobody knows the headcount of this reptile's human victims, if any, other than the teenager-- whose body was found a day later with two feet and a hand missing, which were presumably eaten by the crocodile-but its sight was enough to send a chill down their spine, especially when it broke the iron-meshed trap in aggression.\"I have never seen such a huge crocodile,\" said R Wadhavana, a volunteer with a wildlife NGO who has rescued many crocodiles in and around Vadodara. \"It must have weighed almost 300 kg and 25-30 people had to help lift the cage on to the tractor.\" Local forester O J Garia, who later took the crocodile to Vanchetna Kendra in Darjipura also said, that he had not seen this huge a crocodile in his entire career.The crocodile was trapped after a long wait of aboutfour days after TOI highlighted the villagers' ultimatum that they would kill the reptile themselves if the forest department did not catch it. The crocodile, with two other small ones, had moved into their village pond about two months ago, reportedly from Ajwa dam and had killed two buffaloes before it targeted a teenager whose body was found a day later with both her feet and a hand missing., after which the villagers threatened to hunt it down.\"We have asked the foresters to take it to Sayaji zoo and not release it in any of the water channels or Ajwa dam because it can always come back to target humans., now that it has tasted human flesh.Ajwa dam is barely one and a half a km away from here and now that the crocodile has marked this pond as its territory, it would surely come back,\" said Dhirender Patel, the village sarpanch. He also revealed that initially, the foresters wanted to leave the smaller crocodiles in the pond, \"but we would not accept this. Who knows if those two have also turned into man-eaters,\" Patel added.Forest officials said they would have to obtain special permission from Delhi to decide this crocodile's release following suspicion of it being a man-eater. \"The permission takes about a month to come, till then we would keep it in one of the reservoirs where there is no human movement,\" a forester revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704356", "title": "Cops book two lawyers for assaulting advocate", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police registered a case of assault against advocate Charanjit Singh Chandrapal and his associate Milind Borkar.The complaint was filed by advocate Mahesh Vaswani. According to the FIR, Vaswani had lodged a complaint of misconduct against Chandrapal with the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa and there was a hearing on October 5.During the proceedings, Vaswani claimed Chandrapal and Borkar allegedly assaulted Vaswani. The two abused Vaswani and threatened him with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16711285", "title": "Simple eye check up can flag multiple sclerosis", "text": "MUMBAI: Patients having no access to MRI facilities can undertake a simple eye check-up to gauge and track the neurological disease multiple sclerosis (MS),potentially complementing costly magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect brain shrinkage, a characteristic of the disease's progression.Doctors say a five minute eye test is simpler, quicker, cheaper than conventional MRIs and above all easily available. However it is not a substitute for conventional MRI which has now become the standard to confirm multiple sclerosis cases.\"  Eye problems are usually one of the first symptoms of multiple sclerosis  . About 50-60% of multiple sclerosis sufferers report some kind of vision problem making this one of the most common symptoms associated with the disease,\"said Dr  Sunila Jaggi  ,  consultant radiologist at Bombay Hospital . \"So a damaged optic nerve, which is behind the eye, becomes a perfect place to look for early multiple sclerosis .\"Multiple sclerosis can range in intensity from being relatively benign to devastating. Because diagnosis of multiple sclerosis is difficult especially during the earlier stages as symptoms are indistinct, early diagnosis and treatment is crucial to slow disease progression and minimize associated disability, particularly because the condition can cause irreversible damage.Dr Nirmal Surya, neurologist at Saifee Hospital said , \"People with multiple sclerosis can experience double vision, eye discomfort and uncontrollable eye movements. Inflammation of the optic nerve causes blurred vision, color confusion and even blindness in one or both eyes.\"Multiple sclerosis is a nerve disease in which the body attacks its own cells and tissues. It's cause and cure is yet unknown. A chronic disorder, it slowly renders the patient paralyzed and even blind. A common early warning sign that multiple sclerosis patients may have is vision problems that originate in the optic nerve. A thinner optic nerve means a more damaged optic nerve. Thicker equals healthy.A quick eye exam can cost about Rs 1000 for both eyes might prove to be an inexpensive and effective way The current standard is MRI testing, takes at least an hour and costs about Rs 4000. A glaucoma testing OCT machine is good enough to test a damaged optic nerve.\"Treatments for multiple sclerosis cannot reverse the damage but they can arrest it, so the earlier we get someone on medication the quicker we can stop the disease from causing more harm. The eye test is definitely less expensive and can complement the MRI. However, I would like to emphasize that MRI is highly sensitive test for the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis ,\" said Dr Jaggi.According to the estimates, there are over 1,00,000 multiple sclerosis patients in the country. Women are twice more likely to fall prey to MS than men. Although there is no cure, certain disease modifying medications can reduce recurrent attacks and prevent disability.Dr Surya said, \"Currently treatments exist in the form of disease-modifying drugs such as interferons and monoclonal antibodies. These medications can reduce the frequency and severity of relapses associated with the disease.\"Multiple sclerosis is most commonly diagnosed between ages 20 and 40, but can be seen at any age. It is caused by damage to the myelin sheath, the protective covering that surrounds nerve cells. Due to damage in the nerve layer, transmission of signals from the brain and spinal cords gets affected. The most common symptoms apart from vision problems are numbness, weakness in the limbs, sudden loss of balance, and muscle fatigue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706012", "title": "Gujarat man was hawala point man", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore hawala racket accused, hailing from different parts of India, transacted with Suresh from Gujarat, who was the point man for Patel Ashish Kumar Kantilal and Company, Ahmedabad, a Gujarat-based company which operated on a nationwide scale with 'branches' in Mysore and Bangalore as well. The entire operation was carried out over mobile phones, based purely on trust, Kharbikar said. The transactions in the operation were 'coded' and will have to be translated, he added.Observing that as per preliminary investigation no foreign angle has emerged in the hawala transactions, Kharbikar said efforts are on to ascertain if the money was being used for antinational activities. The hawala jackets with 20 pockets could each carry Rs 3 lakh in cash and were used by the accused to transport the money, he said. A case has been registered under sections 41D read with 102 of CrPC in Barke police station, Kharbikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706075", "title": "Coastal districts react guardedly to bandh", "text": "MANGALORE: The state-wide bandh called to protest against releasing Cauvery river water to Tamil Nadu received lukewarm response in the coastal city.It was just like another day with transport, cinemas, petrol bunks and business activities functioning without any disruption. Even schools and colleges were open.Meanwhile, opposing the release of Cauvery water, activists attached to Cauvery Horata Samiti (CHS), Karnataka Rakshana Vedike and members of All College Students Association took out a protest rally from Light House Hill Road to Hampankatta Circle, where they blocked traffic by forming a human chain for a few minutes.But, police intervened and detained all the protesters and released them later. CHS convener SP Chengappa said the release of water to Tamil Nadu is unjustifiable. If the state government continues releasing water to Tamil Nadu, Karnataka will suffer, he said.IN UDUPIThere was partial response to the bandh in Udupi. Notwithstanding a few protests, the district remained unaffected with less disruption in public life. Meanwhile, South Kanara Photographers Association (SKPA) carried out a protest rally in support of the bandh.SKPA president Vasudev Rao said residents and farming community in Bangalore, Mandya and Mysore region are depending on Cauvery river for drinking water and irrigation. While the state has been hit by drought, it is unscientific to release water for Tamil Nadu and in the coming days, people depending on Nethravathi river may also face a similar kind of problem, he said.Members of Raitha Sangha and Jaya Karnataka staged a protest at Karavali bypass of National Highway-66 by forming a human chain and burnt tyres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16709350", "title": "Election Commission gets tough on use of black money", "text": "SURAT: With election model code of conduct coming in force in Gujarat last Thursday, a few new guidelines introduced by the election commission for this elections for the first time is already proving a problem for some of the political parties.Gujarat will go to polls on December13 and 17, 2012. Voting will take place in Surat and South Gujarat on December, 13, 2012.The ban carrying cash amount of more than Rs 2.50 lakh and report of withdrawal of more than Rs 1lakh from bank accounts at a time by banks to election commission has already made some political parties and prospective candidates alert.\"On our city where cash transactions rule the roost in business, it is likely to create trouble for some business people.\" said a political party leader. \"Police will be able to stop any one and check him for the cash. If they cant explain or provide proof, it may lead them also in trouble.\" He added.\"We have nothing against common man on the street, but if you withdraw Rs 2.5 lakh or more you must have your bank withdrawal receipt with you.\" said Jayprakash Shivhare, Surat collector.On the issue of report of cash withdrawal of more than Rs 1 lakh, election commission officials say they will get all the details of accounts from where large sum of money is withdrawn. If they find unusual activity they will certainly pursue the case.\"Use of black money must stop in election and we will take all the steps to stop it.\" Said Shivhare.According to the rules, every candidate must open a separate account for election expenses and use money from that for the purpose. He will also have to report his weekly expenses every week and will have to submit the full details of his expenses 30 days after the elections.In state assembly election the cap for expenditure for a candidate is Rs 16 lakh.\"If some people are found to be violating the guidelines, they would be declared ineligible for the elections.\" said RB Barad, Additional collector and nodal officer for Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706335", "title": "After diesel &amp; LPG bombs, get ready to face water cannon", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when the common man is already feeling the pinch due to rise in diesel price and cap on subsidized cylinders, the Lucknow Jal Sansthan is all set to jack up the household expenses further by proposing a three times increase in water charges -- from an average Rs 2.5 to Rs 7.5 per kilolitre. Almost 3.15 lakh families of the city will be directly affected by the move if it gets approved by the Lucknow Municipal Corporation house, scheduled to meet on October 16.Just the previous year, the civic body had increased the annual rental value (ARV), the basic criterion of all the municipal taxes imposed on households, by an average of 70%. Following the step, while water tax calculated on the basis of ARV automatically increased, the rates at which water is supplied to households, remains the same since 2001. \"We will try hard to convince the elected representatives to let us go ahead with the tariff revision in order to rationalise the expenditure we incur on water supply,\" revealed a senior official from Lucknow Jal Sansthan (LJS). LJS, is the arm of LMC responsible for operations and maintenance of water supply and collection of water charges.\"The sansthan instead of having putting water meter project in place to get rid of the ambiguous manner in which bills are calculated, seems more interested in filling up its coffers by increasing the tax in an arbitrary manner,\" felt Bhagwan Lal, a resident of Vikasnagar. The much-needed water meter project was to take off in 2008 but has not been able to start so far.Apart from Lucknow, five other municipal bodies (Varanasi, Agra, Kanpur, Meerut and Allahabad) from the state also have to undertake slew of municipal reforms, one of which is better cost recovery for water supply, before the end of this year to ensure further allocation of funds under the Centre-sponsored scheme, JNNURM.\"Due to increased cost of electricity and other material required for supply of water, LMC ends up spending four times more than what it charges. The civic administration is taking steps to make LMC self-reliant, a condition laid down for cities that have been doled out benefits of JNNURM scheme,\" said Rakesh Verma, additional municipal commissioner.Broadly, the LMC ends up spending Rs 7 per kilolitre (excluding manpower and recurring cost) water on supply while it charges about Rs 2.5 for the same quantity. Apart from rationalization of its input cost, the water supply revenue income of LJS is estimated to increase from present Rs 80 crore to Rs 120 crore, post tariff revision.\"The LMC should also focus on the extremely inefficient water supply infrastructure and billing mechanism in the city. Such houses have no option but to take unauthorized connections from the private players,\" said Tulsi Singh, a resident of Kalyanpur. It is estimated that almost 1 lakh to 1.5 lakh houses in the city are not supplied water by LMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705299", "title": "Former babu bats for Sangma's party", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma's National People's Party has decided to put up tribal candidates across Gujarat's eastern tribal belt. Retired state cadre IAS officer Ramdhan Lal Meena, who was secretary, State Human Rights Commission , before his retirement, is learnt to be coordinating Sangma's decision to put up candidates in the state.Meena told TOI, \"We have not decided as to how many candidates we will put up.\" However, he indicated Sangma had a soft-corner for Modi. \"We have not decided whom will we target during the assembly elections. But we certainly believe that Modi is a successful leader. Sangma will personally come and address people in the state's tribal areas\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16705385", "title": "State nod to develop Kuttanad as agriculture heritage site", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The state government has approved a Kerala Agricultural University project for developing Kuttanad as a global agricultural heritage site. A natural history museum for Kuttanad, a centre for rice germplasm at Mankombu and an international research and training centre for below-sea-level farming at Kumarakom have been proposed as part of the project.The project, for which the proposal was moved by the Regional Agricultural Research Station (RARS), Kumarakom led by its associate director K G Padmakumar, is estimated to cost Rs 50 crore and the state has allotted Rs 10 crore for the first phase of the project.Agriculture department secretary K R Jyothilal said the project would be executed with the financial support of the Centre. \"It will help in preserving our traditional farming practices besides attracting more tourists and scholars to Kuttanad,\" he said.Padmakumar said the natural history museum for Kuttanad is planned at Nelpurakadavu near Haripad. \"Under the project, we will rename Nelpurakadavu as the Gateway of Kuttanad. The museum will give details and visuals of the below-sea-level farming in Kuttanad, traditional cultivation techniques and equipment of farmers and the lifestyle of Kuttanad. A theatre for screening short films on Kuttanad is also planned.\"The proposed centre for rice germplasm will be part of the Rice Research Station at Mankombu. It will house all available variety seeds of rice and it is expected to help future breeding programmes. \"We can conduct research works here and also study about traditional and modern rice seeds. We can also develop new seeds based on the qualities of traditional seeds. There were around 2,000 traditional rice seeds in the state, of which we have already collected 500 varieties,'' said Dr Leenakumari, head of Rice Research Station, Mankombu.Padmakumar said the training centre will conduct programmes, in association with the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO), on Kuttanad farming for agricultural scientists and students. \"They can observe and understand the below-sea-level farming and its techniques. They can also adapt the farming techniques of Kuttanad farmers. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708497", "title": "Bollywood beats at the Indian F1 Grand Prix", "text": "Ace Bollywoood composer duo Vishal-Shekhar and singer- Shaan, will be seen performing together at India's biggest motor racing spectacle, The Indian F1 Grand Prix. Vishal-Shekhar and Shaan are all ready to perform and dazzle the spectators with their foot tapping Bollywood beats at the Buddh International Circuit on 28th October from 11 am onwards in the BIC East Zone.\"We are pleased to announce that Vishal-Shekhar and Shaan will perform at the final day of the Grand Prix. It will be a spectacular event of fast cars, style, celebrity, glamour and loud music.\" confirms Askari Zaidi, Sr Vice President, Corporate Communication, Jaypee Group.The entry to their performance will be free for spectators who will be coming to the circuit to watch the race. Along with Vishal-Shekhar and Shaan, some selected college bands get a lifetime opportunity to perform at India's biggest motorsport event, the 2012 Formula1 Indian Grand Prix through Rock the Race, a novel initiative by JPSI to find hidden talent in the young students of India. These bands will be playing in different entertainment zones that will be there all across the circuit. Inner BIC shuttle service will be available for fans to ferry them from different stands to the performance venue.In the audition round of the 'Rock the Race' which was held at Jaypee Business, 20 bands from colleges across Delhi/NCR, Chandigarh and Jaipur participated. With an interesting mix of bands, Rock the Race was a great platform for aspiring musicians to showcase their talent. After intense competition, the following six bands of Delhi University colleges qualified: Misba (Guru Gobind Singh College), Stone Age (Hindu College), Yatharth (Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology), Bhangra Nights (Venkateswara College), Electric notes, and Verve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore/hubli/mangalore", "code": "16705751", "title": "Cauvery basin shuts down against water release to Tamil Nadu", "text": "MYSORE/HUBLI/MANGALORE: The dawn-to-dusk Karnataka bandh called by Kannada outfits to protest the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu evoked a mixed response. While the bandh was total in the Cauvery basin districts of Mysore, Mandya, Hassan and Chamarajanagar, it evoked either poor or lukewarm response in the northern and coastal districts.Normal life was completely disrupted in the Old Mysore region. All trains between Mysore and Bangalore were cancelled after Kannada activists stopped the Chamundi Express at Srirangapatna and forced it to return to Mysore. Services resumed only after 5pm.Trains were the only mode of transport between Mysore and Bangalore over the past one week since the farmers have resorted to a rasta roko agitation at Mandya.Bangalore, whose drinking water needs are met by the Cauvery, wore a deserted look as the shutdown was complete. Shops, malls, pharmacies, movie halls, fuel stations and business establishments downed shutters.In Mandya, various pro-Kannada organizations held peaceful protest marches. The Mysore-Bangalore highway was blocked with more than 10,000 protesters converging at the Visvesvaraya statue in Mandya, where a hunger strike is under way.Meanwhile, the central team deputed to assess the situation in Cauvery basin did an aerial survey of areas irrigated by the Kabini, Harangi and Hemavathy dams on Saturday and returned to Bangalore from Hassan. When it visited fields in Hassan district, farmers protested before them.The agitators stopped the convoy of the central team, headed by K C Jacob, while it was on its way to Holenarasipura by creating blockades. Police removed the protesters.In Hubli-Dharwad, public transport system operated as usual. Banks worked with their shutters half down. There was no disruption in the the movement of public transport. The bandh call evoked no response in Belgaum city, which is gearing up for the arrival of President Pranab Mukherjee to inaugurate Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on October 11.The response in the coastal belt was tepid. It was just like% any other day, with transport, cinemas, petrol bunks and business activities unaffected in Mangalore city. Schools and colleges remained open.Members of the All-College Students' Association and Kannada activists took out a rally on the main throughfares of Mangalore city before blocking traffic for about an hour. But police intervened and detained the protesters. There was a partial response to the bandh in Udupi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705019", "title": "Mamata asks ministers to work during pujas too", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has asked her ministers not to leave their constituencies during the pujas and stay with the people to prepare for the panchayat elections focusing on 'the misdeeds' of the 34-year Left rule. Mamata wants the ministers to oversee development work in rural Bengal ahead of the polls.The CM has asked district magistrates to engage all government officers down to the block level to expedite projects in rural areas. She has made it clear that the administration has to deliver the goods fast.In a move to revamp the public distribution system in districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia, the state food department is setting up 68 new ration shops. \"These shops will be managed by self help groups under the department's supervision,\" said food minister Jyotipriya Mullick.To reap the benefits of the administrative work, the CM has asked her ministers to oversee the panchayat poll preparation in the districts. As usual, the CPM-led Left front is likely to be the main thrust of attack in the election campaign. \"The issues of FDI will not be too relevant for the panchayat polls, but villagers will be able to easily identify their problems by putting up the misdeeds that occurred in the 34 years of the Left Front rule,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704144", "title": "Nigerian woman gives birth on plane in Indian airspace", "text": "MUMBAI: An Ethiopian Airlines flight made an emergency landing at Mumbai airport early on Saturday after a woman passenger delivered a baby girl aboard the plane over Indian air space.The mother, who is of Nigerian origin, and the child were rushed to Holy Spirit Hospital in Andheri and their condition is said to be stable.The flight had taken off from Guangzhou in China and was going to Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Around 3.30am, Chinyere Okoli, who was travelling with a female relative, went into labour. The pilot of the flight immediately alerted the Mumbai airport and the aircraft was assigned a priority landing around 4.10am. However, Okoli delivered the baby girl before the flight could landed in Mumbai. The airline crew and other passengers aboard the flight assisted in the delivery.The aircraft touched down in Mumbai at 5.10am. \"On landing, the mother and the child were assisted by the airport doctor and staffers. They were immediately taken to Holy Spirit Hospital,\" an official said.Okoli and the child reached the hospital around 7.45am in an ambulance accompanied by her relative. She was first taken to the hospital's casualty and later shifted to a ward. Sources said the girl was born prematurely and that Okoli seemed traumatized after the delivery. The child is under observation in the hospital's neonatal intensive care unit. The hospital's medical director Dr MB Shah refused to divulge any details about the mother and the baby. Doctors at the hospital said she may be there for a day or two.Most international airlines allow expectant women to fly up to 35 weeks of pregnancy provided they are in good health. Last year, a woman on Air India's Delhi-Toronto flight delivered a baby mid-air with the help of two fellow flyers who were doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710374", "title": "Ram Charan, Amala Paul watch Gabbar Singh", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan and Amala Paul have watched Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh. Wait; don't jump to conclusions! Charan and Amala Paul are currently shooting for a film 'Naayak' directed by V V Vinayak. The film is currently being shot at Kompally Cine Planet and Vinayak has filmed a scene, which has Charan and Amala Paul coming to the theatre on a bike and watch Gabbar Singh.Director Vinayak has filmed this shot as a part of the Hyderabad schedule. And by the time fans got to know that Charan was shooting in the theatre premises, they have turned out in large number to get a dekko of the actor.Kajal Aggarwal is playing the other female while Brahmanandam and Jayaprakash Reddy are seen in other important roles. SS Thaman is providing the music, story and dialogues are by Akula Shiva and cinematography is by Chota K Naidu. The film is slated for release for 2013 Sankranthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705088", "title": "Joy of giving by joy of employing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Blind People's Association (BPA) and 37 companies are celebrating Joy of Giving week with a difference this year by giving the disabled the 'Joy of Employing'. BPA has organized an employment fair at its premises during the week in association with Delhi-based Sarthak Education Trust that works for employment of disabled across the country.\"We are glad that national companies such as Tech-Mahindra, Future Group, Croma, ITC-Fortune and Dominos with regular local patrons like Shah Investors Home Ltd, Cama hotel, Silicon Valley, Safal Construction Pvt Ltd have participated in the fair. In total, 37 companies have participated in the fair. The first day itself has seen 700 registrations. We are hopeful that many of them will get the job that can change their lives,\" said a BPA official.The organizers said that the event has been divided into two days. On Friday, the registration and information session took place whereas job interviews of shortlisted candidates will take place on Saturday. Professionals from Sarthak Trust will coach the candidates on how to appear for interviews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704841", "title": "With fat pay, Nagpur University staffers' 'no' to leave Gondwana varsity", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University (NU) has decided to recall its seven employees working on lean in Gondwana University (GU), the staffers have strongly opposed the return to the parent body, citing huge difference in the salaries of the two bodies.These employees said they not only will have to settle for drastically reduced salaries but also have to work on demoted posts. One of the employees said, \"Many of us will have to join our old posts which are one rung lower in hierarchy when compared to the ones offered in GU. Moreover, our salaries will be cut ranging anything between Rs10,000 and Rs15,000. The Nagpur university took this drastic step perhaps due to its ongoing dispute with GU over UGC model college and was making us scapegoats,\" he said.Another staffer said the Nagpur university officials knew very well that GU was established on the basis of experience and expertise of NU employees who played a key role in setting up the system. \"They want to cripple the GU system and nothing else,\" he claimed.On the other hand, NU strongly defended its decision to call back its employees, citing their shortage. \"They were sent on lean with a condition that they will have to come back as and when required. NU is facing severe crisis due to shortage of employees,\" registrar Ashok Gomase said.He raised doubts on the intentions of top GU officials and said why they did not recruit these employees on regular basis when they knew that their services were required. \"We would have made fresh recruitments. We allowed them to go when GU had no staffers. Now it has recruited over 100 persons. In this case, why should NU suffer due to shortage of employees,\" Gomase asked. Even the government was not filling the NU vacancies, he added.Gomase made it clear that these employees will have to rejoin on old posts and old salaries even if it meant demotion from GU's post. \"NU is in deep crisis as regards the employee strength, and we are working with almost half the capacity. Now, the district collector has engaged 20 of our employees for election work which has worsened the situation,\" he said.He said except GU's finance officer BS Rathod, who was deputy registrar in NU, all seven will be called back. They include deputy registrar Manish Zodape, assistant registrar Kailash Jadhav, superintendents Rajendra Pathak and Vinod Dhabekar, selection grade clerks Vilas Pancham and Arun Hatwar and upper division clerk Anand Meshram.GU registrar Vinayak Irpate said they will not stop these employees from leaving. But, he threatened to lodge a complaint with the state government, terming NU's action as \"revengeful\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16709993", "title": "Biodiversity Mainstreaming Diagnostic Tool to be launched at CBD", "text": "JAIPUR: As thousands of delegates gather in India for the 11th Conference of Parties to the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Hyderabad, from 8 - 19 October 2012, a new initiative will be unveiled to help countries meet some of their obligations under the legally-binding treaty whilst also reducing poverty.It will show how the two seemingly disparate worlds of poverty eradication and biodiversity conservation are linked, and its launch comes ahead of the UN's International Day for the Eradication of Poverty on 17 October.This three-year project led by the International Institute for Environment and Development (IIED) and the UN Environment Programme's World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP-WCMC) is intended to ensure that policies to conserve nature and reduce poverty work in harmony.It will help nations identify opportunities to build a business case for biodiversity as a key development asset through, for instance, trade in biodiversity-based products and services, improved genetic diversity for agriculture, and green jobs in agriculture, forestry , fisheries, energy, and ecotourism.\"Biodiversity and poverty are tightly linked, but policies for each rarely are,\" says Dilys Roe of IIED. \"The two sides of policymaking need to be brought together so that natural resources can contribute to development and poverty reduction strategies in a sustainable way.\"In 2010, when they last met, all 193 parties to the CBD adopted a new 10-year strategy to achieve the aims of the convention, which are to conserve biodiversity, to ensure that it is used sustainably and to ensure that the benefits from its use are shared fairly and equitably.As part of the new strategy, countries agreed to \"address the underlying causes of biodiversity loss by mainstreaming biodiversity across government and society\".They also set a target that: \"By 2020, at the latest, biodiversity values have been integrated into national and local development and poverty reduction strategies and planning processes and are being incorporated into national accounting, as appropriate, and reporting systems.\"To help achieve this, on 9 October at the CBD conference, the project team will launch a diagnostic tool that enables policymakers to assess how far their countries have integrated biodiversity and development, and identify impacts, knowledge gaps and barriers to progress.The Biodiversity Mainstreaming Diagnostic Tool will help countries to revise their National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans (NBSAPs) something all parties to the CBD have agreed to do by 2014. As part of the project, four African countries Botswana, Namibia, Seychelles and Uganda are already using the tool to update and strengthen their NBSAPs.\"Leadership, good information and political acumen will be essential if countries are to integrate policies for biodiversity and development,\" says Jessica Smith of UNEP-WCMC. \"We expect the experiences of these four leading countries in Africa to inspire and influence a whole new generation of NBSAPs in other parties to the CBD around the world.\"Meanwhile the international project leaders will continue to develop support systems that are relevant to all countries. This will include producing a report on the state of knowledge on efforts to include biodiversity in other areas of policymaking. At the CBD conference in India, the team will seek feedback on a proposed outline for this review, to ensure it meets the needs of users.Over the next year IIED and UNEP-WCMC will also work together to document the evidence base on biodiversity-poverty linkages, with funding from the UK Department for International Development and the Ecosystems Services for Poverty Alleviation initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16706334", "title": "Kochi gets Biennale city tag", "text": "KOCHI: Giving the official nod to the Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012, the international exhibition of contemporary art, the corporation declared Kochi as the Biennale city on Saturday. The local body also sought support of individuals and private entities to make the event a mega hit.Expressing willingness to provide various venues owned by the corporation for the mega event, Mayor Tony Chammany said Kochi was ready to welcome international artists arriving for the Biennale.\"The event's venues such as Fort Kochi, Mattancherry, Kochi city, Kodungallur and Paravoor are getting ready to host the exhibition,\" he said.The mayor hoped that biennale would help attracting tourists. \"All doubts regarding the event, which will provide a new face for the city, will be cleared before it begins,\" said Chammany.To oversee the preparations, cultural affairs minister K C Joseph and department secretary Sajan Peter would visit the venues on October 28, he said.Ajit Patil, secretary of the corporation, said Biennale would help promote the profile of the city as a cultural landscape and act as a catalyst of change.Riyas Komu, one of the organisers of the Biennale, said permanent structures would be installed at various venues. He added that any contribution to the Kochi Biennale Foundation was open to scrutiny and accounting, and would be used only for a common cause.As many as 80 artists from 35 countries were expected to participate in the event, which would attract 80 lakh domestic and 8.5 lakh foreign tourists in the inaugural year.\"The Biennale, which is held for the first time in India, would place the country firmly on the global map,\" said Komu.Bose Krishnamachari, president of the Foundation, hailed the declaration as a major development, and said that it would make a big difference to the event.Deputy mayor B Bhadra was also present at the press conference.Kochi: Giving the official nod to the Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012, the international exhibition of contemporary art, the Corporation declared Kochi as the biennale city here on Saturday. The local body also sought support of individuals and private entities to make the event a mega hit.Expressing willingness to provide various venues owned by the corporation for the mega event, Mayor Tony Chammany said that Kochi is ready to welcome international artists who would arrive in the city for the Biennale. \"The event's venues such as Fort Kochi, Mattancherry, Kochi city, Kodungallur and Paravoor are getting ready to host the exhibition,\" he said.Mayor expressed the hope that biennale would help in attracting tourists from various parts of the city. \"All doubts regarding the event, which will provide a new face for the city, will be cleared prior to its beginning,\" said Tony Chammany.In order to oversee the preparations cultural affairs minister K C Joseph and department secretary Sajan Peter would visit the venues on October 28, he said.Ajit Patil, secretary of the Corporation, said that biennale would help promote the profile of the city as a cultural landscape and act as a catalyst of change.Talking on the occasion, Riyaz Komu, one of the organisers of Biennale, said that as a legacy of the event permanent structures would be installed at various venues. He added that any contribution to the Kochi Biennale Foundation was open to scrutiny and accounting and would be used only for a common cause.The event, which will see participation of 80 artists from 35 countries, is expected to attract 80 lakh domestic and 8.5 lakh foreign tourists in the inaugural year. \"The Biennale which is held for the first time in India would place the country firmly on the global map,\" said Riyaz Komu.Bose Krishnamachari, president of the Foundation, hailed the declaration as a majode development, and said that it would make a big difference to the event.Deputy mayor B Bhadra was also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705784", "title": "Gadkari unfazed by letter row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unfazed by the Congress attack over the letter row involving him, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari said on Saturday that even Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state Congress chief Manikarao Thakre had written letters in favour of the Gosikhurd project.\"What crime I committed when I wrote a letter (in favour of the Gosikhurd project). Since the project fell in my constituency, people approached me as it was getting delayed. Manikrao Thakre also wrote a letter...In my knowledge, the CM of Maharashtra also wrote a letter... Union minister Mukul Wasnik (also an MP from Maharashtra) also wrote a letter. In fact, a large number of MPs and MLAs wrote letters for the project,\" Gadkari said.Gadkari's remarks came a day after AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi questioned his interest in writing the letter and said that there has to be some relation between him and the contractor of the project. Dwivedi also said that the BJP will dig its own grave if Gadkari continues to remain its president.The BJP chief wondered whether it was a crime on his part to ask for early completion of the project. \"Farmers were committing suicide. Had I not said anything, I would have been accused of remaining silent even when farmers in my constituency were dying. When I have said something, this is also a problem. I have not written one letter but five and will write ten more,\" he said. Noting that there are over 300 such contractors in Maharashtra, he said, \"Punish whoever of them had been committing any wrong.\"Alluding to the Congress, which has a coalition government in Maharashtra, Gadkari said, \"You are the ones who gave the contract, you are the ones who delayed the project escalating its cost from Rs 800 crore to Rs 14000 crore. You are the ones who dealt in money and now I am being blamed when I ask for early completion of the project.\"Gadkari also said, \"We (BJP) are a democratic party. We are not the party of mother-son or father-son....BJP's purpose is not to make an individual Prime Minister or CM,\" he said. Laying out the future roadmap for the BJP, he recognized the need to increase its basic vote share and talked of liberal agenda for the party with emphasis on \"poverty eradication\".\"The spirit of the party is the eradication of poverty, increasing employment. The party's spirit is that all are equals and not playing politics on the basis of caste creed and sex,\" he said, adding that the party is also focussed on measures for the development of the minorities.Replying to questions by delegates, the BJP chief said his party was against FDI in retail as \"it will shut the door on employment of Indians\", but added that \"broadly we are in favour of economic reforms but it's not that we will support any measure initiated by anybody\". He said that current problems of underdevelopment and unemployment in the country is due to the \"sin of wrong policies implemented by Congress\" and stressed the need to increase the \"happy index\" in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16706093", "title": "Youth booked for blackmailing 17-yr-old girl", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Saturday booked a youth in the incident wherein a student of an engineering college allegedly committed suicide here on September 12.The deceased, Ankita Jha had committed suicide by hanging self in her hostel in Indrapuri. She hailed from Darbhanga in Bihar and was a student of Oriental Institute of Science and Technology (OIST).The police have booked Anumay Kumar for goading her to commit suicide. A case against him has been registered on the basis of the suicide note recovered by the police. The police said that the accused was a classmate of the deceased in Bihar. The girl had later shifted to Bhopal to pursue engineering. However, the youth was blackmailing her on the pretext of uploading her fake profile on face book.The young woman had reasoned the same as opting for the extreme step in her suicide note and urged police of taking stern action against him.Subsequently, the police registered a case under section 306 of IPC (abetment of suicide) against the accused.Anumay Kumar, currently studies in West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16706163", "title": "Meet at CBCS on listening patterns", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The two-day international symposium on 'attentive listeners in the visual world', an interaction of language, attention, memory and vision, concluded at the Centre of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS) of Allahabad University on Saturday.Proceedings of the concluding day started with the talk by Pia Knoeferle from the University of Belfield, Germany. She provided evidence from the eye tracking studies about how priming through emotional faces can affect the processing of emotional sentences. She also showed there is a difference between the young and older people in their preference for positive and negative emotions. Amitabh Mukerjee from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur talked about cognitive bootstrapping using robotics and simulation studies.By providing evidence from eye-tracking studies, he showed bilinguals upon listening or reading words or sentences in their own languages can automatically activate thee translation equivalents of the spoken or read words and such activations are also affected by the factors like language proficiency in their two languages.The symposium also comprised presentation by various experts, including Surumpudi Bapi Raju from Central University of Hyderabad, Folk Huettig from Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics, Snehlata Jaiswal from, IIT-Delhi, Rajesh Kasturirangan from National institute of Advanced Studies and Bhoomika R Kar from CBCS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16709527", "title": "Call regional transport office in case of rash and negligent driving", "text": "MANGALORE: Find bus drivers driving in a rash and negligent manner? Fret not! Remedy is just a phone call away. The official telephone numbers of regional transport office (RTO) will be compulsorily displayed in all buses from November. This move is expected to curb practice of rash driving by bus drivers. People may register their complaints by calling these numbers said C Mallikarjuna, RTO and secretary, Regional Transport Authority.Officials of the department will verify complaints and if they were found valid, driving licences of errant drivers will be suspended for a week to 10 days, he said. Chairing the regional transport adalat here on Saturday, Mallikarjuna said people do not necessarily have to file written complaints against rash and negligent driving, although, they will have to call the numbers displayed on buses during office hours.Regarding complaints that able-bodied were occupying seats reserved for senior citizens, women , and people with disabilities and lackadaisical attitude of bus conductors in dealing with such passengers, Mallikarjuna said the department will intervene effectively to ensure there are no violations. Judith Mascarenhas, former deputy mayor said people in Kerala do not occupy seats meant for women, senior citizens, and people with disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704169", "title": "1 dead, 4 injured in fire incidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five incidents of fire were reported in a span of 24 hours, leaving a 10-year-old dead and four people injured.In the first case, a house at Mahavir Enclave in southwest Delhi caught fire after a cylinder blast. Fire officers said they received a call around 10.25am on Saturday. Of the five people rescued, three were taken to DDU Hospital, while the rest were admitted to Safdarjung Hospital, where 10-year-old Ajay succumbed to his injuries.The second incident was reported from Mundka area. No one was injured. Firemen said they received a call around 10.40pm on Friday. Assets worth several lakhs were gutted.In the third incident, a fire broke out in a large parcel box kept at New Delhi railway station premises towards Ajmeri Gate side. No casualty was reported. A call was made around 12.58am after which eight fire tenders were sent to the spot. In this case too, assets worth lakhs were damaged. In the fourth incident, a fire that broke out in a dumping ground engulfed two cars parked nearby. A Maruti was gutted at Paharganj area of central Delhi. The car owner claimed the firemen came very late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705015", "title": "Keeping it in the genes!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Kamlesh Patel took his son Smit to a local cricket training centre at LD Arts College ground as a seven-year-old, the coach said the boy seemed to be a natural behind the stumps.\"All successful wicketkeepers are naturally gifted. There is something about wicket-keeping which is instinctive; it requires skills which can't be acquired. Smit was so comfortable behind the stumps, it seemed keeping was part of his genes,\" says the father.It is only natural that the conversation veers towards genetic makeup given that Patel Sr too was a wicketkeeper of repute. And it does not end there. Smit's grandfather Ramesh Patel, too was a wicket-keeper and played for the Dariapur Club in the local league!\"There were times when both father and I featured together in matches in the local league. And when both of us played together, I used to keep wickets,\" said Smit's father, proud that his son played a key role in the Indian colts winning the under-19 world cup in Australia recently. Not only did Smit impress behind the stumps, he delivered with the bat as well, scoring crucial runs throughout the world cup and in the final as well. He has now been selected for the Duleep Trophy west zone team. The matches will start on October 9.\"When Smit was a kid, I would train him by throwing a tennis ball on the wall and asked him to gather it. Once he started attending camps at different levels, I decided to only enjoy his keeping and not meddle with his technique,\" says Patel Sr with a smile.Smit is, in fact, having a dream run which began with Gujarat becoming under-19 one-day champions. This was followed with the world cup win and now a slot in the prestigious Duleep Trophy squad.\"I was expecting to get a call for the Challenger's Trophy, but surprisingly got one for Duleep Trophy,\" said Smit. Many believe that because of his batting skills, he has the talent to play for India one day.Former India batting star Sanjay Manjrekar says, \"Smit Patel has got a good attitude behind the stumps, talks a lot. He's a very good wicketkeeper and a decent batsman, who'll come in at No.6 or seven and get you those important runs. He is a guy India should look forward to because it's a nice combination-a keeper-batsman.\"\"The good thing about Smit is that he enjoys whatever he does and is learning everything quickly. I can see some improvement every time I see him in the nets,\" says his coach Tarak Trivedi.\"Smit has been a good student as school as well. He would study whenever he would find time from cricket. But his love for the game is immense,\" adds his father. Smit's mother Bina Patel and sister Zinal are his pillars of strength as the boy takes one stride after the other towards success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16705115", "title": "Netas face ire of pro-Kannada outfits", "text": "BANGALORE: Attempts by political parties to hijack the ongoing Cauvery agitation seem to have backfired with Cauvery Protection Committee, led by G Made Gowda, and pro-Kannada organizations making a strong resolve to keep all political outfits away from it.The rebel BJP leader and former CM B S Yeddyurappa got a taste of this when members of Karnataka Gadinadu Vedike staged a protest at the venue where the former CM was staging a dharna since Friday in support of the farmers' agitation. The activists raised slogans demanding that the former CM withdraw his demonstration claiming \"he was doing it to further his personal political agenda\". Though Yeddyurappa's supporters retaliated by attacking the activists, the message was loud and clear.Yeddyurappa had planned to go to Mandya on Monday and , where the farmers' agitation is going on, and intended totake out a padayatra to KRS dam, but dropped the idea \"on doctors' advice\". His plan to continue the dharna in Bangalore till Monday too was abruptly called off on Saturday evening following heavy downpour. He will decide the next course of action now after SC's move on Monday.In another incident, deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa faced the wrath of Kannada activists for holding a meeting with his supporters at his residence on Saturday morning purportedly to discuss politics. The activists disrupted the meeting and demanded his resignation.The Cauvery stir has also brought fissures to the fore within the ruling BJP. Bangalore north BJP MP D B Chandre Gowda took potshots at chief minister Jagadish Shettar and water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai for poor handling of the issue. \"They neither take our own partymen into confidence nor do they take any courageous decision,\" he added. He also said Shettar should allocate the water resources portfolio to energy minister Shobha Karandlaje as she was the only capable minister in the cabinet. With the BJP not united in rallying for the cause, Bangalore South MP H N Ananth Kumar staged a dharna at Bhashyam Circle on the issue.Congress and JD (S), who have already faced the ire of farmers, chose to keep away from the bandh. \"There are four union ministers in the UPA cabinet. But they all failed to come to the aid of Karnataka. What's the point in S M Krishna writing a letter now to PM Manmohan Singh after 90% of the water has been released to the lower riparian state,\" asked pro-Kannada activist T A Narayan Gowda.The resignation of JD(S) lawmakers (but not submitted to the presiding officers) in support of Cauvery agitation too has been dubbed as gimmick by farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705150", "title": "Will Hanuman.Com punch win fans and festivals too?", "text": "KOLKATA: MMS, sms, Laptop, and now, .Com. Technology has invaded our lives, so why should it not invade the Bengali screen?Prosenjit is shooting for Hanuman.Com two lanes away from TOI, in Sarbadhikary House near Sealdah. The building has Time written all over it - in the wooden chairs, in the four-poster bed, the dressing table, 'thakurer singhasan' (altarpiece). There's just no mistaking the 'Bangali' ambience in the almirah-lined 'baithak khana' that's now the proud location of Anjani Putra's computer. But the virtual persona of the star dressed in a khadi kurta is travelling through space, time, red tapes and visa regimes, to establish friendship with a certain Maria in Reykjavik .Standing next to the door his wife, enacted very fluidly by newcomer Moushumi Bhattacharya, tries to attract the attention of this modern-day avtar of Hanuman. In vain. The school teacher from a remote village in Bengal's Birbhum district is getting to know the woman who's absent on his map but speaking from his monitor. \"Are you a ghost?\" he asks, chuckling at his own sense of humour.It's a curious scenario that Gaurav Pandey is busy capturing after Shukno Lanka. The unit has returned from Iceland , and over the weekend it'll shoot in Santiniketan. What's the link between the two sites that are poles apart? \"The internet!\" The director's choice of the location was deliberate. \"Iceland is the end of the world, literally. You cannot go further. It's not on the map - just as a village in the backwaters isn't. And that's the beauty of the Net - it can bring together Guatemala and the Sunderbans!\"With that, the director gives a blueprint of the film that will unravel the impact of technology on modern life. But what happens when Anjani lands up in Iceland? One can imagine him in a monkey cap but will he be wrapped in a shawl? Does he speak Icelandic, English, or 'Benglish'? Does he feast on whales or seek a Bangladeshi restaurateur? Does he shop for Viking garbs or does he stand stupefied by the stunning glaciers, fjords, lavafields, and Midnight sun?Above all, does he find Maria, or lose his 'misthi bou' in the process? The questions crowd our mind since this is the first time an Indian has trained his camera on that Nordic horizon. \"Yes, today technology builds bridges between people but it also wrecks relationships,\" Gaurav knows. \"It's easier to break up when you don't have to face emotional outbursts - so people are saying 'talaq' through sms. That's how Daniel Day Lewis parted with Juliet Binoche !\"But, from what I've seen so far, technology will not be a villain in Hanuman.Com as it was in Eti (based on an MMS scandal), nor the hero as in Laptop. For, there's a strong dose of humour - subtle, self-deprecating - in the global love story. There's the naturalistic art design by Indranil who bagged this year's National award with Noukadubi. There's a surprising cameo by Gaurav Pandey himself. And - there's a powerpacked performance by Prosenjit.The actor has been choosing his roles with great care. In the process, he has not only build his own remarkable career but also fortified Bengali cinema. Rituparno Ghosh , Buddhadeb Dasgupta, Goutam Ghose, Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, Srijit Mukherjee, Dibakar Banerjee, and now Gaurav Pandey - the directors continue to make films that turn Tollywood-Bollywood formulas on their head. Some of these names have also redefined the popularity quotient of 'meaningful entertainers.'But though they've successfully followed up their remarkable debuts with films that can become passports to Cairo , Stockholm , Sao Paolo, or Budapest , the festivals at Cannes, Berlin , Venice or Montreal seem to have receded from the horizon of even our front ranking directors. Prosenjit once again seems to have strategised for Bengali cinema. If Hanuman.Com can garner even 50 percent of Autograph's BO draw, and get invited to 50 percent of the festivals that featured Gandu, then Tollywood can raise a toast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704446", "title": "Mumbai-Pune Expressway victims still in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the victims of Friday evening's mishap on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, Prashant B Chaudhary (50), was shifted to Bombay Hospital while the other, Chaturbhuj Tanmare (30), was being treated at MGM Hospital in Kamothe, said the police. Both victims are Pune residents.The third victim, Bhalchandra Nangre (48), had succumbed to his injuries. The three were rushed to MGM Hospital by actor Sohail Khan in his car. The Scorpio in which they were travelling collided head on with a tempo on the Expressway.Khan, who was passing by the accident spot with his friend, Aju, at that time, said, \"The Scorpio had turned over and three persons were stuck inside. I and my friend got off our car immediately to help the injured. We rushed them to MGM hospital in Kamothe,\" said Khan, adding that other motorists, who were passing by, also stopped to help them by forcing open the Scorpio's jammed door.A police official said the victims were bleeding profusely when they were rescued. Khan rushed them in his car to the hospital, which was 20 km away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705607", "title": "IAF displays enthrall kids", "text": "KANPUR: A series of functions are being organised at Air Force Station, Chakeri to mark the 80th anniversary of Indian Air Force on Monday.As part of the celebrations, static models of various types of aircraft, military weapons and modern equipment are on display for schoolchildren. Wing Commander M Suneetha Rani, Station PRO said hundreds of students from reputed local schools and colleges visited Air Force Station to have a look at the displays. One of the major attractions for the children is the AN-32 aircraft on display, and they were also told about Air Traffic Control system and other mechanisms employed by the IAF on the occasion, she said.The students were also apprised of various career opportunities in the IAF. \"The visit would inspire and motivate the schoolchildren to choose a challenging career with the Air Force,\" Rani said.AFMC senior's two-day visitMajor General B K Chopra Ati Vishisht Seva Medal senior consultant (Surgery) and colonel commandant of Armed Force Medical Services was on a two-day visit to 7 Air Force Hospital, Cantt on October 4 and 5. He was received by Air Commodore RK Ranyal VSM, AOC, 7 Air Force Hospital and briefed in detail about various aspects in the functioning of the hospital.During his tour, the general inspected departments of hospital and interacted with veterans at the ECHS Polyclinic. He addressed doctors and nursing officers of 7 Air Force Hospital emphasising multitasking by surgeons and allied specialties to render holistic care to the patients.He emphasised importance of meticulous planning and judicious approach in procuring equipment for modernisation of departments. He stressed research and academic activities to be undertaken to improve skills in various specialties.Major general Chopra was accompanied by his wife Vandana Chopra, who was received by Shail Ranyal, president, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA, local). She visited various AFWWA ventures and family wing of the hospital.She appreciated efforts made by AFWWA in welfare of families of the hospital staff and congratulated sanginis for the same.During his tour, the general inspected departments of hospital and interacted with veterans at the ECHS Polyclinic", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709256", "title": "Heritage conservations: Restoring art", "text": "Chhatrapati Shivaji Vastu Sangrahalaya kicks off a 30-month-long nationwide project worth Rs 3 crore to turn regular Joes into heritage conservationists.On the second floor of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS), a hospital for art is in session. 'Surgeons' draped in lab coats work with the focus and pace known to inhabit medicine emergency boot camps.Vaidehi Savnal bends keenly over a 1963 acrylic painting by Harikishan Lall, sticking black paint on a lesion-sized bald patch. She is assistant conservator at The Museum Art Conservation Center (MACC) housed in the building. Her colleague Dilip Mestri is using a microscope to click microphotographs of the damage that time has done on a manuscript from Emperor Akbar's atelier. In a corner far away, assistant conservation scientist Shilpa Kamat is working on a pigment database that can help restoration experts match colours on ancient paintings.This workforce led by art conservation consultant Anupam Sah is behind the ambitious 30-month-long Art Conservation Resurgence Project (ACRP) that will cover nine states across India, namely Maharashtra, Jammu and Kashmir , Tamil Nadu, Arunachal Pradesh , Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala, Goa and Rajasthan.A first-of-its-kind initiative to conserve India's rich and varied heritage, ACRP is supported by the Sir Dorabji Tata Trust and will cost a little over Rs 3 crore. Kicked off in February this year, it is expected to wind up by May 2014.By the middle of next year, conservators from the museum will train people from these nine states on preserving their heritage.The scale is boggling \u2014 any object that the MACC receives, whether from a private collector, as in the case of a map of the Fort and Esplanade area of Bombay from 1827, or from within the museum's reserves \u2014 will be adopted by the ACRP in an effort to build a database of new study material.Demand and supply \"While there is a growing demand for the resuscitation of hundreds of thousands of artefacts that lie in government, private and institutional collections across India, very few documents that serve as guides and references on how to identify progressing deterioration and treat it are available,\" says Sah.The overarching idea behind the project is, therefore, multifold. The centre will create exhaustive directories of the damage done to historic and artistic works. This is the first step. This material will then be made available for reference.In the second stage, a series of volumes of conservation treatment procedures and systems will be compiled and implemented.Working inside out, the team is already targeting objects within the CSMVS collection that need urgent attention. Additionally, they have acquired items from the Jehangir Art Gallery in Kala Ghoda.\"There are collaborating institutions that have agreed to implement professional practices so that even while the project is on, the processes can be documented to serve as case studies,\" Sah explains. But the real change is likely to happen on field. The team has already visited the Tawang Monastery in Arunachal Pradesh, Basgo Monastery in Leh and the Stapathis in Tamil Nadu \u2014 a community engaged in the construction and repair of temples. At Basgo, the team stumbled on 400-year-old manuscripts that were stained, torn and taped. Written in Bhoti, they spoke of Buddhism and the life monks and laymen must lead. At Tawang, they found metal sculptures, garments of previous Dalai Lamas and thangkas. Most were decaying due to improper storage. In addition to acquiring information from locals \u2014 like Sah did while chatting with a village elder in Basgo, learning about the traditional methods of making paper and ink used in manuscripts \u2014 the real challenge before the team is to turn locals from varied ethnic communities into independent restorers. Project coordinator and assistant conservator Nidhi Shah says, \"By the middle of next year, we plan to have conservators from the museum visit select institutions across the nine states, and train a skilled force in the art of preserving their own antiquities.\"Expert locals The training sessions will begin with technical discussions on the maintenance of recognised subject areas, whether oil paintings, manuscripts, miniatures, ceramics and glass, or terracotta and metal. \"Once through, the sector experts at these workshops will critically examine the contents of this project's documentation. If someone has a suggestion to improve the data, they can share it. It's they who will decide which objects from the hundreds that need attention should be tackled first,\" says Sah. Participants will play a proactive role in freezing the methodology of conservation for a particular type of artefact, and discuss examination methods and their practical applicability, remedial conservation processes, and tools.This will then be followed by a graphic, photographic, audio-visual documentation process, as well as the laying down of preventive conservation guidelines. Since the nine states on the final list experience contrasting climatic conditions, the damage weather can do to artefacts across the country, is varied. The data that will be thrown up is expected to thus be comprehensive. In the spirit of going local, the project intends to adopt the crowdsourcing model, and upload all data collected for anyone to access online. \"It will be like Wiki in nature, and up by December. Anyone who has a restoration technique to share, for instance, can add it. This is how we will proceed until all key content crystallises into a publication,\" says ACRP member Isaac Matthews.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705804", "title": "Government denies information on Rahul\u2019s foreign trips", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the controversy rages on about Sonia Gandhi's foreign travels, a leading academic in the national capital has said that her efforts to get details of Rahul Gandhi's trips have also met with silence.Madhu Purnima Kishwar, a senior fellow at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies (CSDS), said she had filed two RTI applications regarding the Gandhi family. \"The first one was regarding the Time Capsule buried by Indira Gandhi during the Emergency. I approached every possible official agency likely to be in the know with an RTI application, including the PMO. Each one expressed ignorance about the Time Capsule. My appeal is pending with the Central Information Commissioner,\" she said.The second \"pertains to Rahul Gandhi's foreign trips. I filed this RTI on 16.04.2012.\" In both the cases she is yet to get a proper response. Kishwar said she was forced to file the RTI on Rahul's foreign travels after a chance encounter with a mid-level Congress leader, who spoke about the huge number of foreign trips by the Gandhi scion.\"I was truly puzzled by the intensity of the anger of this Congressman because the impression given in the media is that Congressmen cannot see any future without the First Family and are anxiously awaiting Rahul to take charge. Unwilling to believe his charges at face value, I decided to actually file an application,\" she said.In her RTI, Kishwar asked how many foreign trips Rahul has undertaken ever since he took charge as the AICC general secretary in September, 2007, which are the countries he has visited, the duration of each trip, how many of these visits were official and the mode of transport used among other queries.\"Even if Rahul Gandhi or Sonia Gandhi are frequent travellers abroad, why hide it? Worse still, why are Congressmen and Congresswomen responding with such venomous fury when citizens of this country seek this information?\" she said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704840", "title": "Govt cap turns heat on piped LPG users", "text": "CHENNAI: Piped LPG supply in apartment complexes across the country may soon be a thing of the past as the government cap of six cylinders has put households in a quandary. Since reticulated LPG supplied to several kitchens from a single bank of cylinders is considered as one account, agencies say they have no option but to charge the unsubsidised price from the seventh cylinder. This means the families will have to pay almost double every month.Oil company sources said there were nearly one lakh reticulated LPG connections across the country. The reticulated LPG system involves a central storage point from where pipelines carry the gas to different apartments. The usage is metered at every kitchen.\"About 2.4 lakh families across the country depend on this system,\" said a senior executive of Indian Oil Corporation . \"We cannot make an exception to such connections and hence they may have to shift to individual connections.\" He added that it was the competing oil companies that got apartment complexes to go in for piped supply to get customers in groups. Now, the families will have to fend for themselves.The cap of six cylinders a year may not pinch a small family of three that consumes not more than that, but even a small apartment complex of 30 flats would suffer heavily as the six-cylinder ceiling would not last even a day.Among those affected in Chennai are 64 families in Ceebros Garden apartment complex at Virugambakkam. The complex has been using a reticulated connection from Bharat Petroleum since 2005.Recently Bharat Gas sent a letter stating that they are entitled to only three more cylinders for the subsidised price this financial year. Residents feel it is unfair. \"We don't have individual connections. This means we have to pay several times more for LPG,\" said Ravi Shankar , a resident of Ceebros Garden. Homemakers felt the reticulated system was useful as it did away with waiting periods. \"I've been paying less than 300 a month. Now I don't know how much the bill would be,\" said Neha Bavo, another resident.All-India LPG Distributors' Federation president Pratap Doshi said such families will have to start paying more soon, as only three more cylinders would be given at the subsidised rate till March 2013.Among those affected in the city are 64 families in Ceebros Garden apartment at Virugambakkam. These families will have to start paying more soon, as only three more cylinders would be given at the subsidised rate till March, 2013, as per new regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16704300", "title": "Ista Hotels Champions Trophy: Montezuma for feature", "text": "PUNE: Pesi Shroff-trained 3-year-old colt Montezuma can strike in the Ista Hotels Champions Trophy, the feature event of the Sunday's Pune Races. This is his first run and he appears in good touch to make it a winning debut. Imtiaz Sait's Home Advantage is the biggest danger to Montezume's chances. There are nine races on Sunday with first starting at 1 pm.Selections1. Piccolina Plate: Bonobo 1, Apache Indian 2.2. Versaki Trophy: Rodeo 1, Brunello 2.3. Hawke Bay Plate-Div-II: Divine Inspiration 1, Step Up 2.4. Kir Royale Plate : Coccinella 1, Yuville 2.5. October Handicap: Macedonian 1, Scarlet Regent 2.6. Ista Hotels Champions Trophy: Montezuma 1, Home Advantege 2.7. Motilal Gopaldas Mathurawala Gold Trophy: Senor Hill 1, Winds Of Fortune 2.8. Ray Of Light Plate: Afrojack 1, Borak 2.9. Hawke Bay Plate-Div-I: Bucharest 1, Mountain Song 2.Day's best: Coccinella", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705649", "title": "Milk price hike: Report tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An expert committee, entrusted by Milma to prepare a detailed report on the proposed price hike of milk and dairy products, is expected to submit its report to the cooperative director board here on Monday.The Milma director board will take a final decision on the magnitude of the hike based on the recommendations of the 10-member committee. \"The board might discuss the report on Monday or Tuesday. In any case, the price hike will be enforced by early next week,\" a Milma official said here on Saturday.According to Milma, it needs to hike the price by at least Rs 8 a litre if farmers are to be given a fair deal. However, sources in the board said the director board was likely to restrict the hike to Rs 5.Prices of all dairy products and cattle fodder produced by Milma would also see a substantial increase. Milma chairman P T Gopala Kurup has already said that Milma has been struggling to provide cattle fodder to farmers at the present rate. The price of cattle fodder in the open market has registered more than 65% increase in the past few weeks. Milma and Kerala Feeds together cater to only around 50% of the fodder market share in the state. The rise in transportation charges following the fuel price hike has also been forcing Milma to overhaul the price structure of its products.A high court order had, in 2011, upheld Milma's right to fix and revise the price of its products as and when necessary. Following this, the state's role in decisions on price hike has become nominal. However, the top brass of Milma had met minister for dairy development K C Joseph here last week and apprised him of the reasons for the imminent price hike. The minister too had agreed with Milma's stand on hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704245", "title": "Officials go over the top with artwork at meet venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: The otherwise majestic Royal Bengal tiger looks more like a droopy, tame 'pet' at Hitex-HICC, the official venue of the ongoing CoP-11 biodiversity meet. Brought in by the organisers, garish models of the national animal sitting right in the middle of Hitex are doing little to impress visitors. Instead, they are only adding to the mess created by the already chaotic 'beautification' drive undertaken to spruce up the host city. Worse are the jarring deer statues and fake elephant heads hanging haphazardly at various corners of the sprawling venue.If that's not enough, there are also out-of-shape models of marine creatures like the crab which looks rather lost at its station along the many walkways. That the creator of these artistic pieces has painted them in the many shades of pink and orange means that visitors are often left guessing what species of animal they are looking at instead of appreciating the efforts put in by the organisers. The animal models, hurriedly dumped at the venue for a 'biodiversity' feel, are strewn around the venue.Adding to the poor aesthetics of the area is the bright pink-coloured seating dotting the Hitex food court. Now, who wouldn't want a dash of glaring pink at a biodiversity meet? It is at the same zone that a mannequin couple (male, female) was seen standing tall on Saturday donning ethnic Indian attire. Sadly, neither the crumpled kurta-pajama nor the poorly colour-coordinated salwar-kameez reflected the grace that these clothes usually carry. \"The city could have used this global meet to showcase India and its bright diversity and culture. But these shabbily done models paint a very poor picture. It also shows the half-baked efforts of the authorities towards hosting the event,\" said an Indian participant present at the event.Away from the venue, the story is much the same at various roads and junctions in the city. If at some places the carvings along the flyover are already crumbling, elsewhere, the work has been abandoned midway. As a result, these 'beautification' attempts have left the city only more ugly. That the freshly-laid tar is also found washed away in many parts, thus exposing the craters and manholes, is another story.\"Such is the case that every morning, after the night's downpour, workers are seen laying a fresh coat on the roads. Only shows how shoddily the initial work was done,\" said Suresh K, a regular commuter on the Banjara Hills-Hi-Tec stretch. Municipal officials, in charge of the work, could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16706709", "title": "13 overhead tanks to be operational by December", "text": "VARANASI: Managing director of UP Jal Nigam, AK Mittal said that the newly constructed 13 overhead tanks in the city would be operational by December.During his review meeting, UP urban development minister, Azam Khan raised doubts on the quality of works of the 20 overhead tanks constructed by one company for UPJal Nigam. After the minister's meeting, UPJN MD expressed the possibility of making 13 out of 20 overhead tanks functional in coming two months.He said 95 percent construction work of the tanks had been completed and only the final touches were pending. He further stated that the widening of feeder line in 200 meter area, to supply the water to these tanks from Bhadaini, has also to be done. With these developments, the 13 overhead tanks would be brought in use, added Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16711175", "title": "Amandeep beats Aditi in play-off, wins Usha Eastern India golf", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Amandeep Drall of Chandigarh came through a tense and exciting play-off against the National champion, Aditi Ashok to bag her first title of the season at the USHA Eastern India Ladies Golf on Sunday.Starting the day tied with Aditi at six-over 148, Amandeep won the first play-off hole to take the title after both were tied at 76 for the day and 11-over 224 total for three days.Millie Saroha (75), who needed a birdie on the 18th hole in regulation play, managed only a par and ended third at 225.Former Asian Games 800m gold medalist, Charles Borromeo of Tata Steel , was the chief guest and he gave away the prizes at the Golmuri Golf Course.Seher Atwal, who played a fine final round of 74, was fourth at 229 alongwith Gurbani Singh (76). Ridhima Dilawari (75) was sixth at 230 while Gursimar Badwal (75) and Raksha Phadke (82) tied for seventh at 233.When play began on the final day both Amandeep and Aditi were tied at six-over. Amandeep bogeyed the first hole, but Aditi did likewise at the second. Then Aditi suddenly raced ahead as she benefitted from two-shot swings on the third and fourth, where she birdied and Amandeep bogeyed.But Amandeep, who was winless this season, kept her cool and birdied the sixth to narrow the gap to three. Then it was Aditi's turn to falter as she double bogeyed the par-5 seventh, which Amandeep safely parred to reduce the gap to one.When they reached the tenth, Aditi was one ahead, but she bogeyed the par-5 11th and both were at level once again. A birdie from Amandeep on the par-4 13th put her ahead for the first time. The two girls then played neck and neck. Playing nervously they both bogeyed the next three holes and parred the 17th.At the 18th tee, Amandeep held a one-shot advantage, but she dropped a shot and Aditi holed her par putt to send the match into a play-off. But in the play-off, Amandeep held her nerve and grabbed the title.Millie Saroha (75) had the consolation of topping Group A with Gurbani second, but Aditi took Category B honours, where Seher Atwal was second.In Category C, Riya Ahuja (83) beat Arushi Pandey to the top honours with a total of 251, while in Category D, Tanishka Kumar (88) was the winner at 261 with Esha Sharma (90) finishing second.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16706159", "title": "Frequent flight cancellations leave passengers stranded", "text": "INDORE: Pawan Mishra, a software engineer from the city could not appear for an interview in Mumbai and lost a possible job as his flight was cancelled at the last moment. Mishra is not the only one from the city who has faced problem due to frequent cancellation of flights at the last moment. There are many who are facing inconveniences due to it, more so for last two weeks.The biggest sufferers are international travellers, people who have connecting flights and travellers who had booked ticket months in advance to save few bucks.\"I learnt about the cancellation of flight only after arriving at the airport,\" said Mishra. The intimation came at the eleventh hour and there was no way that I could have made an alternate arrangement, he added.Prem Singh Chawla, an entrepreneur had to catch an international flight from Mumbai in the evening. For that he had booked a ticket on Indore-Mumbai flight that leaves in the afternoon, but he failed to catch international flight as the afternoon flight from Indore was cancelled at the last moment.\"I had to catch an international flight from Mumbai in the evening so I had booked a ticket in Indore-Mumbai Jet Konnect flight which was scheduled to take off from Indore at 1.40 pm. But when I reached the airport, I was informed that my flight has been cancelled and the next flight from Indore to Mumbai was at 8.40 pm. There was no way to reach Mumbai on time to catch my international flight, which I ultimately missed,\" said Chawla adding that he was not communicated in advance about the cancellation of flight.Similarly Jacob Bimla and five of her associates who are working with a missionary organization in the city are facing inconvenience due to last minute cancellation of flight. Bimla told TOI that she had booked tickets for six people for the Cochin-Hyderabad-Indore sector three months back. Her flight was supposed to take off from Cochin at 8.25 am and reach Hyderabad at 10.45 am from where she had a flight for Indore at 12.05 pm.\"Now the airline has discontinued the afternoon flight for Hyderabad-Indore few days ago so I am forced to reschedule my travel and reach Indore via Mumbai. I have to reach Indore on October 8 and it will now cost me heavily to book ticket two days before the scheduled travel,\" said Bimla adding that now she will not be able to reach Indore in night and will not be able to attend the programme scheduled at 3 pm on Monday.T K Jose of Jose Travels said that the cancellation of flights has caused great inconvenience to air travellers from Indore for the last fortnight.\"Flights are cancelled at the last moment leaving the passengers who have to take connecting flights stranded,\" said Jose adding that they also face problem in booking as they don't know whether there will be flights the next day or not.Afternoon flights for Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad are being cancelled regularly. Main problem is with the flights of Jet Airways which has maximum flights from Indore.Sources in the industry said that flight cancellation in tier-two cities happens mainly because of discontinued operation of Kingfisher Airways . Airlines are shifting their flights from tier-two cities to profitable routes like connecting metro cities.Tapan Kulkarni, station manager of Jet Airways said on being inquired about the reason for frequent cancellation of flights told TOI, \"Flights are being cancelled due to operational reasons.\" He however refused to elaborate on the operational reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16706441", "title": "Utensil-makers lay siege to EB office", "text": "MADURAI: Frustrated over the deteriorating power situation in the district, workers of stainless steel utensils units in Sellur laid siege to the local electricity board office in the city on Saturday.Nearly 100 workers held siege to the Tagore Nagar sub-station near Sellur, raising slogans against the power crisis that has affected their livelihood. There are many stainless steel and aluminium utensils manufacturing units situated in Sellur area in Madurai city while many more such small-scale units are situated in other parts of the city as well as Othakadai in rural limits.The manufacturing units that mostly run on contract basis, struggle to operate due to erratic power supply as the units need power to complete most of the processes. Creating a stainless steel utensil involves a seven-stage process.Though the power situation was slightly better for the three days in the beginning of the month, the situation worsened again from Tuesday as the city and rural areas were crippled by frequent power cuts even during night time. The workers of these units came on to streets and staged a demonstration in front of the EB office. K Thilagar, president of the workers association, said they were not able carry out any work in the units.\"The power scenario is pathetic as there was hardly four hours' power supply on Friday. We are not able to carry out any work in the units. Our workers spontaneously took out the demonstration on Saturday, unable to tolerate the continuous power outage,\" he added. \"We need at least a few hours of uninterrupted power supply in a day so that we can complete some work. But we are not able to finish any work due to unpredicted power outages. We are struggling to make a living with this power crisis,\" rued R Lakshmanan, a polisher in one of the units.The workers later submitted a petition to the assistant engineer in the sub-station, asking for uninterrupted power during day time. They also said the electricity board could even consider power holidays in a week for the purpose. \"We have submitted the petition, but it is unlikely the situation will improve any further,\" Thilagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jyoteshwar (narsinghpur)", "code": "16706015", "title": "Seers gearing to resume agitation on Ganga", "text": "JYOTESHWAR (NARSINGHPUR): Continued neglect of a polluted Ganga threatens to whip up the saffron fury once again as seers gear up to resume their fight for purging the holy river.Talking to the Times of India on Saturday, Jagadguru Shankaracharya Swaroopanand Swaraswati, who had deferred the Ganga Seva Abhiyan last June for three months after assurance from Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal , said \"inaction on the front is highly disappointing, and if the issue has been pushed on the backburner by political bosses the agitation will be resumed with renewed vigour\".The Abhiyan, launched in 2008 in Varanasi had gained high momentum after the Shankaracharya threw his weight behind it. His wish list announced at Jantar Mantar on June 18 included among others, alternative power generating measures for Uttarakhand to ensure that the character, sanctity and flow of Ganga remained uninterrupted.Stating that the Union minister met him \"as an emissary of the prime minister with a promise to resolve the ticklish issue in next three months\", the Shankaracharya said that the deadline has expired on September 29. Convener of the Abhiyan, Swami Abhi Mukteshwaranand, said, he had paid him a visit last Friday and sought guidance over the future course of action\". I have asked him to take a delegation to the prime minister, president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi . If there has been no progress in the matter, we will be left with no option but to intensify the agitation, he added.\"Jaiswal, during the meeting with the seer, had promised to honour all our demands, claimed Abhi Muktananad. We were told that the expert committee headed by member planning commission B K Chaturvedi would submit its report in three months and the implementation would follow. Now there are reports that Chaturvedi has sought a month-long extension. Meanwhile our supporters - activists and saints alike, are getting restless. Six protestors, who were fasting unto death in June before the minister's visit, are already prepared to give up food and water, he said.A highly surcharged Swaroopanand said that the seer's bid to purge and free Ganga is a highly emotive issue for masses. \"They know we are not doing it for power or office nor we harbour any political agenda. The government, he hoped \"would not be naive to play down the demand and look for escape routes\".Stressing the need for a central body to monitor and supervise Ganga cleaning the Shankaracharya said pollution in the national river is too grave an issue to be left to the mercy of states like UP, Bengal, Jharkhand or Uttarakhand.\"Uttarakhand for instance is going ahead with the hydro electric generating plants only to boost its revenue. The extra money will only mean a fatter salary for government officers and a hike in MLA funds at the cost of Ganga,\" he said, adding, \"We will not allow that\".The aged seer recuperating in his ashram has already given a call for Dilli chalo (march) on November 25 \"if the government plays deaf and mute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705335", "title": "Electronic meters for autos soon?", "text": "KANPUR: The administration may soon make installation of electronic meters in the city's auto-rickshaws mandatory.While no deadline has yet been decided for implementation of the rule, a decision in this regard was taken in a meeting of senior authorities on Friday in which the divisional commissioner, Shalini Prasad sought major changes in the city's transport system. Sources in the regional transport office said the electronic meters for auto-rickshaws will be made compulsory very soon.It is important to mention here that most auto-rickshaws in the city are either running without meters or have mechanical meters, much to the passengers' chagrin. The officials have also ordered monitoring of the public transport vehicles on a regular basis. The divisional commissioner also extended the maximum fitness age limit of school vehicles from 12 years to 15 years. She also directed increase in limit of other public vehicles in the city after a proper fitness test.With regard to renewal of permits of auto-rickshaws, the official proposed the lottery system and first come first serve basis. She also demanded a survey of vehicles running on petrol, diesel and CNG in the city. With the aim of enhancing public safety and facilitating smooth transport system, a decision on computerisation of public vehicles was also taken in the meeting. District magistrate MP Agarwal also directed the RTO and other departments concerned to take strict action against illegal parking, overloading and rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16704396", "title": "400 kg of ganja seized", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Rural Police on Saturday seized around 400 kgs of ganja near Anthala village of Koyyuru mandal in agency area on Saturday and took three persons into custody. They also seized two motor bikes and four mobile phones from the ganja smugglers.Police estimate that the ganja was worth more than Rs 16 lakh. The arrested persons were identified as D Adappa of Golugonda, ARS Babu of Munagapaka and Y Gopal of Koyyuru. However, two of their accomplices managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hubli/dharwad", "code": "16705529", "title": "Partial response to bandh in North Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI/DHARWAD: The 'Karnataka bandh' call given by various pro-Kannada organizations and political parties on Saturday against the government's move in releasing Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu evoked mixed response in north Karnataka region.Members of pro-Kannada organizations in all district headquarters came in processions and burnt the effigy of the central government and tyres on roads. All schools and colleges were closed but bus service was as usual.The bandh received a good response in Hubli as all shops remained closed on the main roads of KC Circle, Vidya Nagar, Deshpande Nagar, Hosur, Gokul Road, Dajiban Peth, Durgad Bail and other areas of city. Schools and colleges declared holiday and government offices, banks and other offices closed before 11am.Various pro-Kannada organizations took out a precession from KC circle to the tahshildar office and submitted a memorandum to the tahshildar. Bus and auto services were hit for two hours between 11am to 1pm, but after that busses and auto rickshaws plied as usual. Cinema halls were shut till evening. Though some vendors were on streets, they hardly got any business. Speaking to STOI, Chandrashekar Belli, a fruit vendor of Durgad bail said there was no business in the absence of customers. Very few shops remained open.The call for Karnataka bandh over Cauvery issue has not gone well with the people in north Karnataka as they feel that people in south Karnataka have been indifferent to the problems faced by those in the northern parts of the state. Failure of people in south Karnataka to respond to agitations launched by those in the northern part for the cause of Kalasa-Banduri, SW Railway zone and the high court bench is one of the reasons for the poor response to bandh call on Saturday.Business establishments including petrol pumps remained closed for a short while in Dharwad when members of organizations supporting the bandh went around the city on two-wheelers and forced shops to down shutters. Public transport system operated as usual and banks worked with their shutters half down. Auto rickshaws and other vehicles plied without disruption.Members of Karnataka Rakshana Vedike and Karnataka Sene took out a procession in Dharwad and burnt the effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalita.There was mixed response to bandh in Haveri, Gadag, Bijapur and Bagalkot districts.No impact in BelgaumBandh did little impact on normal life in Belgaum city, where schools and colleges remained open and business establishments ran as usual. KSRTC buses and private vehicles plied without any disruption. However, activists of various Kannada organizations including Karnataka Rakshana Vedike (KRV) launched a rally to the DC office from the Channamma Circle and submitted a memorandum DC Anbu Kumar. KRV activists exhibited their anger by burning tyres at Channamma Circle. Meanwhile, police took over 40 activists into custody and released later. Some Kannada activists protested by entering into water near Dhupadal Dam in Gokak taluk and chanted slogans against state and central governments. JD(S) activists headed by Sayyad Mansoor also held protest in the premises of DC office.Good response from DavanagereAll commercial establishments including hotels, petrol bunks, shops, cinema halls, banks, government offices, schools and colleges remained closed in Davanagere. All busses both KSRTC and private ones and autorickshaws were off from the roads. Members of some pro-Kannada organizations took out bike rally on Saturday morning and forced shops to down shutters.People who had arranged wedding ceremonies of their kin on Saturday at several choultries of Davanagere faced miseries due to bandh, as there were no autorickshaws and buses on the roads. Though they had bought grocery and vegetables beforehand and stored at choultries on Friday evening itself, there was no scope for last-minute buying of provisions.Life normal in H-K regionLife went on as usual in Gulbarga, Yadgir, Bidar, Bellary and Raichur districts. Various pro-Kannada organizations took out rallies to extend their support to bandh call. North East Karnataka Road Transport Corporation buses plied as per schedule. School and colleges had declared holiday.No takers for bandh in KarwarBarring some protests in some parts of the district, life was as usual for people of Uttara Kannada. Karwar, the commercial hub of the district failed to respond to the bandh call. Schools, colleges, government offices, banks remained open. Public transport system and auto rickshaws plied as usual. Business in Karwar port was not affected by the bandh. Despite the fact that the bandh was supported by various political parties, it had no takers in Karwar and other taluks of coastal Uttara Kannada.Protest marches were held in Bhatkal and other places in the coastal taluks. In Bhatkal pro-Kannada activists blocked national high way 17 and raised the slogans against Tamil Nadu and the Union government. When questioned why people in Karwar did not respond to the bandh a shopkeeper said that on October 3, a half-day bandh was observed in Karwar against shifting the medical college from Karwar to Sirsi. Another bandh in three days would have cost us dear, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705347", "title": "Seeds worth Rs 55 lakh sold at agri fair", "text": "KANPUR: Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology has set a new record by selling seeds worth Rs 55.80 lakh during the four-day Krishi Mela held at its campus from October 3 to 6. Last year, during the same fair, CSA could only manage to sell seeds worth Rs 38 lakh.While the varsity failed to achieve its target set at Rs 95 lakh this year, it sold 1,000 quintals of wheat seeds alone this time. Some 100 quintals of chickpea, 28 quintals of mustard, 50 quintals of barley, 40 quintals of pea, 25 quintals of vegetable, five quintals of linseed, and seven quintals of lentil seeds were sold during this year's Krishi Mela.The seed-selling stalls that are put up on the CSA campus during the fair every year attract hundreds and thousands of farmers who travel from far off places to buy the seeds. Talking to TOI, Prof Naushad Khan, spokeperson for CSA university said the trend of buying seeds from the university is on a continuous rise over the past two years.\"With each passing year, we are setting records for selling more and more seeds. This is fetching us higher revenues. The demand for all kinds is high, particularly so for the foundation seed of wheat,\" said Prof Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16706513", "title": "Missing link in lost kids", "text": "It was a strange phone call, says Anuj Bhargava. A man called Arun was calling from Belgium. Sometime in the '80s, said Arun, he'd been sold for $8,000 to a Belgian couple by an orphanage in Chennai. He had an old photograph with him. Of him and a man \u2014 the man who had abducted Arun from his family. Could Anuj help find his family? Anuj, a trustee of the NGO National Centre for Missing Children, called his local newspaper in Indore asking whether they had a correspondent in Chennai and if he could track down Arun's family. Soon, a woman who claimed to be Arun's mother was found. But only a few weeks later, Arun called back to say the search should be called off. Apparently, the police had begun to harass the woman. Anuj wonders how much longer this will carry on. His website missingindiankids .com puts up pictures of missing children from around the country, asking viewers to take printouts and put them up. So far, in 10 years, the website has been able to reunite just six children with their parents. That's a tiny drop in the ocean, considering the government recently put the figure at 12 to 13 lakh missing children in India every year. Yet, this is not a lost cause. People like Arun, can be reunited with their parents , no matter how many years later the children reappear, often as adults. And a solution is being offered to us from Spain, by Professor Jose A Lorente, a forensic geneticist with the University of Granada most famous for identifying the remains of Christopher Columbus and South American liberator Simon Bolivar. Nowadays, though, he worries more about the world's missing children. It started in Lima (Peru) a decade ago, while Lorente was there to identify the bodies of some terrorists. When he saw the street kids, he wondered what the police were doing to send them back to their parents. \"Nothing,\" the police said. That spurred him to go to 15 countries \u2014 including Guatemala, Peru, Brazil, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Nepal \u2014 to build databanks which store the DNA of parents who have lost children. That way, when the children are found, a search of the DNA databank will allow the child to be reunited the parents. Lorente, however, has had little luck in India. India has been talking about a national DNA databank \u2014 which would encompass the parents of missing children , DNA from the 30,000-50 ,000 dead bodies that are found each year, and from convicted criminals \u2014 since 1998, when the idea was first mooted at the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics in Hyderabad, but nothing much has happened. In July 2007, after the abduction and murders of children in Nithari (Noida), the NHRC had in a report recommended that a national database of missing children be compiled on a priority basis. The database would be made up of text and pictures, no DNA was to be collected. But PC Sharma, the former NHRC member who presented the report, says the database was never built. While officials within the NHRC hinted that the responsibility was passed on to the then newlyconstituted National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), Professor Shantha Sinha, chairperson of NCPCR, says she was never made aware of it being passed on to her. But yes, she says, the database is needed. More optimistically, Prem Narain, secretary of the ministry of women and child development \u2014 which will have to take final responsibility for a database or DNA databank of missing children \u2014 had said last month that they will soon be inaugurating an online database of such children. To be called Track Child, Narain said he hoped the database would finally help return as many as 40% of kids to their parents. He added Track Child will \"definitely be inaugurated by the end of this year or early next year\" . But that is not enough. A simple database does not stop illegal adoptions. Today, how do we know that a man or woman giving up a child for adoption is actually that child's parent? \"A DNA test would ascertain that,\" says Lorente. \"It would also push down the number of children who are trafficked and forced into prostitution.\" Lorente's databanks have so far reunited about 550 children with their families, and have stopped 200 illegal adoptions. Dr VK Kashyap, former chief of the directorate of forensic science services (DFSS), which will finally be responsible for the national DNA databank, says Rs 20 crore had in principle been approved for a pilot project. \"The databank would be built on the public-private partnership model. There would, finally, be 30 to 40 collection centres around the country where DNA would be collected. The collection centres would be run by private companies but the central databank would be managed by the government.\" He is hard-pressed to answer why it hasn't been done as yet. So is Dr CN Bhattacharya, the current chief of the DFSS. On the phone from Guwahati, where he is touring, he says he has just taken over the DFSS, so it is difficult to say why it's taken so long to build the databank. But he says the pilot project will take off soon. Narain adds that a DNA databank of missing children, while wanted, is difficult to imagine right now. That maybe the numbers are too big here for us to be able to afford it. According to Kashyap, each DNA test should cost about Rs 1,000. The NGOs are harsher. The government is slow to move, they say, because so many children go missing every year. If the figures are put up for public display , the numbers will add up so fast, there will be a furore. What will the government do then? Meantime, small disparate efforts are being made to try and stop this flood of missing children. Rishi Kant of the NGO Shakti Vahini talks about starting an emergency number on which worried parents would report the loss of a child. His NGO then will watch out for those children in the railway stations of Delhi and Mumbai, the major distribution points for trafficked children. Kant, who talks about a 16-year-old girl being rescued from the Delhi home of a doctor couple on Friday \u2014 she'd been abducted as a four-year-old and for the last year the doctor had been sexually abusing her while his wife had been feeding her anti-pregnancy pills, says his team harangues the police every day to raid another home. Getting the girl to her parents, though, is a different story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705345", "title": "The building \u2018blocks\u2019 of education", "text": "KANPUR: The foundation of every State may be the education of its youth, but what happens to the youth of a state in which the foundation of education itself is built on rickety buildings and lack of the most basic of amenities?In a recent order, the Supreme Court directed central and state governments to provide basic infrastructure including drinking water, toilets and electricity in all schools within six months. Half a year may seem like enough time to provide things that should have existed right from when the schools began, but the condition of the district's government schools makes the deadline appear rather too ambitious.A survey has revealed that 30% of all the school buildings in Kanpur are in a dilapidated state while only 60% of the schools have proper toilets.Shockingly, there is no electricity connection in nearly 90% of the primary schools of the district. Infrastructure aside, many irregularities were also found in dresses, books and meals being provided in Parishadiya and Prathmik Vidyalayas in the recent inspection conducted by block level officers and Nagar Shiksha Adhikari on orders of the Basic Shiksha Adhikari.According to Nagar Shiksha Adhikari Narendra Pawal, the officials have made a detailed report of several schools where poor quality dress materials, less than required books, and piteous food in the name of mid day meals is supplied to the kids. In the list, majority of schools in the rural areas were found violating norms pertaining to dress, books and mid day meals, while schools in the city suffered from irregularities in infrastructure.Hundreds of schools in the city are being run in dilapidated buildings, where the children are often made to sit on the ground. In a recent survey conducted by TOI, the average student to teacher ratio in the city's primary schools is 70:1.A single teacher plays different roles in several schools. In several cases, a single room defines the school and the children are forced to study under trees or in the open even during inclement weather. Meanwhile, a lot of schools exist only on paper.At Shastri Nagar primary school, the corridor of the building has turned into a mini pond after rain. Water has entered classrooms too, and the teachers are therefore conducting classes in the open.The government primary school in Vijay Nagar has a single classroom in which classes from I to V are conducted. The school has one teacher, who is also the principal. Among the 43 children registered on record, 27 were absent and the remaining 16, who belonged to four different classes, were being taught by the lone teacher simultaneously during the TOI visit.At a primary school in Parade ground, it was noticed that students have to bring their own seating arrangements in the form of mats. A teacher explained that the school could not afford benches or chairs for lack of funds. Similar was the scene at a school in Darshanpurwa where the classrooms have no windows or electricity, and the students are therefore taught in the corridors which are relatively better lit.Clean drinking water only exists in wishful thinking at various primary schools including those at Shastri Nagar, Vijay Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, and Rawatpur, to name a few.Even the parents of the children have noticed these conditions. Routinely, poor guardians of the children take them out of the so called schools and send them to furniture shops and the like to learn manual work and earn a livelihood.The teachers at Bhagyamani Chandra Shekhar Balika Vidyalaya at Darshan Purwa said the poor condition of toilets is one of the major reasons behind girls dropping out of schools.However, the district's education authorities say there's hope. Raj Kumar Yadav, Basic Shiksha Adhikari, conducted a surprise visit to many schools in the city on Friday. The officials accepted that the condition of primary and government schools in the city is disturbing, but also assured that the infrastructure revamp deadline will be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708547", "title": "No small screen acts for Ollywood stars", "text": "While the Bolly superstars like Amitabh Bachchan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan exploring the TV industry, Ollywood stars are yet to discover the influence of the medium.The reason they cite is that they feel their fan base might dwindle. Some even say that there are no projects on the small screen of that stature where they are comfortable to work. So BT decided to find out what exactly is keeping our actors away from the small screen?Actor Sabyasachi Mishra reasons, \"Initially, I started off doing music albums which were aired on TV before joining films. But these days I am not doing any TV project because of several constraints. I hardly get time out of my film shooting schedule. We have back-to-back shoots which leave me with no time for the small screen. Another reason is that the remuneration these channels offer are way below the mark. However, I feel that the TV industry is now picking up and eventually there will be more scope for work on the small screen.\"Meanwhile, chocolate hero Babusaan feels that there is no show yet on the television that can highlight a filmstar properly on TV. \"In Odisha, there are no so-called big shows on TV. I feel that if a top ranking star like me is cast in a serial where the canvas is small, then our audience may take it otherwise. They have often seen us on the big screen and their expectations are usually high. The project has to be that big which can accommodate a star like Amitabh Bachchan or Salman Khan. Other stars either host high-profile shows or act as judges for various reality shows. As for me, I have not received any grand offer that can entice me to do TV,\" says Babushan.However, actor Budhaditya, a top ranking star in Ollywood doesn't feel that way. According to him, it is a smart way to reach out to his fans. \"It's a bitter fact that the elite do not watch Odia movies. I wanted to reach the drawing rooms of that section. So I thought of doing the show Sadhaba Bohu , currently on air, is already hit with the audience. The only way you can make your presence felt is by being there for the audience \u2014 either by acting in films or doing TV shows. I believe sooner or later, my other colleagues too will join the bandwagon. But then one needs to be choosy. I had other offers too which I had had to refuse. I said yes to this show primarily because it highlights the Odia culture and tradition,\" explains Budhaditya before signing off. It remains to be seen whether Budhaditya's prediction comes true or not. Only time will tell...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16704262", "title": "IM Vijayan rolls back years in second coming", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The sizeable holiday crowd at University stadium had come to watch just one man. Never mind that he is 43, and making a comeback after a four-year hiatus. IM Vijayan still commands a huge fan following in Kerala, especially in Thiruvnanthapuram where he first made his mark as a footballer with Kerala Police.The majority in the crowd - who were teenagers - had never seen him play but had heard enough of Vijayan's skills on the field and they roared in approval when he quietly got up to warm up before taking field against SBT in the final of the GV Raja All-India football tournament last Tuesday.The 'fox in the box' showed glimpses of his greatness during his brief stay on the field. A flick on, a back heel or a deft pass - which invariably found space between the cluster of legs to land at the feet of the intended player - showed Vijayan hasn't lost any of his play-making ability.One of the most feared strikers India has produced, Vijayan might have slowed down with age but at the poorly lit University stadium, he commanded respect from his rivals, many of whom were playing against him for the first time.\"We played without six of our main players and were playing our 10th match in two weeks. These youngsters are solid and promising too. I'm glad that I could play with such a talented team after so many years,\" said Vijayan soon after the final which the cops lost 1-5. A week ago Kerala cops had lost to Integral Coach Factory, Chennai, by a solitary goal in the final of the TFA Shield in Chennai.\"You know I cannot be off the field for a long time,\" Vijayan told TOI about his decision to re-join Kerala Police a couple of months ago. \"I'm seriously into coaching. I will be based in Thrissur with the Kerala Police Academy. My life and soul will be for coaching kids, no doubt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16705171", "title": "Goa businesswoman held for cheating Chennai firm", "text": "CHENNAI: A city police team on Friday arrested a 38-year-old businesswoman from Goa at the Mumbai airport on charges of cheating a Chennai firm. Deepa Vengulekar, director of Christine Maurice Couture Pvt Ltd dealing with iron ore supply, was nabbed while trying to board a flight following a lookout notice issued against her.Police said Deepa of Mapusa in Goa collected 4.30 crore from S S Alagu Sundaram, owner of Chennai-based Wilson International Trading India, for supply of 50,000 tonnes of iron ore but failed to honour her commitment. The entire deal, struck in 2011, was worth 8.60 crore, police said.When repeated reminders to the businesswoman failed, Alagu Sundaram lodged a formal complaint with the Chennai police commissioner. The complaint was forwarded to the central crime branch (CCB). A case was registered and a lookout notice issued against Deepa at all airports in the country.On Friday, when Deepa went to Mumbai airport to board a flight for a foreign country, immigration officials examined her passport and found a lookout notice pending against her. They detained her and informed CCB officers in Chennai. She was brought to Chennai on Saturday and remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court in the city.A week ago, police said, Deepa had lodged a complaint with the crime branch police in Panaji , Goa against Raju D'Souza of Porvorim, accusing him of cheating her. D'Souza, the complaint said, promised to supply Deepa 15,000 tonnes of iron ore but failed to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709122", "title": "An affair to remember", "text": "Ingmar Bergman is a name that even the most indifferent filmgoer would recognise \u2014 the Swedish director is considered by many to be one of greatest filmmakers of all time. His theatre, films and documentaries captured a generation's imagination, as he dealt with themes like alienation and loneliness, faith and mortality.Bergman married five times, but divorced his last wife, Ingrid Von Ronsen in 1995, 12 years before he passed away. But his biggest love story unfolded in the summer of 1966, when Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann came to Sweden to act in Bergman's masterpiece, Persona. Both were married at the time, and Bergman was older by 22 years. The two fell in love and moved in together. Their relationship lasted five years, and a daughter, Linn, was born to them.Bergman's temperament and controlling nature led to Ullmann leaving him, but over the years, they nurtured a deep personal and professional friendship. She acted in 12 of his films. When Dheeraj Akolkar came across this story after reading a book written by Ullmann, the art director of Devdas and Lagaan realised that, right there, was the film he needed to make.What followed was a search for producers, and convincing Ullmann to come on board. The 35-year-old debutante director of Liv &amp; Ingmar speaks to TOI about the documentary that created waves at the New York Film Festival, released in theatres in Norway on September 28, and is slated for a screening at this year's Mumbai Film Festival that kicks off on October 18.The film has been officially selected in 18 international film festivals so far. What reactions have you received? They've been overwhelming. We had the festival premiere in Haugesund where we opened as the Nordic Focus at the 40th Norwegian International Film Festival. The Canadian premiere was in Montreal and the US premiere was at the 50th New York Film Festival. The response was incredible \u2014 standing ovations, packed theatres. In Montreal, the audience demanded another screening. A reporter from New York called Liv Ullmann for an interview and began crying while asking her questions. He told her that this film struck a chord with him, and that he was in the middle of a divorce. If the film can give a few answers, ask a few questions and help you on some level, then it is relevant. Liv is very moved and happy. And that matters a lot to me.What got you interested in Liv and Ingmar? It was 2006, and I was in the home of Zul Vellani, one of the legends of Indian cinema and theatre. He was a mentor to me. In his study, I found a book called Changing by Liv Ullmann. I started reading it and could not put it down. It did not seem like it was written by a superstar, but by a woman in touch with her emotions. I took the book with me when I went to London (the same year) to study. Slowly, I grew obsessed with the Bergman-Ullmann films.In 2007, Ingmar Bergman died. Many of his close associates gave interviews: Woody Allen , Jan Troell among others. But there was nothing from Liv. That is when this film came to me. I asked a Norwegian friend to bring me Liv's postal address, and she did, a year later. That's when I sent her a letter. My phone rang on February 23, 2008, around 2.30 pm London time. The voice on the phone said, 'Hello! This is Liv Ullmann.' I just had to sit down.How do you treat this film? I did not want to make a film about two great artists. It's the story of two human beings \u2014 two friends and soul mates \u2014 and so I divided it into seven chapters: Love, Loneliness, Rage, Pain, Longing, Friendship and Love. While editing, we merged the last two chapters and called it Friendship. There are several autobiographical sequences from the Ullmann-Bergman films. But they are not illustrations. They are plot points that take the narrative forward. Liv plays herself in this feature documentary, and narrates her story, so we it from her point of view. We have used Bergman's love letters to her, and were fortunate to get Swedish actor Samuel Froler to read them for screen.How was it meeting Liv? We met in Oslo for the first time on December, 15, 2010. Up until then, she was not sure she wanted to do the film. But that meeting was important and when she agreed, she did so whole heartedly. We spoke over the phone regularly for the next six months. This helped her trust the film and the people making it. Oscar winner Resul Pookutty came on board to design the sound along with Amrit Prita. My childhood friend Tushar Ghogale has edited it. Hallvard Braein shot it and Stefan Nilsson has written the score. We recorded the music with the City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra. The film has been produced by Rune Trondsen, who protected me and my vision.Were you a fan of Bergman's cinema before making this film? No. I was introduced to Bergman through Liv's book. In those pages, I came across a man quite unlike the gigantic persona he is made out to be \u2014 he was shown to be vulnerable. So many people write scandalous accounts of their relationships in order to seek sympathy or gain attention. But I found Changing graceful. That was the starting point of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16705154", "title": "Brace for a new spate of strikes", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have had enough of rallies and protests all through the last week, the one approaching doesn't promise to put an end to your suffering either. In fact, while you spent most of the time over the last few days on buses waiting for the rallies to dismantle, there may be no buses at all on the roads in the next few days.On Saturday, transport minister Madan Mitra clearly ruled out any possibility of a fare hike before Durga Puja. To add to the transporters' woes, the group of ministers on Saturday decided to raise road tax by 40%. Stunned by the double blow, a majority of transport operators are now gearing up for a strike, starting Tuesday.\"We are waiting for Monday's meeting with the transport minister. We are left with no option but go on a strike. Running a bus or a taxi means piling up of losses,\" said a transport operator.\"The fare-hike issue just did not feature in Saturday's meeting of the group of ministers on transport. So there is no scope for any upward revision of fare before this Puja. I would appeal to operators not to go on a strike before the festive season. We will definitely consider their demand after the Puja,\" Mitra said.Immediately after this announcement, the transporters unanimously declared to go off the road for an indefinite period from October 9. \"The state government has already ruined our festivity by not allowing any fare hike. Over 60% of buses have gone off the road simply because the trade has become unviable with the current fare rates. The government can infuse life into this dead fleet only by an upward revision of fare,\" said Joint Council of Bus Syndicate (JCBS) joint secretary Tapan Banerjee. To add to the burden of operators, road tax has also been hiked from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,100 in the city and from Rs 3,300 to Rs 4,620 in the district, according to operators.JCBS secretary Sadhan Das added: \"We do not even need to go on a strike. Buses are going off the road as operators are failing to run the daily expenses. We express our regret to commuters for the trouble they are going to face from Tuesday. But the state government is responsible for creating such a situation.\" Taxi drivers and minibus operators will wait till Monday before taking a call on their position.Mitra also issued a caution against autorickshaw operators who called on the minister at Writers' Buildings on Saturday, warning them not to misbehave with passengers. \"Auto drivers of about 70 routes were present on Saturday. They have been advised to give better service to the people and stop nuisances that they are causing,\" Mitra said.The minister said the auto operators were asked to provide a report on the rates they were charging. \"We will again hold another meeting before the Puja to review the issue,\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704670", "title": "Ramesh\u2019s toilet, temple remarks draw BJP flak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's comment that \"toilets were more important than temples\" has triggered a row, with the BJP slamming it as offending the religious sentiments and Congress clarifying it had respect for all religions.The unlikely row erupted in the backdrop of Ramesh's comment that the country had more temples than toilets, stressing that open defecation was the main reason for hygiene-related problems.While the comment appeared to stress the criticality of toilets for poor, the minister's formulation by contrasting it with the abundance of temples sparked off a controversy. BJP accused him of offending the religious sentiments. \"Making of toilets and having faith in a religious place of worship are two different things. India is a multi-cultural country where we should have unblemished faith in a temple, a mosque, a gurdwara or a church. You cannot juxtapose the two,\" said BJP spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy.In a caustic advice, Rudy said that Ramesh should desist from political statement and instead concentrate on \"salvaging the battered image of the UPA government\".The main opposition said it was foolhardy to get into a debate about what was more important between toilet and temple. \"It would be good for Ramesh that he stops making such comments which will destroy the fine fabric of religion and faith,\" Rudy said.Congress quickly sought to bury the row by affirming its faith in all religions even as it claimed ignorance about Ramesh's statement. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"We respect the sanctity of every religious place irrespective of the community it belongs to. I do not know the statement attributed to Ramesh. Perhaps, it could have been distorted and he is in the best position to explain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16699406", "title": "Hyderabad's Karate Kid", "text": "Syeda Falak, all of 18, is more than just a pretty face. The tough-as-nails girl made the city proud by winning a gold medal in karate at the 3rd International Indian Youth Games 2012 held at Malaysia recently.She is just 18, but her sterling achievements have made the city proud. A BA first year student of Villa Marie College for Women, Syeda Falak, who already has several national and international medals to her credit, has added another feather to her cap. The youngster has won the gold medal in the women's individual karate (kumite) category at the 3rd International Indian Youth Games 2012 which was held at AMIST University, Kedah, Malaysia, recently. \"It feels great and I'm proud to have won this medal because there were only five girls who represented India in this category, but I won. It's because of my parents' support that I have achieved this feat,\" says the karateka.At an age when most youngsters would be busy partying, hanging out with friends and studying, Syeda is striving hard to carve a niche for herself in karate. \"I was in Class VII when karate was introduced to us by our school PT teacher. And I was so fascinated with this martial arts form that I just took it up for fun. But, later I started participating in inter-school karate competitions and since then my seriousness kept growing. It has been six years now that I've been into karate and I'm enjoying it too. Also, it makes me proud to have participated in nine international and 15 national level tournaments till date,\" says Syeda. Her love for this martial arts form is clearly evident from the way she manages to balance her studies and passion. She says, \"I go to bed early and wake up at the crack of dawn because I practice karate for four hours a day - from 6 am to 8 am and 7 pm to 9 pm. I study two hours every alternate day. But, my long hours of practice don't affect my studies at all because I've a sharp memory and even if I study at the last minute, I remember everything.\"Syeda also admits that there have been times when people express amusement on knowing her passion for karate. \"All my friends encourage me and bully me at the same time,\" laughs Sayeda, adding, \"But when I meet new people, they are shocked to know that I'm a 'karate kid' and remark \"But you look so feminine'.\"And like many who are into martial arts, Syeda is a big fan of Bruce Lee. \"I'm a big fan of Bruce Lee, he's my inspiration. I've watched all his movies and fight videos,\" she says.Speaking about her future goals, Sayeda says, \"My only aim is to represent India at the Asian Games and the Olympics. Though karate is not included in the Olympics, I'll wait till 2020 for its inclusion. Also, I want to do well in my studies as I aim to be an IAS or IPS officer one day. That's why I've opted for Political Science.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704858", "title": "Two witnesses turn hostile in Sangeeta Dhanawat murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: The trial in Sangeeta Dhanawat murder case, which commenced on October 1 before Adhoc district and additional sessions judge Rajeev Pande, faced its first stumbling block with two 'panch' witnesses for inquest and spot turning hostile. The next hearing is on October 9.While the high-profile trial of Monica Kirnapure murder case is being closely followed by every section of the society, the equally sensitive trial in the murder of Sangeeta Dhanawat, a young commercial sex worker, has not generated much hype.The two cases have a few parallels though. Sangeeta, 22, was stabbed, almost in the similar manner like that in Monica Kirnapure case, 11 days after the murderous assault on the third year engineering student on March 11. While Monica's killing was widely criticized, Sangeeta's case had failed to evoke similar reactions.Sangeeta, who had succumbed on March 24 last year, was allegedly stabbed by accused Sachin Yadav as the mother of one had refused to marry him. Yadav was reportedly assisted by three others in committing the crime.Lakadganj police had registered a case of voluntarily causing hurt under section 324 of the Indian Penal code despite the fact that Sangeeta had succumbed to multiple stab injuries. Social and political activist Nutan Rewatkar raised her voice in protest following which police started taking the matter seriously. Three more persons, identified as Wasimuddin Khan, Pramod Shrivas and Mohsim Khan, were made co-accused in the case.Additional public prosecutor Hanif Hussain said the possibility of conviction in the case is high if the family members of the victim support the prosecution. \"Summons would be sent to the complainant and other witnesses in the case. Complainant Ramadevi Dhanawat, who is the aunt of the deceased, had seen the entire episode, so her examination would prove crucial,\" said Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705603", "title": "Chandra Shekhar Azad University\u2019s Krishi Mela concludes", "text": "KANPUR: Over 8,000 farmers visited Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology on the fourth and last day of Krishi Mela on Saturday.MP Yadav, director extension, CSA welcomed SP MLA Satish Nigam from Kalyanpur, the chief guest and Prof PK Sharma, vice chancellor, CSA at the closing ceremony of the Krishi Mela. The vice chancellor thereafter addressed a large gathering and highlighted before the state agriculture minister Rajeev Kumar Singh CSA's achievements in terms of agriculture education and research. He also discussed new challenges in the way of the university.While addressing the farmers, Sharma said they should adopt crop diversification and integrated farming system. He also advised them against indiscriminate fertilizer use. He said bio-fertlizers and organic fertlizers should be used instead in the fields for sustained crop growth.He thereafter called upon agro-scientists to develop low cost agriculture technologies for farmers.Mahana said the time has come for the second green revolution in the country. He urged scientists present to develop early maturing seeds that are resistant to changing temperatures and pests. He also asked the farmers to not be dependant on wheat production alone and diversify instead.At the end of the programme, the state agriculture minister released the book 'Weather-Based Decision For Growing Paddy In Central UP' jointly written by Prof AP Dubey and Prof Naushad Khan of CSA.Later, those who had put up stalls and other participants of the Krishi Mela were awarded. These included Indian Institute of Pulses Research (IIPR), Union Bank Pandu Nagar branch, and Kanpur Gramudyog. CSA University's Seed Selling Centre also received a prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705008", "title": "Elderly driven by passion and zest for life", "text": "\"Duniya ka badalna hai dasyure jahan, mehsoos naa karo toh budhapa hai kahan.\"Kamlakar Raich is a living example of this sentiment. All of eighty eight years, he can still give a twenty-year-old stiff competition in terms of agility of the mind. Singing, theatre and a penchant for poetry all add to his personality and take away years from his persona.The retired Central Railway officer has been actively doing theatre, regaling his peers with talks and taking part in various musical events. Ask him how he remembers so many couplets and he replies, \"If you passionately love something it becomes a part of your being.\"The city has its fair share of elderly persons like Raich who are making the most of their twilight years. Some are bitten by the travel bug while others are busy arranging companions for their lonely peers. Most are leading a zestful life.At 82, retired bank manager Arvind Godbole is full of ideas and has the energy to fulfil them. \"My project for developing Nakshatra van in the city has now been taken up by NMC,\" he says about the proposal to set up gardens with 27 different varieties of trees each named after the 27 nakshatra. But his most talked-about project is the initiative to find love in partners for senior citizens. He has set up a forum for this purpose. \"There have been 131 registrations with us. We would be organizing events in three formats for our members to introduce, acquaint and finalize partners this month,\" he informs.70-year-old retired professor of physics Dr S Rajagopalan specializes in acoustics. He is busier now as compared to his professional days. \"My wife says that I would be home more often than I am now,\" he says explaining his busy schedule. Today his pursuits in the field of acoustics are four-fold as he shares his knowledge with final year students of architecture, continues with his research programme in the university, conducts workshops for designers from all over the country and takes up projects all over the world. \"I am now gainfully engaged as acoustics applications have increased manifold,\" he says.Well into their 80s Dr S P Netke and wife Kamal have made good use of every opportunity that has come there way. A retired professor of nutrition and biochemistry, Dr Netke and his wife who is a Ph.D in Marathi have spent the better part of their professional years in the US.\"We discovered a formulation which could cure or restrict the growth of cancer,\" says Dr Netke who returned to India as he wanted to use this discovery for his countrymen.Today his time is devoted to patients who visit him as he helps them with this formulation and also assists them in understanding the disease. \"Bulk of my time goes on the Net as I browse for new discoveries in this sphere,\" he says.His wife Kamal utilized her time in the US to learn applique art and baking besides teaching Marathi in the University of Illinois . \"I have made hundred patchwork quilts on request but baking is done only for my close relatives and friends,\" says 82-year-old Kamal Netke.Retired headmistress Durga Kanaga is a cancer survivor. At 78, she does complain of fatigue but nevertheless keeps up with the work of Maharashtra Gandhi Samarak Nidhi as its president. \"There are about 17 institutions which keep me busy,\" she says. \"I have sciatica pain in leg but I am ignoring it with the motto ek la chalo re,\" says Kanaga who is unmarried.\"I continue to give my time to these institutions and am available at Kasturba Bhawan for the entire day.\" Dabbling with poetry to express her thoughts, Kanaga is also an avid theatre person, \"I am directing the famous play Ashurn qi zali phule which has corruption as its theme,\" informs this winner of the President's medal.Educating people on the negative effects of medication, Dr Avinash Dorle, a retired professor of Pharmacy, keeps himself busy with his research work and lectures. \"My latest work is on the healthy effects of bottle gourd or lauki. We are also looking at cosmetic uses of this humble vegetable,\" says Dr Dolre who travels extensively to deliver lectures.\"I will continue to do this till I can walk and talk,\" says the 77-year-old pharmacy expert.Bitten by the travel bug, 70-year-old Jaya Shenoi, a retired teacher, says that she also wishes to do her bit for the society. \"I give my time to the organization Saksham which works for the blind and physically handicapped persons,\" she informs.Bitten by the travel bug she says her love for travelling takes her to places she has always wanted to visit.His more than 90 years do not reflect in his speech or thoughts. Retired professor of physics Purushottam Khandekar is busy reading 'Emperor's New Mind' by scientific philosopher Roger Penrose . \"I am also trying to understand Quantum Mechanics ,\" he says.\"As the president of the Liberal Education Society which runs Hadas School I continue to oversee the work there,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16705821", "title": "Services of tutor terminated for harassing nursing students", "text": "PALANPUR: Services of a tutor at a government nursing college in Patan have been terminated following investigations into charges of harassment leveled against him by female students. Assistant director of the college Mahima Gohil has confirmed the action taken against Dinesh Patidar as the charges leveled against him by 36 students were proved to be true.He had been accused of misbehaviour and threatening students to fail them in their examinations. Senior officials of the education department had rushed to the college last week to defuse the situation resulting from a protest by the students. The students had submitted an application to the local police and had later approached the district collector and vice-chancellor of Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University with a memorandum seeking action against the tutor.College principal Saroj Christian said the trouble had started after a large number of second year girl students were declared failed in their examinations. Of the 36 students, only seven had passed on their own. Seven others had been promoted with grace marks. Eleven were allowed to keep term and a same number were declared failed. One of the girls said, \"HWe were concerned about our career. He told us if we agree to his demands, we won't fail. We sought police protection as the harassment was getting unbearable.\"Christian said, \"We have assured the girls that their papers we will re-examined.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704225", "title": "Pali village may face water pangs", "text": "MUMBAI: An air valve broke along a pipeline that goes into the Pali Hill reservoir in Bandra, leading to heavy leakage on Saturday morning.Civic officials swung into action to fix the valve, but supply might still be affected in the Pali village area on Sunday. The pipeline running along the Western Express Highway was repaired by the evening. However, water had gushed out and spread in the vicinity by then. \"We stopped supply to the pipeline and undertook repairs in the afternoon. Chances are that the Pali village area may receive water with less-than-normal pressure on Sunday,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704752", "title": "300 cops still camping at varsity", "text": "JAIPUR: The situation at Banasthali Vidyapeeth situated at the Niwai town of Tonk district started improving on Saturday as many students attended their regular classes. However, as a precautionary measure at least 300 policemen were camping in and around the campus.In a case where girls have been protesting against the alleged molestation by the ambulance driver and locking of the two hostel students by the hostel warden, the police booked the warden in a mild section of IPC while the ambulance driver was sent to judicial custody without police remand.\"The warden was booked under section 342 of IPC which deals with punishment for wrongful confinement. It is bailable offence, thus she was released on bail on Friday evening,\" said Rajesh Verma , circle inspector, Niwai.Likewise the police did not ask for any further police remand for the ambulance driver as he was produced before a local court and was sent to judicial custody.\"There was no need of remand as we did not need to recover some arm or weapon. We have enough evidence against him to produce a challan in the court,\" Verma claimed.Meanwhile, S Parimala, superintendent of police, Tonk while addressing a press conference at Niwai police stations appealed to the locals and the students not to spread rumours.\"We had arrested Lalita, the hostel warden while booking her under section 342 of IPC (punishment for wrongful confinement). The ambulance driver Nehru was arrested on the charges of outraging modesty under section 354 of IPC. We will also investigate why the two girls were locked in a hostel room. Every aspect of the case would be thoroughly investigated,\" Parimala claimed.However, on Saturday mediapersons were not allowed entry in the campus. Barricades were put in and around the campus and nobody except the police was allowed to go inside the campus.Many students studying at the Banasthali school and Banasthali Vidyapeeth College attended their regular classes while some of them participated in a peaceful protest march against the administration and police.Unrest in the campus has prevailed since Thursday when over 5,000 girls demonstrated alleging rape of two students - one pursuing BTech and the other studying in class XI. Later, on Friday unrest continued even as police arrested a hostel warden for allegedly locking up two girls in hostel rooms and an ambulance driver for allegedly molesting a girl on September 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705448", "title": "Two more succumb to swine flu", "text": "PUNE: Two more persons, including a pregnant woman, died of swine flu in the city, taking the city's H1N1 death toll to 19 since April this year. The condition of four more people with H1N1, including an 11-month-old baby is critical. They have been put on ventilator support.\"The 22-year-old pregnant woman, a resident of Nashik, succumbed to H1N1 at Sahyadri hospital, Deccan at 8.45 pm on Friday. The 58-year-old man, a resident of Karve Road died of H1N1 at Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital at 4.30 pm on October 6,\" said ST Pardeshi, Medical Officer of Health, PMC.The 58-year-old man had developed symptoms from September 5. However, he didn't consult any doctor till September 29. His condition worsened following which he got himself admitted at Sanjeevan hospital, which in turn laterreferred him to Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital. He had been on ventilator support since October 1.The 22-year-old woman with eight month pregnancy developed symptoms from September 25. However, she did not consult any doctor till September 27. On September 28, she approached a hospital in Nashik, which later referred her to Pune on September 29. She got herself admitted at Sahyadri hospital, Deccan, at 10 am on September 29. She was critical and had been on ventilator support since then. Later, she succumbed to the disease.Meanwhile, four more people tested positive for H1N1on Saturday. The health official at PMC has urged the people to take immediate medical treatment soon after diagnosing the symptoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16705978", "title": "Christian Dior's magic element: Madurai's jasmine flower", "text": "CHENNAI: The flower market of Tamil Nadu's Madurai is a crowded, busy place. It is the place the perfumer creator of French fashion house Christian Dior , Francois Demachy, visits every year to imbibe the fragrances that help him create the floral perfumes that Dior is renowned for.Dior uses extracts of jasmine sambac and tuberose sourced from Tamil Nadu, along with other raw materials, for J'adore, one of the top selling fragrances in the world. \"Jasmine sambac is used in all J'adore fragrances due to its olfactory qualities,\" says Demachy, who was in Madurai recently. \"For me, it is a very strong and unique ingredient, and I link its uniqueness to Indian soils.\"That is why he has been making a yearly trip to Tamil Ndu for the last eight years. For him, it is essential to see the flower grow. \"It is important to feel the flower and see it in the ground, see the people who grow it and keep it in your mind like a bank,\" says Demachy, who is usually off to the fields by the crack of dawn.When Demachy joined Dior after 28 years with Chanel, J'adore was already their best selling perfume. \"But I used jasmine sambac as a key ingredient for different versions, like J'adore L'Absolu, J'adore L'Or and J'adore Eau de Toilette,\" says the perfumer, who is from Grasse, which is also known for its jasmine. Dior has been sourcing jasmine sambac for J'adore from the beginning. \"It is one of the main ingredients along with other key raw materials like rose damascena and ylang ylang,\" says Demachy.The fragrance of many flowers that bloom in the soil of Tamil Nadu also permeate the House of Dior. \"We use jasmine sambac and jasmine grandiflorum from Tamil Nadu and tuberose for J'adore Eau De Parfum, Poison, New Look from La Collection Privee CD and Escale a Pondichery,\" says Demachy.Jasmine CE Pvt Ltd has been supplying Dior with jasmine grandiflorum, sambac and tuberose extracts since 2007. \"We are completely aware of their quality specifications, and products are supplied accordingly. We also hold stocks for them and supplies are made just in time for their production,\" says Raja Palaniswamy, director of Jasmine CE Pvt Ltd. His company owns small fields close to Coimbatore, where the flowers are grown organically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704706", "title": "One more dies of fever in Kota; facilities increased in hospitals", "text": "JAIPUR: One more person died of fever in Kumbhkot in Kota district on Saturday where seven children have already died due to fever in past eight days.Health department officials said that a door-to-door survey has been conducted and the children with fever have been referred to JK Lon hospital in Kota. They said that three children were tested positive for dengue in the past eight days.The department also organized camps in the area to provide treatment to the patients suffering from fever. The district collector and MLA also visited the affected area. The residents of the area claimed that the death of another child took the toll to eight in the past eight days.Health minister AA Khan said that he had instructed the officials to be alert and step up monitoring to check spread of seasonal diseases including scrub typhus, malaria , chikungunya and typhoid. Khan said that directions have been issued to the department officials to bring patients with fever to health centres for immediate treatment. He reviewed the situation on seasonal diseases in a meeting held with officials including principal secretary, health, Deepak Upreti and director, health, Dr BR Meena. The officials have been directed to ensure supply of medicines at the sub centres.Meanwhile, the health department has decided to increase the facilities at hospitals in Jaipur. The department would also ensure availability of beds and medicines for patients at satellite hospitals so that patients would get proper medical attention in satellite hospitals which would eventually reduce the pressure on SMS hospital.Upreti said that directions have been issued to officials to take help of the public representatives in rural areas to admit patients suffering from fever at nearby government hospitals.Health director Dr BR Meena said that in government hospitals like Jaipuria, Kanwatia, Sethi Colony and Bani Park satellite hospitals, facilities for patients have been increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "16709398", "title": "Paes-Stepanek pair loses in final of Japan Open", "text": "TOKYO: Leander Paes and his Czech partner Radek Stepanek faltered at the final hurdle as they suffered an upset straight-set defeat at the hands of Alexander Peya of Austria and Brazil's Bruno Soares to finish runners-up at the ATP Japan Open on Sunday.The fourth seeded Austrian-Brazilian pair defeated top seeds Paes and Stepanek 6-3 7-6 (5) in an hour and 46 minutes in the USD 1,280,565 hard court event to win their second ATP World Tour doubles titles in as many weeks.Peya and Soares added the Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships trophy to their Malaysian Open, Kuala Lumpur trophy.But Paes and Stepanek have clinched their first team berth at the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals in London next week, after they booked a place in the Tokyo final.The Indo-Czech combo have also earned 300 doubles rankings points. They dropped to a 26-9 match record in the season, which includes two titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16705763", "title": "'PoP idols a result of apathetic police'", "text": "PONDA: Despite a ban on Plaster of Paris (PoP) in Goa, the remains of eight PoP Lord Ganesha idols were uncovered on Thursday in a plantation next to the Nagesh Temple pond at Nageshi in Ponda.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said that the idols were not from within the state. Except for an incident where PoP idols of Lord Ganesha were discovered at at Mapusa, there were no other PoP idols found in Goa, he added.While senior police officials claimed that the PoP idols could have been brought into Goa from neighbouring states where there is no ban on such idols, Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar blamed the government machinery for failing to keep a check on the entry of PoP idols into Goa.He said that the public could have also helped stop the entry of such idols by informing the police at the right time.\"Goan artisans would never indulge in making PoP deities. The idols must have been sold by shopkeepers in cities like Panaji. The sale of such idols could have stopped if the government machinery had kept a check on all idols being sold at shops. PoP idols are very easy to distinguish, even by their weight,\" Mamledar said.The Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) attributed it to a lack of dharmadnyan (knowledge of religion) among the Hindus. \"This is an insult to the deity. As per Hindu religion, only clay idols of the Lord Ganesha should be worshipped during the 'Chavath,\" HJS state co-coordinator Manoj Solanki said, adding that all the remains were immersed in the river Zuari at Borim on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704370", "title": "Dengue cases on rise, govt pushes for fumigation", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a review meeting on the status of dengue in Delhi, health minister A K Walia on Saturday directed the health officials of the local bodies to start house-to-house fogging and take steps to create awareness on the issue in all local body and government schools.\"Malba removal from the construction sites and sanitation must be given top priority. These sites are the most vulnerable spots because water tends to accumulate at these sites and that is where mosquito breeding takes place. Moreover, garbage must be regularly removed from the dhalaos and drains must be regularly cleaned,\" said Walia after the review meeting.He also emphasized that the focus must shift from local fogging to domestic fogging as it would be much more effective at this stage.Meanwhile, as per a corporation release, dengue appears to be spreading in the capital with 29 fresh cases being reported on Saturday, the highest so far for a day this season. With this, the total number of cases has risen to 169 from Friday's 140. All the 12 zones, except Najafgarh, in the jurisdiction of South, North and East Delhi Municipal Corporations recorded dengue cases, a statement issued by the civic bodies said. However, no deaths were reported on Saturday.Out of the 169 cases, three originated from outside the capital. Of the total cases, South and Central Zones reported 20 cases each while 19 each were reported from Karol Bagh and Civil Lines.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16706025", "title": "Brar attack: Cops release nine on bail", "text": "LONDON: Barring three men, the Scotland Yard on Saturday released on bail the remaining nine persons, including two women, arrested in connection with the attack on General of the Operation, Lt Gen (retd) K S Brar.The New Scotland Yard in a statement said \"three men - aged 33, 34 and 25 \u2014 remain in custody. The remaining nine are now bailed to return in November pending further inquiries\".Three others who were arrested on suspicion of immigration law violations were referred to the UK Border Agency , the statement said.Lt Gen Kuldeep Singh Brar was stabbed in an attack by four unidentified men in Old Quebec Street, near Oxford Street, on Sunday. Following the attack, Brar was taken to hospital with a neck wound and has since been discharged.Brar, who had led 'Operation Blue Star' in 1984 was on a private visit here when he was attacked by four men, suspected to be Khalistan sympathisers. He suffered a wound on his neck and cheek but his wife was not injured in the attack. The four men who attacked Brar were described as being of Asian appearance, all with long beards, and were wearing dark clothing and long black jacket.Brar has since left London and is in Mumbai. Counter terrorism officers had on Friday arrested eight people in connection with the attempted murder case.The arrests came a day after officers took into custody three men and one woman on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Brar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704534", "title": "Man shot at by cousin", "text": "JAIPUR: A family spat over stealing Rs 10,000 using a stolen ATM card turned ugly when a man was shot at allegedly by his cousin near Mohana on Saturday evening.According to the police, a few days back, one Ram Singh (26) had registered a case of theft at Jhotwara police station stating that his ATM card was stolen.On Saturday at 7.30 pm, Singh's cousin Vijay (28) asked him to come and meet him at Gujjar Ki Thadi.\"Ram Singh reached at the decided location and later Vijay along with his aide Manoj (27) took him to an isolated place situated in the Mohana Mandi on the outskirts on a motorbike. After reaching there, Vijay shot at Ram and fled along with Manoj,\" said Sukhdev Jangid, assistant commissioner of police, Mansarover.He added that later some eye witnesses raised an alarm and informed the police control room.\"The victim sustained a bullet injury on his upper chest on the left side and was undergoing treatment at Dhanvantari hospital situated in Mansarover area. His condition was stated to be out of danger by the hospital administration,\" he added.Preliminary investigations suggest that the accused Vijay is actually behind stealing the victim's ATM and Rs 10,000.\"He thought that in any case his theft would be unearthed through CCTV footage, thus he planned to eliminate his cousin Ram,\" Jangid said.\"Some persons have been detained to find the whereabouts of the fleeing accused. A case of attempt to murder has been registered at Mohana police station,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704818", "title": "Two witnesses back prosecution", "text": "NAGPUR: The Kush Katariya trial took a crucial turn with two panch witnesses supporting the prosecution's claims before the district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Saturday.Suresh Bhamkar, a clerk with MSRTC, deposed before the court after he was made a 'panch' in the case by a cop on October 15 last year.In response to special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam's queries, Bhamkar narrated the incidents that made him a witness. Accused Ayush Pugaliya had taken Bhamkar and the Nandanvan police to the under-construction building in Kalamna where the so-called culprit had killed and dumped the body of the eight-year-old in a water tank.Bhamkar also identified the blood stained bricks, wrappers of chips, chocolates and shoes of Kush which were seized from the spot. He also described the tank and the way Kush's body was being fished out from it.Defense counsel Amrish Sonak posed certain tricky questions but the government clerk answered them with confidence. With Bhamkar's deposition, the prosecution decided not to examine another 'panch'. It wanted to avoid any complications arising out of variations in the versions.After Bhamkar, another panch Dheeraj Sharma was also examined. Police had made Sharma panch for the seizure of Ayush's mobile phone, his scooter on which he had whisked away the victim and the boy's clothes in which his body was traced in the tank. Sharma too was confident during his deposition after the lunch break.An interesting sight caught the attention of many. As Ayush was entering the van to return to central jail, his elder brothers, Navin and Nitin, both accused but out on bail, gave him two packets of snacks and sweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16704835", "title": "Let women choose if they want burqa, jobs: Sima Samar", "text": "Doctor for the poor and chairman of Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission, Sima Samar is one of the four recipients of the 2012 Right Livelihood Award, also known as the Alternative Nobel Prize. After her husband disappeared during the Soviet invasion in 1979, Samar fled to Pakistan and set up the Shuhada Organization that now operates many schools and hospitals in Afghanistan. The much-awarded activist tells Saira Kurup that having a human rights panel in her country is a huge achievement.What does getting the Right Livelihood Award mean to you and for Afghanistan?It is great pleasure and honour for me. It's a recognition of the suffering of women and also of their abilities in a country like Afghanistan.It's just over a decade since reconstruction began in Afghanistan, after the Taliban rule and the US-led war. Have there been major changes in the country since then?It's almost 11 years since reconstruction began in Afghanistan. We have achieved a lot in terms of human and women's rights. Women have access to basic social services, more importantly to education which is vital for empowerment. We have women involved in politics, including in the high-level political posts. Although Afghanistan is still in conflict, we have a powerful human rights commission in the region.Have you made a difference with your work? Have women started joining the workforce again?It is not easy for women to work in any country, and particularly for those who are pushing for equality. Naturally, it is more difficult in countries in conflict. But so far, we are much better in terms of women's participation in the government and politics than most countries in Asia. As to making an impact, we have a strong independent human rights commission in Afghanistan, where using the word 'human rights' was counted as a crime few years ago.You had to resign in 2002 as minister of women's affairs in the six-month old Karzai government after you spoke out against the burqa. One argument is that women should be allowed to choose whether they want to wear one. How do you react to that?I think that women as human beings should be given the right to choose. Whether they choose to wear the burqa or hold a job and be a professional, women should have their freedom.There's been much concern about military and political security in the country following the pullout of foreign troops in 2014. Do you think enough thought has been given to issues of the common people too, like freedom, education and human rights?I think we as Afghans have to take the responsibility for our own country. Security cannot come only with military activities. Security is not only to stop the active war. It is more than that. The focus should be more on human security.The situation is no longer what it was in 1990. The people have had the experience of the Taliban. We have more educated people now, and a young generation that forms the majority of the population in Afghanistan. They will not give up the freedom that they have enjoyed in recent years. But we still have a lot of problems in promoting human rights and democracy. It will take long time to change the mentality of the people who have been at war for so long. We need more support and solidarity of people who believe in equality and respect for human rights.How do you think India and Pakistan can contribute to your country's stability and development?India and Pakistan can play a positive role in the stabilization of Afghanistan. Stability and security will help the economic development of the region. The three countries have to realize that peace and security in the region are good for the people in all the three countries, because everyone is a loser in war. Hopefully, Pakistan will learn lessons from the past decades and stop backing terrorism in the region.India was voted as the worst place for women in a recent survey. Does that surprise you, seeing the challenges women face in Afghanistan?I am not surprised because India, unfortunately, also has a lot of poor people, and culture and tradition are always used against women. I believe that we have problems in the region when it comes to human rights, particularly for women.Your husband and scores of other relatives disappeared right after the Soviet invasion in 1979, never to be seen again. You have faced immense pressures and also death threats. What keeps you going?I believe in the principles of equality and human rights; that's why I continue to do the work I am doing. The recognition of my work by people who believe in human rights gives me more courage to continue my work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705849", "title": "Diamond firms divert cash into realty", "text": "SURAT: Income tax (I-T) department is learnt to have collected documentary evidence about diversion of crores of rupees by owners of diamond companies in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in the city to realty sector. This was unearthed during I-T's search and seizure operation on a brokerage firm dealing in realty business on Friday.I-T's investigation wing had swung into action following a report published in TOI dated September 7, 2012, highlighting the diversion of at least Rs 30,000 crore of working capital loans borrowed by the diamond companies from foreign, private and national banks into realty estate sector in Surat, Ahmedabad, Bharuch, Mumbai etc.Sources said that range III of I-T department had conducted a search and seizure operation at the offices of a brokerage firm dealing in realty at two spots in the city namely Annapurna Market on Ring Road and Rahul Raj Mall in Piplod.The I-T sleuths had seized computers, documents and bank details of the brokerage firm. The department found that many diamond company owners had diverted huge amount of money into luxurious real estate projects coming up across the city, mainly in areas like Vesu, Pal, Piplod, City Light etc.Official sources said I-T department has issued summons to about 15 leading real estate developers associated with the brokerage firm.\"The documents pertaining to dealings by diamond companies into the real estate through the brokerage firms are being scrutinized. In the preliminary investigation, it is believed that crores of rupees have been diverted into city's real estate,\" a senior I-T officer said.As per industry estimates, several diamantaires have diverted at least Rs 30,000 crore worth of working capital loans borrowed from the foreign, private and national banks in the real estate and speculative buying of rough diamonds since 2010. Now, with the downturn in the real estate too and falling rough prices, big players are finding their investments stuck up.A major chunk of these loans were borrowed through round-tripping through which a small tribe of diamond traders got cheap finance against export of same set of diamonds over and over again.They used the finance obtained from several high-street lenders to dress up past losses on their books, carry out speculative deals in rough diamonds and diverting substantial part in the real estate sector.These loans were mostly borrowed for export finance at London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) from the banks and that it works out 5.5-6 per cent cheaper than minimum rupee loans extended by banks to corporates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704476", "title": "Medical pupils seek re-registration for nearer centres", "text": "MUMBAI: With several city medical students getting centres for the first ever National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for post-graduation courses in far-off places in the north, students who applied on the first day of registration are now seeking re-registration. Students claim they were not informed about the possibility of seats being increased at centres where there are a lot of transactions. However, the testing agency claimed that re-registration will not be possible.A press release issued by Prometric said that students were informed about the increase in the number of seats when the demand is more. An aspirant said, \"One of my friends told me that the organizers of the exam mentioned on a social networking site that they would increase the capacity in areas with heavy demand. The only message we got on the registration site on selecting Mumbai as the centre was that the seats are full.\"Another student said, \"The organizers should not have claimed the seat allocation was on a first-come-first- served basis. If we had any inclination that they would increase the number of seats later, we would not have hurried to pick a centre.\"The first NEET PG is being conducted by the National Board of Examination and Prometric India is providing the technical support. Soumitra Roy, MD, Prometric India said, \"NBE has said that candidates are allowed to register only once for NEET-PG. Prometric does not have a Twitter account. We are adding seats where feasible, based on the demand.\" On the first day of test registration, 38,000 candidates registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16704523", "title": "Cops wait for Madhya Pradesh archaeology dept\u2019s reply", "text": "The Madhya Pradesh archaeology department has initiated action to recover and restore its stolen antique cannons, taking a cue from the recent seizure of such a mortar in Mumbai.A file comprising FIRs and details of the stolen mortars have been sent to the state archaeology headquarters, Bhopal, from Gwalior. \"We have sent a detailed report to Bhopal for further proceedings,\" deputy director S R Verma (Gwalior) told TOI. According to Verma, records were collected from police stations in Gwalior, Shivpuri and Guna districts.\"We're waiting for a reply from the Madhya Pradesh archaeology department. Pictures and details of the cannon have been sent to them,\" said Mumbai DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.A picture of a cannon stolen from the Narwar Fortress has also been sent to the state headquarters. This picture would be forwarded to the Mumbai police so that it can be matched with the mortar confiscated from Shivpuri-based Pratap Pal Singh (52), who was arrested by the Dharavi police on Tuesday. Singh, who was arrested with the 20.5-inch mortar allegedly while he was trying to sell it for Rs 1 crore, was released on bail on Saturday.Meanwhile, archaeology officers are also trying to shift an antique cannon from the premises of the Narwar police station to the museum in Shivpuri district. This cannon was recovered by the police after it was stolen from Shivpuri's Kachahri Palace premises in year 2007.\"We could not shift the cannon to the museum due to protests by local villagers, who claim that this cannon belongs to their village and that this is a matter of pride for them. We are trying to hold fresh discussions with them,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705851", "title": "Seize mine owners' assets, says AIYF", "text": "PANAJI: With Friday's Supreme Court order halting all mining related activity in the state, the All India youth forum has called for the seizure of assets of mine owners involved in illegal mining to compensate and rehabilitate those affected by mining ban.Claiming that both the previous Congress government and the present BJP government are equally responsible for the mining mess in the state, Suhaas Naik, president of the Goa unit of the AIYF said that \"successive governments during their tenure encouraged mining operations in an unchecked and irregular manner from time to time.\"Naik said \"the mining policies of these governments were tailor-made to benefit the few mine owners and this encouraged large-scale illegal mining in the state.\"These policies did not benefit the sons-of-the-soil, truck operators, mine workers and those dependent on the mining industry for their livelihood, he added.Stating that mine owners never paid dependent people their legitimate share and rightful dues, Naik said the lives of these dependent people have remained hostage in the hands of few mine owners for all these years.He said that the government should protect all those whose livelihood has been affected due to the mining ban.Claiming that \"over one lakh people are directly dependent on mining industry for their livelihood,\" Naik has demanded that the government should compensate and rehabilitate all those who are affected by mining ban.\"Naik felt that the sudden stoppage of mining operations will have cascading effect on the Goan economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16705173", "title": "From Madrasi to herogiri", "text": "He flashes a gaudy lungi, while she drips melodrama, all the while emitting suggestive sounds that starts with a throaty 'aiyyayo' and ends in a guttural 'um'. Makers of upcoming Hindi movie 'Aiyyaa' insist that the song 'Dream-um Wake up-um' is a tribute to south Indian cinema, and is just a quirky piece in the wacky north-south love story. We have to wait till October 12 to verify that. But internet is already awash with accusations that the song is yet another instance of stereotyping of south Indians, one more 'aiyyo-amma' Madrasi cliche from 'insensitive' northies.To add to the confusion, right before the song starts, Rani Mukherjee's Marathi mulgi says she prefers darkskinned people to fairskinned ones. If Malayalam star Prithviraj Sukumaran is indeed the tall, dark, handsome hero of the movie, then it will be a departure from the idli-loving, sambar-slurping, conservative Madrasis that Bollywood churns out for laughs. What started with the antics of Mehmood's oily Masterji in 'Padosan' (1968), continue, whether it is Omi Vaidya's sly Chatur Ramalingam in '3 Idiots' or Shah Rukh Khan's timid Shekhar Subramanium who gleefully mixes noodles with curd in 'Ra.One'.\"Any south Indian will find Mehmood's characterisation insulting,\" says Mohan Raman, film historian and actor. He took care that his Seshadri manager in Ranbir Kapoor-movie 'Ajab Prem Ki Gasab Kahani' didn't become ridiculous but hinted at his outsider status.It is the 'north-Indian' gaze that causes the problem, says actor Satish Shah, whose Iyer father in 'Ra.One' was quite similar to a stand-up he did for the 1980s sitcom 'Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi'. \"People of all four states are still Madrasis to many. Probably, Mehmood's popular character must have set the wrong example,\" says Shah. And, yes, he wouldn't have played the Iyer if not for his equation with Shah Rukh Khan . \"I was uncomfortable. As I don't know the languages, I repeated whatever small words they asked me to say,\" he says.What is an occupational hazard to veteran artists like Shah, are created by those who have nothing new to say, says director Dibakar Banerjee. He created a smart IAS officer, T A Krishnan, in 'Shanghai' (2012) after referring books and talking to civil servants. Banerjee topped it with extensive language coaching for actor Abhay Deol to ensure that he never went anywhere near a 'Tamilian' act. \"If filmmakers derive material from other films they have seen, then they will end up using stock stereotypes,\" he says.That said, every stereotype has a kernel of truth and 'Padosan' is a comedy that used characters from that time effectively. \"In Matunga, you could find a conservative music teacher like Mehmood's Masterji in the 60s,\" he says. The same goes for Kishore Kumar's music composer or Sunil Dutt's village yokel and the outrageous Quick Gun Murugan character and its Tamil western created for trendy Channel V in the late 90s.At the core of all stereotypes is a way of defining the other. \"In the pre-information society, where communities lived in relative isolation, the other is seen as a threat or considered funny because you don't understand their customs and language,\" says Banerjee. So the 'idli-dosa' eating Tamilian is a creation of Hindi-speaking people just like the 'oye oye' Sardarji of south Indians. Tamil movies have stock Hindi-speaking characters who are mostly aggressive moneylender marwaris. \"Those characters have now come down as they are not relevant,\" says Mohan Raman. In fact, one of the first mainstream Hindi movies to break the Madrasi stereotype was K Balachander's 'Ek Duje Ke Liye' (1981). \"Kamal Haasan sir nailed it when he says 'Hinthi' and not Hindi. It is very realistic,\" says Kartik Krishnan, assistant director and writer in Bollywood, a Tamilian from Delhi.The exceptions that film-lovers like Krishnan cheer on include 'Dil Se' (1998), 'Company' (2002), 'Mr and Mrs Iyer' (2002), 'Yuva' (2004) and 'Shanghai' (2012). \"When I first heard Mohanlal talk with a Mallu accent in 'Company', I cringed. But despite the slightly irritating delivery, his performance grew on me,\" he says. Barring a few, most of the realistic portrayals have come in movies directed by south Indians, be it Mani Ratnam or Ram Gopal Varma . But you don't necessarily need south Indians to put an end to such ethnic stereotypes. Sachin Kundalkar, who is debuting in Bollywood with 'Aiyyaa' says south Indian men are hot. \"I am a pucca Maharashtrian. I have seen women around me admiringly looking at south Indian men for their humbleness and intellectual aura. That is what my film is about,\" he says.Kundalkar says he is unhappy about some of the negative reactions to 'Dreamum'. \"I can't reveal how it starts but it is a funny song and should be seen in reference to the movie. I am unhappy because I am the last person to mock Tamilians or south Indian culture,\" he says. His aim, in fact, is something else. \"When Rani says 'Mujhe Kaale Log Pasand Hai', I am making fun of Bollywood and its fixation with strong, fair, tall men. I think people will realise for the first time that south Indian men are hot. Forget their intelligence, or them being engineers and scientists. They are hot,\" he says.If that happens, then Bollywood will have one more essential ingredient for making a hit: Shah Rukh, sex and the south. Mind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705723", "title": "Officials, villagers join hands with students to build check dams", "text": "NASHIK: Engineers and contractors who are also volunteers of Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram and students of Bhonsala Military College constructed four check dams in the interiors of Peth region with the help of forest department and villagers recently.The volunteers said that they are trying to bring some of the government schemes within the reach of people. \"Some of these are related to education, farming, local road building, water harvesting etc. We are spending from our own pockets as social obligation,\" said Anil Sonawane, one of the volunteers.Recently along with 53 boys and 17 girls from Bhonsala Military College and some villagers from the padas of Peth taluka, the volunteers began the work of constructing the check dams in the interiors of Lavali and Sardarpada with the help of forest employees. \"The check dams have been constructed to restrict and store water. Thus the problem of water harvesting has been solved to some extent,\" said the volunteers.The volunteers also planted some saplings given by the forest department. The villagers took the responsibility of taking care of these plants. \"This experience of building check dams was very exciting for the college students and they worked the whole day. We noticed the positive side of the young generation who are prepared to help the tribal people,\" said the volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16704772", "title": "Banasthali varsity limping back to normalcy", "text": "JAIPUR: The deserted campus of six-decade-old Banasthali Vidyapeeth is limping back to normalcy after unrest was sparked regarding alleged rape of two girls. The complaint by the girls apparently went unnoticed for a week. Barring a protest rally by around 60 senior students Saturday passed off peacefully.The university had reportedly blocked internet connection and circulation of newspaper in hostels and library since the unrest began on Thursday evening fearing propaganda against them on social networking sites. The administration, fearing law and order situation immediately conceded to students demands.Some undergraduate departments and Banasthali school (which operates within the campus) resumed classes, university claimed. \"Student turnout was impressive and we are hoping that it will run as usual from Monday,\" said a teacher.However, postgraduate classes did not resumed due to continuous protest by the senior students. They were adamant not to attend classes till appropriate action against the accused is taken. The university administration has begun building pressure on protesting students by informing them to attend classes from Monday or face disciplinary action for missing classes\"The administration has threatened us to withdrawing the protest or they will sent letters to our parents,\" said protesting students. Meanwhile, security has been tightened at the entry and exit points to ensure that no outsider should enter the premises without proper scrutiny.On Saturday, a long queue of vehicles from Jaipur, Delhi and surrounding areas were seen outside the main gate waiting for identity checks. The university has allowed parents and guardians after consent from the respective students.Most of them were angry over series of incidents and blamed the university administration for failing to take action on time. Few of them finally managed to speak to vice-chancellor Aditya Shastri and senior officials to know what steps were being taken. Meanwhile, the canteen, stationery and general shops remained open as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706318", "title": "Shop owner tries to kill self", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 40-year-old betel shop owner attempted to immolate himself near Engineering College Crossing in Madiaon police station area on Saturday morning. The critically injured man was identified as Bihari Modi, a native of Dhanbad district in Bihar and a resident of Kanhaiyya Nagar locality in Madiaon police station area.Bihari, according to the police, has a betel shop near in front of a complex near Engineering College Crossing. According to reports, Bihari reached the betel shop as usual at around 8.30 a.m., and then took out a bottle of petrol and sprinkled it on his body and set himself on fire.Policemen on picket duty at Engineering College could not understand that the man would immolate himself. By the time, the policemen rushed towards Bihari, fire had already engulfed him. Somehow, the cops and other passers-by doused the fire and the cops then rushed Bihari to the hospital.Though the exact cause of Bihari taking the extreme step could not be ascertained, initial reports speak of his strained relationship with his brother-in-laws over some financial matter. Nearby shopkeepers also told the police that generally Bihari looked to be tense, but they could not elaborate about his problem, ASP Aliganj Anees Ahmed Ansari told TOI.Ansari said that according to doctors Bihari has received around 90% burn injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708015", "title": "A toast to The Lalit Ashok's chefs", "text": "What better way to celebrate an occasion than over food and wine with friends. And so, when it was time to celebrate the achievements of certain chefs in the city, Bangalore's glitterati headed to The Lalit Ashok to make it an evening of fun and bonhomie.Everyone raised a toast to Chef Nimish Bhatia, who was recently promoted as the Corporate Executive Chef, and cheered for Chef Subodh Goyal who is the hotel's new Executive Chef.The city's gourmets enjoyed a delectable spread as they reminisced over their favourite memories with Chef Bhatia. We spotted stand up comic Rubi entertaining her friends while Abhay, Alok and Rishad were also seen having a good time with their pals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16704845", "title": "200 Wipro staff leave after attack", "text": "MYSORE: About 200 employees who were on the Wipro campus left soon after it was attacked by a bunch of activists on Saturday morning..A police officer said the Wipro facility functions round the clock, in shifts. About 800 employees work in each shift. About 300 persons were at work when the attack occurred.ACP, Devaraja sub-division, C D Jagadish said the attackers fled before before a police team could reach the place. As per information with police, only flowerpots were damaged.Wipro authorities have not complained to police so far about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704876", "title": "NMC orders probe into Rs40cr TDR scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has ordered an inquiry into the alleged Rs40 crore transfer of development rights (TDR) scam in which the name of city BJP president and east Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde figured. A decision to this effect was taken after a lengthy debate in the general body meeting held at the Town Hall on Saturday. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane will conduct an inquiry and take a decision. Later, he will submit all the related information to the general body.Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe, who exposed the scam in the meeting, told TOI that the TDR was cleared by the NMC's town planning department despite objection from the owner of the land on which it was generated. Gudadhe said, \"Owner Mohanlal Patel signed TDR worth Rs40 crore according to the market rates to BJP activists Bharat Patel and Sanjay Awchat through the power of attorney on July 2, 2010. Patel was given a cheque for Rs1.25 crore. According to the conditions in the power of attorney, TDR was to be cleared by NMC after the realization of the cheque and within a period of six months. But the cheque bounced.\"Following this, Gudadhe said, \"Patel took up the matter with the NMC and urged to not clear TDR. Despite this, the NMC allowed TDR on February 11, 2011, well after more than a month of the lapse of the validity period. Patel even sent a legal notice and lodged a complaint, but no heed was paid by the NMC. The officials issued TDR certificates from August 24, 2011 onwards to 18 persons, including Dr Yashwant, husband of BJP corporator and chairperson of hospital committee Dr Safalta Ambatkar. Thus, the TDR was illegal in many ways,\" he added.Gudadhe, an expert in realty sector, said the cost of the land of Patel was Rs300 per square foot. But the TDR was sold at the rate of Rs2,200 to Rs2,500 per sq/ft. Two persons had already earned Rs22 crore by TDR. The remaining TDR worth Rs18 crore was pending and should be stopped, he said.Gudadhe informed the House that Khopde was very much linked with the TDR scam as he had signed as a witness in the power of attorney. \"Khopde even gave statements to newspapers that the TDR was still valid and could not be loaded by Ambatkar for want of NOC pending with the fire department,\" he said.Leader of the ruling party in NMC Praveen Datke objected to the linking of Khopde with the TDR scam. \"Signing the power of attorney as a witness is not an evidence to prove such a link with the scam,\" he said.Initially, leader of the opposition Vikas Thakre raised the issue of Yashwant Ambatkar and demanded clarification from the administration on the controversial building and TDR. Much to the embarrassment of BJP leaders, Shiv Sena corporator Alka Dala stood up and sought details of TDR. Five BJP corporators, including Sunil Agrawal, tried to stop Gudadhe from giving details to the House by asking general conditions about the TDR process. However, Thakre objected to the distractions these members were trying to make and asked mayor Anil Sole whether they wanted a discussion on the issue or not. A firm mayor allowed Gudadhe to make his points clear.After hearing Gudadhe, Sole asked municipal commissioner Wardhane to conduct an inquiry and convey the outcome to the House with details.Addressing a press conference soon after, Khopde denied that he had links with the TDR scam and rubbished the allegations levelled by Ambatkar. \"I only introduced Ambatkar to the persons concerned. It was a former minister who was conspiring to malign my image,\" Khopde said, indirectly hinting at Satish Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705320", "title": "Plastic factory damaged in fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An industrial unit manufacturing plastic spare parts in Vatva GIDC Phase I was damaged in a major fire on Saturday afternoon. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) doused the blaze after five hours of firefighting. While no one was injured, the administrative building of the unit was gutted.According to AFES officials, Neo Plast Industries at plot number 43 at Vatva GIDC reported the fire at 3:15 pm on Saturday. Officials said that the unit has a canteen for employees in the basement of the administrative building. In the afternoon, a pipeline carrying LPG from cylinders to the stove leaked and started a fire. While the staff tried to contain it, the fire soon engulfed the canteen and later reached the first floor where the accounts and other offices were located. \"The fire gutted the building and valuables such as computers and furniture, but fortunately did not spread to the godown and workshop areas, which had the manufactured goods. A team led by chief fire officer MF Dastoor worked on the fire for five hours. Fifteen vehicles and tankers were used ,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16708717", "title": "Indian Americans help raise millions for Romney Campaign", "text": "WASHINGTON: Away from the public glare, prominent Indian Americans supporting Republican White House hopeful Mitt Romney are believed to have raised between USD 15-20 million for his presidential campaign.While Romney campaign has not released any fundraising statistics from ethnic coalitions nor has it made public the list of its bundlers or exclusive Stars and Stripes members, the list of big donors include over 200 prominent Indian Americans.The 'Indian American Coalition' was established in November 2011 by the Romney Campaign National Finance Committee Chairman Spencer Zwick to recognise not only the individual donor, but also the larger community under a group identity.There have been other ethnic coalitions in the Romney campaign's Finance Committee such as Jewish American coalition, Women's coalition, Veteran's Coalition, etc.By conservative estimates Indian Americans supporters of Romney believed to have collectively helped raise between USD 15-20 million for his Campaign, according to those familiar with the fundraising efforts.\"...An Indian American coalition in a Presidential Campaign's National Finance Committee is new and historic. Such a decision of the Romney Campaign has produced the desired results,\" Indian American supporters of 65-year-old former governor of Massachusetts say.Some of the prominent Indian American bundlers/Star and Stripes members include Sampat Shivangi from Mississippi; Sudhakar Shenoy and Shreedhar Pottarazu from Virginia, Zach Zachariah, Akshay Desai and R Vijaynagar from Florida; Bharat Barai from Indiana, Rupesh Sreevastava and Raj Vatticutti from Michigan.\"Everyone has contributed funds, bundled money or held an event that has raised a minimum USD one million,\" Sue Ghosh Stricklett, Stars &amp; Stripes Member, Romney Finance Committee, told PTI during a conference call with top Indian American donors.\"They are unanimously supporting Mitt Romney for President because they believe that the country is on the wrong track and that their children's economic future is at stake.\"They are also appalled by the incendiary anti-India rhetoric coming out of the Obama campaign with numerous ads attacking India for loss of American jobs due to outsourcing,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16705973", "title": "State gets active to get back cannon seized from Mumbai", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has swung into action to get back the stolen 'Royal antique cannon' that was seized from Mumbai recently. A file comprising FIR's and details of the stolen mortars have been sent to the state archaeology headquarters, here from Gwalior.\"We have sent a detailed report to Bhopal for further proceedings\" deputy director S R Verma (Gwalior) told TOI.Verma said, records were collected from police stations in Gwalior, Shivpuri and Guna districts.Picture of the cannon stolen from Narwar Fortress has also been sent to the state police headquarters. This picture would be forwarded to Mumbai police so that it could be matched with the cannon confiscated from possession of Shivpuri-based Pratap Pal Singh (52), who was arrested by Mumbai's Dharavi police on Tuesday.Singh, who was arrested with the 20.5-inch cannon allegedly while he was trying to sell it for Rs 1 cr, got bail on Saturday.\"We are still waiting for a response from the archaeology department. Picture and details of seized cannon has been sent to them,\" said Mumbai's DCP (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Meanwhile, the archaeology officers are also trying to shift antique cannon from the premises of Narwar police station to the museum in Shivpuri district. This canon was recovered by the police after it was stolen from Shivpuri's Kachahri Palace premises in year 2007.\"We could not shift the cannon to the museum following protest from the local villagers. They claim that the cannon belong to their village and is a matter of their pride. We are trying to hold fresh discussions with the locals and convince them to relocate it,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706314", "title": "Students unveil skills at Varchasva", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second day of Varchasva 2012- the annual fest of Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow saw a host of cultural and sports events taking place. The cultural programmes included 'Uttarang' - the Hindi band competition, which saw teams from all across the country participating in the event. The competition was judged by Navneet Singh, the lead guitarist of band Oxymoron.It was followed by the solo instrumental playing competition - 'Chords' showcasing both Indian classical and western instruments.Then came the 'Antarnaad' - the stage play competition, which showed a total of six stage performances evaluated by Anil Rastogi a renowned and esteemed personality in the field of art and theatre. The winning play was 'Art of Seduction' by IIM Calcutta , while 'Bang Bang, You're Dead' by LBSIM was the runner up. A street dance event called - 'MTV-Dance to Act' took place , hosted by VJ Jose from MTVas a part of the show \"Campus Diaries.\" It featured teams from over 15 colleges. While IIT Kanpur was adjudged the winner, the home team, IIM Lucknow were runner up.Programmes like showcasing of 'Sand Art' by the artist Kaushik Bose, where he bought Ramayana to life enthralled the audience. It was followed by 'RJ Hunt' featuring 12 finalists chosen by the channel through telephonic interviews from Lucknow.Events like Ultimate Frisbee - a non-contact, fast-paced field sport played by two teams, photography workshop, adventure sports - 'Dare or Die', sports and entertainment quiz called- 'SPENT Quiz' and extempore - 'JAM' where a contestant has to speak on a given topic for 60 seconds without stumbling were also highlights of the day. Programmes like 'Pro-Nite' and 'Fashion Parade' were scheduled later in the midnight.Alongside, sports events like 'Gods of Gaming', badminton , basketball, carrom, chess, cricket, football , futsal, snooker, squash, tennis, throw ball, table tennis, volleyball also took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708597", "title": "Manoj Tewari the new President of Bihar Cricket", "text": "Actor and Singer Manoj Tewari has taken over the post of President of Association of Bihar Cricket (ABC) . He has taken the charge from Kirti Azaad who recently resigned from the post.The actor said that \"he has his priorities set and would like to bring together conflicting Lallu Prasad Yadav's Bihar Cricket Association and Association of Bihar Cricket .The conflict between these groups was detrimental to the interest of cricket in the state. It was unfortunate that the state has no representation at the national level in cricket. I would try to assure recognition from BCCI ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705471", "title": "LPG dealers in Pune yet to get guidelines on revised rates", "text": "PUNE: Confusion prevails among LPG dealers about their revised commission and the exact rate of cooking gas after the recent Union government announcement. Officials of oil companies and dealers said they were still to receive details from the Centre on how to charge the commission.\"We are waiting for the information. We do not know how much the consumers will have to pay now,\" said Vijay Bhave of the all-India LPG Dealers' Association. An oil company official said that revised prices of cooking gas will be known only after more details are received from the ministry.The government, on Saturday, decided to raise commission paid to dealers from Rs 25.83 to Rs 37.25. At present, the domestic LPG cylinder is sold in Pune for Rs 421.50.Citizens, however, criticized the increase in commission of LPG dealers which, they believe, will result in a hike in prices of cooking gas. \"The decision has come as a second shock within a period of one month after the government put a cap on distribution of subsidized cylinders in September,\" said a consumer.Varsha Kulkarni, a homemaker, said it will have a bearing on the family's monthly budget. She also complained about non-availability of cylinders in the last few days.Piyush Raje, a consumer, said the government's policy regarding essential commodities like cooking gas was anti-people. \"First, the government put a cap on availability of cooking gas and now the commission has been hiked. Ultimately it will affect the end-user,\" he said.Vivek Bhalla, a resident of Sinhagad Road, said that there was a lot of confusion and lapses in distribution of cylinders since last two weeks. \"Home delivery of cylinders has been stopped at many places. The government should look into these issues first, instead of calculating the commission,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705451", "title": "Triple murder accused arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Wanowrie police on Friday night arrested Vishwajeet Kerba Masalkar (25) for the triple murder on B T Kawade Road after investigations revealed he had killed his family members because they were opposed to his wish to marry a 23-year-old woman.Vishwajeet has been remanded in police custody till October 12.Shobha Masalkar (50), her daughter in-law Archana (25) and Archana's daughter Kimaya (2) were found murdered in their flat in Champaratna housing society in Udaybaugh on Thursday night.Madhusudan Kulkarni (85), a neighbour of the Masalkars, was also found severely injured.Additional commissioner of police (north region) Suresh Kumar Mekla on Saturday told a news conference that Vishwajeet killed his family members as he believed they were opposed to his plans to marry a woman with whom he was in an affair.Deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Manoj Patil, assistant commissioner of police Vitthal Pawar, Wanowrie division and senior inspector Bajirao Mohite were present during the arrest.According to Mekla, \"Vishwajeet worked as a field officer with a private company while the woman was a junior staff in the same company. Their affair started around two years ago. Recently, he expressed his desire to marry her, but she refused saying he was already married. Vishwajeet made up his mind and killed his family members one after the another on the same day.\"Mekala said, \"Vishwajeet entered his flat around 3pm. First he attacked Archana, who was in the bedroom. He hit her on her forehead with a hammer, which killed Archana instantly. When two-year-old Kimaya started crying, he smothered her to death. His mother who had gone out returned to find Archana and Kimaya killed. When she questioned Vishwajeet, he confessed to the crime. Fearing he would harm her, Shobha locked herself in the bathroom. Sensing that his mother will spill the beans, Vishwajeet broke open the door, dragged her outside and hit her on the head with a hammer.\"\"Kulkarni (86) rushed to Vishwajeet's house on hearing the screams. Vishwajeet attacked him as well. However, Kulkarni survived and is currently recuperating in Sassoon hospital. Police have obtained a CCTV footage from a neighbouring building which shows his mother entering the building at 3.22pm and Vishwajeet leaving the building around 4.28pm,\" Mekla said.DCP Patil said, \"Vishwajeet tried to stage the incident as a robbery bid. He took away family valuables and hid them above the door. He lied he was not at home when the incident took place, but the contradictions in his statement made police suspect his involvement. We collected evidence against him before making the arrest. He has confessed to killing the three. We will also invoke sections of giving false information to police during the investigations\".eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16705721", "title": "Food safety officers of civic bodies to be shifted to Food and Drugs Administration", "text": "NASHIK: Eight food safety officers (FSOs) in civic bodies in the Nashik division are to be merged with the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) soon. The FDA has sent a proposal to the state to merge eight FSOs from four municipal corporations in the Nashik division with the FDA.Earlier, the food and adulteration Act was in force in Maharashtra. The municipal corporations had to implement the law in their jurisdictions, while it was implemented by the FDA beyond municipal limits. The registration and licences were also given by the municipal corporations in their jurisdictions. But after the amendment in food and adulteration Act, the state introduced the new act\u2014 the food safety and standard Act, 2006.Accordingly, the accountability of implementing the law in the jurisdictions of municipal corporations and municipal councils was entrusted with the FDA. As per the new act, the posts of food inspectors were converted to FSOs. Presently, there are still eight FSOs with municipal corporations in the Nashik division, but they are working for the FDA.Speaking to TOI, a senior FDA official said, \"There are eight FSOs with four municipal corporations and a municipal council in the Nashik revenue division, but they are working for the FDA. We have sent the proposal to the state for their merger with the FDA. Out of the eight FSOs, two are from NMC, two from Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC), one from Manmad Municipal Council, two from Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation (AMC) and one from Jalgaon Municipal Corporation (JMC).\"He added, \"These eight FSOs will be merged with the FDA once we get the state's approval. Nashik divisional office of FDA, includes five districts Nashik, Ahmednagar, Jalgaon, Dhule and Nandurbar. We have around 35 FSOs in Nashik division, including 15 in Nashik district, five in Jalgaon, eight in Ahmednagar district and seven jointly for Dhule and Nadnurbar districts. We are functioning as per the food safety and standard Act, which came into effect from 2011. Different assignments have been given to them and each FSO has been given some specific target of collecting samples and conducting inspections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704832", "title": "\u2018Trained quacks must be utilised\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: India should make use of the four lakh quacks practis hasing in rural areas by involving them in the national health schemes for assisting in deliveries, TB screening and child vaccination programmes, said planning commission member Syeda Saiyidain Hameed.The commission, she said, has made this recommendation to the states to help them achieve healthcare for all.Hameed was in Chennai to inaugurate a perinatology clinic at Sri Ramachandra University.\"Several villages in the country have no doctors. We are not going get them for some more years, although we have recommended high salary, quarters and schooling for their children. No doctor wants to work in tribal villages. The rural doctor degree is also unlikely to take off any time soon as the medical council has raised objections. So, until we get doctors, it's good to train the existing caretakers and use their services,\"' she said.Tamil Nadu , she said, has managed to bring down maternal mortality rates because it managed to train women who worked in primary health centres.\"I have seen seven women help a woman deliver at a primary health centre in Dharmapuri when there was no doctor. All they had in the dingy room were some candles,\" she said. The allocation for health will be increased from less than 1% to 2.5% by the end of 2017, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16705409", "title": "Bangalore stays home all day", "text": "BANGALORE: On weekends, Bangalore is abuzz, with people up and about. But Saturday was not a normal weekend. Most people stayed put at home, waiting patiently for an end to the protest against the Supreme Court order to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu .Flag-waving volunteers of organizations that called for the bandh roamed around almost all localities, asking business establishments to shut shop and ordering people not to venture out.The Majestic area and central business district also shut down completely. \"There was not a single soul on MG Road, Brigade Road, Church Street and Commercial Street. It's the first time I've seen something like this,\" businessman Irfan Ahmed informed STOI.\"It reminds me of West Bengal, where strikes are very frequent. It disrupts public life, irrespective of the cause of the protest,\" said Anindita Chakraborty, a resident of HSR Layout.Anyone found outside was stopped and questioned, and only vehicles of emergency services were allowed. Buses, autorickshaws, taxis (except those plying to Bengaluru International Airport) were off the roads. Barring a few stray incidents of stone-throwing, the bandh was peaceful.The shutdown was total in the Cauvery basin districts but partial in the coastal areas. There was no response in north Karnataka.Passengers who arrived at the bus and railway stations had a tough time reaching home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706757", "title": "Thugs strike in broad daylight in Hazratgan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two sensational loots took place within a span of 30 minutes. Besides being similar as far as modus operandi was concerned, the two cases speak volumes of the poor law and order situation which has given criminals the dare to strike at will in the heart of the city, that too barely 100 metres from the Hazratganj police station. Police in both the incidents were mere mute spectators like the passers-by on the road.\"Poor law and order condition was one of the main reasons for the Samajwadi Party's defeat in 2007 assembly election. It promised a 'fearless society' before coming to power in March this year. But the recent spurt in incidents of crime has brought back the memories of those lawless days,\" says a trader Halwasiya.At Hazratganj, Shashwat Agrawal, son of Jai Bhagwan , resident of Eldeco Green, Ashiana, had withdrawn Rs 6 lakh from IDBI Bank's Hazratganj branch near Cooperative Bank. Carrying the cash in a bag, Shashwat was crossing the road to reach his car parked illegally on the opposite side of the main road when two unidentified miscreants riding a black motorcycle came near him, snatched the bag of cash and sped away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16705135", "title": "BJP can't crack elections at Modi's alma mater", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP may have swept the majority of elections in the state since 1995 - be they elections to Agricultural Produce Market Committees (APMC), milk and banking co-operatives, guilds and even panchayat and zilla elections, till recently. That's not all, even Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA), which never saw BJP patronship is today dominated by the party.For some strange reason, in the last 17 years, not once has BJP been able to dent the Gujarat University syndicate elections in Ahmedabad. It's a topic most BJP men avoid, especially when chief minister Narendra Modi himself earned his master's degree in political science from the same university.Strangely, the BJP government appoints a vice chancellor of its choice, but till date has not been able to influence the syndicate - which is an important policy-making body of the university. Of 13 seats in the syndicate, the BJP could win just three this year.In fact, this year, the BJP appointed candidates for 10 seats, after health minister Jay Narayan Vyas and education minister Raman Vora personally requested 10 reluctant candidates to fight the syndicate polls. The result was one of the most important BJP candidates, municipal school board vice chairman Harshad Patel, lost the elections.Sources in the BJP blame the syndicate election loss on the party's decision to appoint former minister and BJP general secretary Kaushik Patel, as in-charge of the elections. This, despite knowing that Patel was far removed from the nuances of the varsity.The strange bit being that today it is the Congress that has been able to influence principals, professors, management association affiliated to the university while BJP has failed to make inroads here. In fact, since 1995, the BJP has appointed VCs from outside the university - former VC Naresh Ved and the present VC Adesh Pal - who have literally no influence.Politics makes strange bedfellows. For the first time, BJP members had to seek support of the vitriolic Adhyapak Mandal, led by former vice chancellor K S Shastri. Ironically, in 2003, the BJP had gone all out against Shastri and even got him arrested for an alleged illegal fee hike.\"The loss was obvious, as the BJP never had a prepared cadre in the university and colleges. Today, while taking policy decisions, the BJP has no say as it is a minority in the syndicate. In such case, what can a BJP-appointed vice chancellor do,\" says former VC, A U Patel.While former VC Parimal Trivedi says, \"When I was there, VC panel members used to fight the syndicate polls, the BJP never chose its candidates. It was the responsibility of the VC to ensure that his panel members win. The party never intervened in these elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16706191", "title": "Mother of murder-suspect youth commits suicide", "text": "SONIPAT: A 45-year-old woman, Murti Devi, mother of a youth, who is accused of murdering a wrestler in Purkhas village of Sonipat, committed suicide hours after police started a hunt in the village for her son, on Saturday evening.Ajit Singh , 23, a young wrestler of Purkhas village was beaten to death, allegedly by another youth of the village. Police registered a case against a co-villager youth, Bhagat Singh , and some other unknown persons on the complaint of deceased's brother Ashok Kumar .Ajit's body, with deep head injuries, was found near a wrestling akhara on the outskirts of the village on Saturday morning.Sources said that Ajit had gone to the akhara for routine wrestling practice in the morning at around 4 am on Saturday. Later, his body was spotted near the akhara by some villagers.On receiving information, police reached the spot. After preliminary investigations, the victim's body was sent to civil hospital for postmortem examination.SHO of Sonipat police station, Jaswant Kumar, said that a violent clash had occurred between Ajit and accused Bhagat about one year ago, when Ajit had reportedly humiliated Bhagat, who soon left the village and started living with his relatives in another village. He had been reportedly nursing a grudge since then. On the basis of this suspicion, the victim's brother named Bhagat as an accused. However, no one has been arrested so far, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16708601", "title": "DLF clarifications 'half truths and lies': Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday described the clarifications of realty major DLF on his allegations that Robert Vadra was given property at throw away prices for government favours as \"half truths and lies\".\"DLF has issued a response. It is full of half truths and lies. A lot of information has been suppressed,\" he tweeted.\"We will issue a detailed response tomorrow. But does Vadra stand by DLF response or does he have another version. Would appreciate his version,\" Kejriwal said.DLF has rejected the allegations that it had given unsecured loans to 43-year-old Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi , as a 'quid pro quo' for favours and said it had transparent dealing with him as an individual entrepreneur.In a statement yesterday, the company had said it had given Rs 65 crore as \"business advances\" out of which Rs 15 crore was fully refunded and Rs 50 crore was used for purchase of land.Rejecting the allegations made by activists Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan that the company favoured Vadra, DLF had said it neither received any undue benefit from any state governments nor was it allotted any land by Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan governments.DLF had also dismissed the charge that the company sold properties to Vadra and his companies at a throwaway price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16705914", "title": "Elderly woman assaulted at Mapusa over minor mishap", "text": "MAPUSA: An elderly woman was assaulted after being involved in a minor accident at Mapusa on Saturday.Eyewitnesses said the woman aged between 50-60 years was travelling from Mapusa towards Dattawadi in her car. Further on the slope, her car slightly brushed against a minor girl.The girl's father, who was present, started abusing the woman and assaulted her with fist blows. Eyewitnesses said that the girl did not get any major injuries and even after apologies from the woman who assured that she was ready to compensate, the man continued assaulting her.The woman suffered injuries with her face bleeding. Shocked passersby called the police who intervened and helped resolve the issue. No police case was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16704744", "title": "Vanya shooting: Guard's gun licence fake", "text": "GURGAON: The security guard, accused of shooting at five-year-old Vanya in DLF V, possessed a fake gun licence which he bought for Rs 65,000, police revealed on Saturday. A source said the accused guard, Rahul Kumar, was playing hide-and-seek with police for 45 days until he surrenders.A senior police officer said Rahul had got the fake gun licence through a tout from Khagaria district of Bihar in 2008. Investigators found that there was no weapon licence issued in Rahul's name by the district authority.\"Soon after shooting Vanya, Rahul had left for Gaya in Bihar where his in-laws stay. By the time the police team reached Gaya he had left the city and hidden somewhere in Nepal . He returned to Gaya as soon as he learnt that the police team had returned to Gurgaon,\" said a senior police officer.On Friday, after the guard's application for bail was rejected, police took him on four days' police remand and left for Bihar with him for further investigation.\"A police team has been sent to Bihar after we found that he had got the fake gun licence through a tout. He had paid Rs 65,000 for making his gun licence. We are also questioning LE security agency, which had employed him in spite of his having had a fake licence,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF).Rahul, accused of shooting five-year-old girl Vanya on the premises of Trinity Towers in DLF Phase V, surrendered in a city court in Gurgaon on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16705766", "title": "Poachers electrocute two elephants in Ganjam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A female elephant and a six-month-old male calf died on Saturday after they came in contact with an electric trap laid by poachers in a forest in Ganjam district's Ghumsar area. The shocking incident came even as the government is celebrating Wildlife Week.This, however, was not an isolated incident. The carcass of a tusker was recovered two days ago in a forest in Mayurbhanj district. This was preceded by the killing of two elephants for tusks at Buguda in Ganjam district last month. Every week, elephant poaching or electrocution incidents are reported from all over Odisha, not to speak of the countless poaching of wild boars, deer and other animals.Ghumsar north division forest officer KC Mishra was virtually in tears while narrating Saturday's incident. \"I could not stand the scene of the mother elephant and its baby lying dead. I cannot believe that poachers could be so cruel to kill an innocent baby elephant,\" Mishra said. \"The dead animals were part of a nine-member herd believed to be heading towards Kandhamal district. The calf being a male, the mother expectedly kept him away from the herd fearing an attack from an adult male. But the poachers killed both of them,\" Mishra said, adding that a wild boar was also found electrocuted at the site.The DFO said the forest staff had been conducting a massive combing operation in the area to nab the culprits. \"We would surely catch the culprits and make them face trial for this dastardly act. Adequate arrangements have been made for the safe passage of other elephants,\" he said.Wildlife watchers cite the Ghumsar incident as only a pointer to the degree of threat animals in Odisha have been facing for the past few years with forest covers dwindling, animal migratory passages vanishing and rampant poaching and mining drastically squeezing their food sources. An estimated 60 elephants annually die in unnatural circumstances in Odisha, a quarter of them due to electrocution. Places such as Similipal have reported mass slaughter of elephants along with desperate attempts by officials to cover up the incidents. The government claimed rise in elephant population to nearly 2000 through a census carried out early this year, which wildlife activists refuse to accept. Census carried out this year put the elephant population at 1930, a figure wildlife activists say grossly lowered. \"This is a fake claim purposely made to give a rosy picture of the government. The truth is far worse in the forest,\" Biswajit Mohanty of Wildlife Society of Odisha (WSO) said.Chief wildlife warden J D Sharma attributed the repeated incidents of elephant deaths to low-lying electric lines, use of concrete poles, and non-use of circuit breakers and the menace of poachers. \"I am indeed shocked at Saturday's incident. I have taken up the problems seeking remedies with the government and power distribution companies several times, but in vain,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706033", "title": "Mangalore police bust hawala racket, nab 27", "text": "MANGALORE: The city crime branch sleuths of Mangalore City Police busted a major nationwide hawala racket arresting 27 persons on Saturday. The police recovered Rs 78.69 lakh during the daylong raid. The raid, on a house at Kodialguthu IInd cross, was carried out under direct supervision of city police chief Manish Kharbikar and continued from 4am till 6.30pm.CCB sleuths kept a watch on the house for one week before moving in early in the day. They first intercepted a person who had come from Hubli with Rs 25 lakh in cash and later another one with Rs 20 lakh. Such was the level of secrecy maintained that the sleuths were able to nab 25 persons before media got wind of the same and started flashing it. The last accused, unaware of these developments, was caught at 6.30pm.Kharbikar said police had information about 'something fishy' going on in the house. The operations in the house, rented by Suresh from Gujarat, were going on for the past year with average daily hawala transactions running up to Rs 1 crore. Apart from the cash, the sleuths also seized 17 motorcycles, 28 cell phones, more than 100 pages of coded transactions in Gujarati and two 'hawala' jackets.The accused, hailing from different parts of India, transacted with Suresh, who was the pointsman for Patel Ashish Kumar Kantilal and Company, Ahmedabad, a Gujarat-based company which operated on a nationwide scale with 'branches' in Mysore and Bangalore as well. The entire operation was carried out over mobile phones, based purely on trust, Kharbikar said. The transactions in the operation were 'coded' and will have to be translated, he added.Observing that as per preliminary investigation no foreign angle has emerged in the hawala transactions, Kharbikar said efforts are on to ascertain if the money was being used for anti-national activities. The hawala jackets with 20 pockets could each carry Rs 3 lakh in cash and were used by the accused to transport the money, he said. A case has been registered under sections 41D read with 102 of CrPC in Barke police station, Kharbikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chief minister manohar parriker will release domnic p f fernandes' book titled 'mapusa", "code": "16705717", "title": "Release of book on Mapusa", "text": "Chief minister Manohar Parriker will release Domnic P F Fernandes' book titled 'Mapusa: Yesterday and Today' at the Mapusa municipality hall, Mapusa, on October 7 at 4.45pm. Minister for environment and forests Alina Saldanha, water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar and Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo will be the guests of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704897", "title": "Indira Gandhi Government Medical College gets RS1.8cr aid to buy equipments", "text": "NAGPUR: Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) has received Rs1.8 crore from the district planning and development committee. The medical college administration is planning to use this money to buy an ambulance, two generators, some kitchen machinery, a medical cart and a public display system.The college dean Dr Prakash Wakode told TOI that although the college is yet to get formal clearance from the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) for using this money, the college has decided to use the money judiciously keeping in mind immediate needs.Buying an ambulance is one of the biggest priorities. \"As per the rate contract we might get an ambulance for about Rs13 lakh. Of the two existing ambulances one is many times put on emergency duty for VIPs. So, a new one is needed. The air-conditioned ambulance will have provision of four stretchers,\" he said.The college is also planning to procure two generators, one for the classes and the other for the dean's office. At present the college does not have any generators and work is affected whenever there is power outages. College is also planning to modernize the hostel kitchen to make up for the shortage of manpower. Besides these some money will be also used to develop a need based public display system for the benefit of patients and visitors.Four-seater motorized medical carts will also be procured. Dr Wakode said that he got the idea of getting these carts after he saw such vehicles at airports and railway stations. It will have two stretchers and will carry patients from casualty to wards. To begin with the college is planning to procure one such cart from Bangalore on trail basis. If it works well more such carts can be procured as it will reduce the load on ward boys and casualty staff who have to carry patients physically.Two other changes that Dr Wakode is planning to introduce is radiofrequency based identification system which come as an alternative to the existing biometric system. \"It will record the entry and presence of every employee of the college and hospital as soon as the person enters the college premises. It will also help prevent unauthorized vehicles from entering areas reserved for the staff. But I have not yet got any response from local manufacturers and we can't import the expensive system. So the system will be brought in only after we get a locally made device,\" said the dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704283", "title": "Brace for mega block today", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services between CST and Bandra/Andheri will remain suspended from 10.45am to 3.45pm due to mega block on Sunday. Passengers for Bandra/ Andheri will be allowed to travel via the Main line and Western Railway from 10am to 5pm.There will be no services between CST and Kurla in the Down direction between 10.50am and 3.15pm. Trains will run via the Main line on the Fast tracks up to Kurla, from where they will travel on the Harbour line up to Panvel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704494", "title": "Two more arrested for bid to grab property", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after a brazen attempt was made by some unidentified people to occupy the Vasant Kunj house of a doctor of Lady Hardinge Hospital who had been murdered, similar cases have been reported from the Yamuna Vihar area in northeast Delhi and Yusuf Sarai in south Delhi.Dr Hemlata Gupta, who was killed in 2007 over an alleged property dispute, had no heir and her house was lying vacant for the past five years.The modus operandi remains the same. A local property dealer pushes some middle-aged women with fake property documents into a house. When the hassled owner goes to the cops, these women play the victim. If the owner persists, the gang lodges fake cases against the owner.The latest incident came to light on Friday when two persons were arrested.The police said that P D Sharma, a retired teacher staying in Bulandshahr, was earlier working in a government school at Timarpur. In 1986, he bought land at Vijay Park near Ghonda. He built a house and gave it on rent. This tenant refused to pay rent and was evicted by Sharma after a prolonged legal battle. One Shakil Malik then became the new tenant but stopped paying the rent some months ago, said the cops.\"To Sharma's shock, Malik showed him a forged document and said he had bought the property. He even got five women from Loni in Ghaziabad to stay there,'' said a police officer.Sharma complained to senior officers of northeast district after the local Bhajanpura police refused to act. When the cops didn't take any call on whether Malik's papers were fake, Sharma moved the commissioner's office. This time the IO concluded that it was an organized gang at work. On Friday, a case was registered and two of the accused - Hasina and Salim - were arrested. \"They told us they had been hired by property dealers from south Delhi and UP for grabbing such properties,\" said an officer.Another modus operandi is to lodge false complaints at UP police stations and force person to sell off his property. A businessman in Yusuf Sarai is facing a case of attempt to murder at Pilkuah and Loni in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16705839", "title": "Centre should create financial package for mining-affected: BJP", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Goa has demanded that the central government formulates a financial package to rehabilitate the weaker sections among those affected by the halt in mining activity in Goa, at least till legal mining resumes.Briefing the media, BJP state vice-president Wilfred Mesquita said that the BJP is aware of its role, responsibility and obligation towards the rehabilitation of all those who are financially affected because of the halt in mining exports. \"The BJP will ensure that the Goa government on its part does everything at its command to expedite the case now pending before the highest court of the country,\" Mesquita said.Asked whether mine owners should not be made to pay for the rehabilitation of the affected people, Mesquita said that the mine owners should \"have a conscience\" to give on their own and that they cannot be forced to do so.Mesquita slammed the Congress, both in the state and at the Centre, for the mining mess in Goa. In a press release, Mesquita said, \"The Shah commission has indicted the Digambar Kamat government for abetting illegal mining. This view was further strengthened by Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan's decision of suspending environmental clearances of the mines. In other words it means that all clearances given by her ministry were illegal. If so, does the Congress admit that this has led to illegal mining? First you drag people into illegal mining and then you support a ban on mining. This is a cruel joke which can come from ruthless, anti-people and feudal minds.\"Mesquita held the Congress responsible for dragging large number of people \"to invest in ancillary mining business, fully aware that a large part of mining was illegal\". \"That is the reason why the Congress party should show a modicum of responsibility instead of indulging in a blame game,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704721", "title": "After shying away from decisions for 7 months, Government clears 44 proposals in three weeks", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a government shying away from taking decisions, leave alone the tough ones, it's been a busy three weeks, with the Union Cabinet, along with the Cabinet committees of economic affairs (CCEA) and infrastructure, clearing 44 proposals.That works to almost 15 a week, almost five times the average for January to September 13, when the government got moving with an increase in diesel price and a cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders. But the decision on fuel price is not even being counted given it was not endorsed by the Cabinet.From January to September 13, over a period of over 36 weeks, the government took 121 decisions, which work out to around three decisions a week. This included 59 approvals by the Cabinet, 33 by CCEA, 27 by the Cabinet committee on infrastructure (CCI) and two by other panels, an analysis of official statements on the Press Information Bureau (PIB) website showed.Since September 14, when the Cabinet approved FDI in multi-brand retail and followed it up with the insurance and pension Bills, of the 44 decisions, 21 have been cleared by the Cabinet, 16 by CCEA and seven by CCI. So much so that over a quarter of the 165 Cabinet decisions were taken during the last three weeks.There were at least four months \u2014 January, February, May and June \u2014 where Cabinet meetings together resulted in less than 10 decisions in each of the months.Elections in the politically-crucial Uttar Pradesh may be blamed for a slowdown in decision-making in January and February. Things did pick up in March and April but again came to a standstill in May and June when many of the tough decisions such as oil price hike and FDI were to be taken. But the summer heat or the presidential polls seem to have taken a toll on the government.Whatever the reason, July onwards, amid a volley of criticism from investors and industry captains, the government finally got moving. Most of the decisions in the last three weeks have been related to the economy.Officials say that a heavy economic agenda for meetings is here to stay for a while. At least one crucial decision, to set up the Projects Investment Board, an inter-ministerial panel to remove hurdles for large projects, is expected to be approved over the next 10 days.There are several smaller decisions on the anvil which include stake sale in public sector companies and a policy to sell surplus land with various government departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16711113", "title": "Lady Gaga's restaurant slammed by health officials for filthy habits", "text": "The high-end Manhattan restaurant owned by Lady Gaga and her family has been hit with a number of violations by the Department of Health .Joanne Trattoria on the city's West Side restaurant was smacked with a shameful 'C' grade, the lowest possible rating, after health officials uncover its filthy habits, the Daily Mail reported.Any restaurant racking up 28 or more violation points gets stamped with a 'C' and Gaga's was found to have a staggering 42, six of them 'critical'.According to the report published by the Smoking Gun , the clean team visited the restaurant, run by Gaga's parents Joseph and Cynthia Germanotta, on October 2.The Gotham eatery first fell foul (literally) of health standards less than one month after its launch in February, scoring a boarder-line 'C' with 31 violations.Now, the health officials discover that the restaurant has no hand-wash basins in staff toilets.\"Hand washing facility not provided in or near food preparation area and toilet room,\" the scathing report reads.\"Hot and cold running water at adequate pressure to enable cleanliness of employees not provided at facility. Soap and an acceptable hand-drying device not provided,\" it added.Other health crimes committed by Joanne's included staff wearing filthy clothing and no hair nets.Surfaces were left unwashed, officials found, food not protected from contamination and kitchen workers abandoned utensils in favour of their hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704448", "title": "India poised for giant leap in space science, 56% jump in collaboration with US, France, Russia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may have taken a giant leap into the hallowed club of space research, with leaders like the United States and Russia, increasingly joining hands with Indian space scientists in quest for the unknown. Latest data on India's international collaboration in space sciences has shown an almost 56% increase between 2001-05 and 2006-10.Between 2001 and 2005, 629 publications were internationally co-authored between Indian and international space scientists. The output increased to almost 980 publications by 2006-10 \u2014 a growth of 55.8% in raw volume.These internationally co-authored publications, which contributed to 45.2% of India's total research output in 2001-05 increased to 47.1% by 2006-10.The analysis, done by Thomson Reuters and submitted to the ministry of science and technology, says these levels of international cooperation are the highest among all the fields under analysis. The US was India's most frequent collaborating partner in this field with American researchers co-authoring 465 publications with their Indian counterparts \u2014 22.3% of India's total research output in space science.France was the second most important collaborating partner with India, co-authoring 206 publications with Indian researchers in 2006-10. France accounted for 9.9% of India's total research output in this field, an increase of 1.7% since 2001-05.Collaborating in space science as percentage of India's total research output in this field also increased with the UK (+0.8%) and Germany (+1.4%), Russia (+1.9%), Spain (+1.4%), Australia (+0.7%) and the Netherlands (+0.7%). Collaboration has increased substantially across the board with all major countries.Consider the case of Russia. Indian and Russian space scientists co-authored 29 papers between 2001 and 2005, and the output increased to 82 papers between 2005 and 2010. Ditto for Germany. As against 98 papers co-authored in 2001-05, the output rose to 175 in 2006-10.Similarly, with the UK, the output increased from 107 to 177 during the same period, Italy (from 83 to 119), the US (from 316 to 465), Spain (from 45 to 96), Japan (from 80 to 109), France (from 114 to 206) and Australia (from 51 to 91).According to the Planning Commission, the 11th five year Plan witnessed significant progress in international cooperative endeavours in space science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704203", "title": "Eco-friendly toilets gain popularity", "text": "HYDERABAD: The bio-digester, developed mainly for the Indian army as an eco-friendly toilet by the Defence Research and Development Authority (DRDO) has just got more popular. The technology has been transferred to as many as 40 firms across the country. The eco-friendly toilet, which can be set up anywhere for use where there is no provision of sewer lines, will be available for the general public to buy.While the DRDO manufactured bio-digesters, which are being supplied by government agencies, reportedly cost around Rs 12,000 apiece, those manufactured by private firms may cost slightly higher. This is because the firms have to pay not only for the technology transfer but also for the royalty for each bio-digester sold.\"The transfer of technology to various firms is happening through FICCI. There is a huge demand for bio-digesters all over the country for the advantages it has,\" Dr Lokendra Singh, director, Directorate of Life Sciences, DRDO told TOI. It would be up to the firms to decide on their pricing, he added.A bio-digester is a device connected to one toilet or a series of toilets to treat human waste under anoxic conditions. In a bio-digester, the bio-degradation of human waste takes place in a wide range of temperatures and in the presence of toxic chemicals. The actual vessel in which the fermentation is carried out is carried out with the help of bacteria is called bio-digester. The DRDO developed the bio-digester mainly to cater to the needs of the Indian Army personnel deployed in high altitude regions. of the Himalayas in the north, east and north-east.The temperature in most of these places is in sub-zero range permanently like in the Siachen glacier or seasonally like in Leh and Drass and the ambient temperature goes down to as low as -50 degrees centigrade.According to defence scientists, the ambient temperature does not allow the natural microbes to decompose the human waste. Such un-decomposed human waste which gets accumulated leads to health problems apart from contaminating the places.What was developed mainly for the use of soldiers has caught the fascination of various government departments too. The railways has started using them. The ministry of drinking water and sanitation plan to install a bio-digester in every gram panchayat in the country with as many as 80,000 planned in the first phase itself. There is also a plan to install 10,000 bio-digesters in the Lakshadweep islands.DRDO sources said a firm in Hyderabad has also got the transfer of technology for the manufacture of bio-digesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710204", "title": "Cheryl Cole reveals how she came to hate Simon Cowell", "text": "Cheryl Cole has revealed how she came to hate music mogul Simon Cowell after he axed her from the US 'X Factor'.In her most outspoken attack on the supremo, the 29-year-old singer said her fury over the way he dumped her from the show was so deep-rooted that she would never get over it.She said her hatred and loss of respect for him intensified when Tom Bower's biography of Simon revealed he wanted to have an affair with her.The Geordie singer, who made a fleeting return to the current series of the ITV1 programme, confessed it is unlikely she will ever work closely with Cowell again because she no longer trusts him.\"Hatred is a horrible word. Sadly it is exactly how I felt when Simon betrayed me on the US X Factor,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling a pal.\"Simon and I had grown close since working together in the UK and I thought of him as a true friend. He was my rock when I split from Ashley. But the day I learned I was being axed from the show was one of the worst days of my life. I lost my respect for Simon. And our rock solid friendship shattered into a million pieces.\"I hated him for losing faith in me, for not giving me a chance after everything we had been through. He knew my ability as a judge here in the UK yet he failed to stand by me,\" she said.On the other hand, Cowell hit back at Cole by telling a close friend \"All I've ever wanted to do was help her - she's always made mistakes surrounding herself with the wrong people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704830", "title": "\u2018Discussion can ensure peace at work\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Several workplaces are badly in need of open discussions to remove conflicts of personalities and work culture among employees of different generations, experts felt at a conference organised by the Madras School of Social Work here on Saturday.About 29 million young adults join the workforce every year. While they see technology as their religion, the elders resist technology and seem to find the young workers consumerist, self-centered and lacking in ethics. Such differences can be removed through education, enablement and empowerment to ensure better inter-personal relationships and a better work culture, they felt.Participants at the seminar on multi-generational diversity at the workplace felt that tackling generation gap and creating a workplace where differences could be overcome was the need of the hour.\"Relationship is at stake at all levels in the family and in today's fast-paced world where there is little or no communication. The situation is replicated at the work place with zero communication between the older and younger members and if unchecked the gap will widen,\" said MSSW principal Dr Fatima Vasanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16704745", "title": "Masuri riots part of larger conspiracy: NGO", "text": "GHAZIABAD: An independent fact-finding team from NGO Jan Hastakshep, led by journalist Saeed Naqvi, has released a report alleging that the killing of 6 people in Masuri on September 14 was part of a larger conspiracy to stoke communal tension in the area. The team has listed a number of inconsistencies in the investigation so far and has demanded a judicial probe.The report uncovers the mismatch between the official version of the events and the narratives of the residents. \"It is important that a judicial probe into this incident be conducted without delay. Such an inquiry should be conducted by a sitting judge of the high court. Administrative inquiry will only be a means to cover up,\" says the report.The organization said police are currently misusing open-ended FIRs to \"terrorize\" and \"implicate people\". Their investigation has led them to believe that the \"official' version of things does not stand up to scrutiny, it added. \"Police claim they only had one rifle at a police station that oversees a number of villages. Police also claim they didn't know about a large group coming to the police station, though the administration claims people were mobilized using loudspeakers,\" said Saeed Naqvi.The team alleged police had behaved in a manner that smacks of disregard for human life. \"It appears that the people had gathered without violent intent. Police firing was not only excessive but also uncalled for,\" reads the report. The situation could have been handled better, sparing people's lives, it adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16704896", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital delays release of organ donor\u2019s body", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old business process outsourcing (BPO) firm employee, who struggled to get the body of his father from the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital mortuary, finally got it after paying the 3,000 demanded by the authorities as 'fees'. The hospital dean later said there was \"no need to pay money\" and promised action against the errant staff.According to Chinna Sekar, the BPO employee, his 65-year-old father Balu, a retired BSNL employee, was hit by an unknown vehicle at the Oorapakkam bus stand early on Thursday when he went to attend a call of nature.Some bus passengers and others took Balu to the government hospital in Chengalpet. \"The Guduvanchery police informed me about the accident on Thursday afternoon and I rushed to Chengalpet. The doctors there asked me to shift him to the GH in Chennai as his condition was critical. We came here on Thursday night. Doctors examined my father and said he was brain dead,\" Chinna Sekar told TOI.Some hospital officials asked me to donate my father's organs saying it would help several needy people. \"I agreed. On Saturday afternoon, the organs were operated from my father's body and the body was sent to the morgue. But I was shocked when the hospital authorities refused to release it and insisted that I pay 3,000. I didn't bring money and I borrowed from some people to pay the fees,\" Sekar said.The money was collected under 'hospital expenses' in receipt number 1199086 that bears the seal of R Subramanian, finance and accounts officer, Chennai - 3, he said.\"I asked some hospital officials to waive the amount as I had donated my father's organs to the hospital. They told me they would give a certificate and a receipt which could be submitted at a counter to get back the money that was paid,\" Sekar said.When contacted, GH dean Dr V Kanagasabai said, \"There is no need to pay money. It seems to be an illegal transaction. We will take action against the staff who demanded the money.\"Balu, who was employed at the BSNL office in Neyveli till his retirement, is survived, apart from Chinna Sekar, by his wife Lakshmi and three daughters, all elder than Chinna Sekar, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706370", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav gifts new toy train to Lucknow zoo", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday announced a new toy train for Lucknow zoo. The CM made the announcement during the ongoing Wildlife Week celebrations. He said the state government will bear the cost of the new toy train, and added, \"The existing toy train has become old and it has to be replaced.\" He also said that his government is committed to increase the green cover in Lucknow, unlike the previous government, which cut several trees to build memorials. He also said that the new announcements will be made by SP Yadav, minister of state for zoological gardens, on his behalf.On the occasion, announcements like modernisation and beautification of Lucknow and Kanpur zoos, building an additional zoo in Lucknow, sanction of Rs 11 crore for green belt plantation in the state, allocating Rs 10 crore for protecting forest in sensitive districts and increasing the annual budget of Lucknow zoo from Rs 70 lakh to Rs 2 crore, were also made.The winners of various competitions held during the Wildlife Week were given away prizes by the chief minister.Besides, field director, Dudhwa, Shailesh Prasad; Sanjay Kumar , DM (Moradabad), Mahendra Singh, conservator; PP Singh, deputy conservator; Ashok Mishra, DFO and RB Singh were awarded for safely trapping the Rahmankhera tiger and releasing it in the wild.On the other hand, CKP Chaudhary, circle officer, Dudhwa was given the Anirudh Bhargava Award for his conservational efforts. On the occasion, JS Asthana, PCCF (UP), Rupak De, PCCF (wildlife), Renu Singh, zoo director and other senior forest officers were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708121", "title": "A fresh dose of fun", "text": "The students of BCom at Lucknow University recently threw a fresher's party at a lounge in the city, to welcome the new batch.The fachchas were seen having a great time interacting with their seniors at the do, with many games organized to break the ice.After the initial introduction session, the juniors were tasked with various dares, like stealing numbers from the mobiles of their classmates. We heard Akriti telling her friend, \"Mujhe toh laga tha LU mein koi freshers' party nahi milegi.\"Later, all the freshers willingly joined in the fray to be crowned Mr and Miss Fresher, but it was Shadab and Megha, the crowd favourites, who walked away with the respective titles. The students also enjoyed a dance session on the beats of chartbusters like Brown Rang, Tum Hi Ho Bandhu and Cocktail Mashup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16706555", "title": "Kerala set to fly solo", "text": "What does a state with three international airports, another in the offing and seven million passengers passing through it annually do next? Open its own airline, of course. And that's what Kerala is doing. If that sounds audacious and unrealistic at a time when most airlines are in the red, those heading it are unfazed. After all, they ask, didn't Kerala give India its first airport based on the PPP (public-private participation) model in Cochin in 1999? And it's running profitably, garnering Rs 100 crore last year alone.But what compelled this sliver of a state to think of starting its own airline, says Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy , was the step-motherly treatment meted out by AI Express. \"It cancelled flights recently to the Gulf at the drop of a hat. Despite knowing two weeks beforehand, it didn't inform our passengers. We don't expect this from a national carrier. Also, the fares of other airlines are too exorbitant for workers in the Gulf.\" (see box) Interestingly, this is probably the first instance globally when a state/provincial government will hold equity stake in an airline , says an aviation adviser at Ernst &amp; Young. \"Globally, there haven't been any instances of provincial, regional or municipal governments owning carriers. But in June this year, Lithuania's Vilnius City Municipality announced plans to have an airline, Air Lituanica,\" he says.The idea of starting an airline began in 2005 and Air Kerala International Services was registered in 2006. What's given many the confidence that it will take off is that it's based on the same business model as Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL). Both are funded by the people of Kerala, a capital where there will be no exit pressures. Also, the architect of CIAL's success and its present MD, V J Kurian, will also be heading the proposed Air Kerala. Chandy hopes it will take off by early next year.However, running an airport and an airline are two different things. But Kurian cites the example of profitable airlines such as Indigo, Air Asia and Air Arabia. \"Any company should make its captive audience shareholders in the venture. In CIAL's case, it received investments from some 10,000 NRIs and those whose lands were acquired were given jobs at the airport, making it as much their airport as the state's ,\" he says. \"CIAL also has 10% lesser landing charge than other airports in India and no user development fee, making it attractive for airlines.\"Air Kerala will be a low-cost carrier (LCC). It's looking at an initial investment of Rs 200 crore and expects a base of two lakh shareholders, says Kurian. \"Shares will be sold at Rs 10,000 each. Discount coupons will be given to the shareholders and is likely to be 10% of the amount invested.\" Kerala government and CIAL will hold 26% stake, while the rest will come from individuals and NRIs.Already, M A Yousuf Ali, MD of the LuLu chain of supermarkets in the Gulf and who was part of AI's board before resigning this year, has pledged that 22,000 of his employees will buy shares. NRI industrialist Ravi Pillai too said 35,000 of his employees will buy the shares, says Kurian, bringing in an investment of Rs 57 cr straightaway.Speaking to Sunday Times from Dubai, Ali says, \"We are not looking at Air Kerala as a 100% business model, but we want many to invest in it.\" Kurian says that out of the 25 lakh Malayalees in the Gulf, he expects 2-3 lakh to invest here.A state-owned carrier, in fact, has a lot going for it. The E&Y; adviser says it serves a larger purpose of bringing in economic benefits to the region. \"Air Kerala will have high volume traffic between Kerala and the Gulf, ready availability of airport infrastructure (Kerala will eventually have five international airports) and ready-made routes,\" he says. In fact, there are many unexplored routes which this airline can service , says Ali. \"This includes Fujairah, an emirate of UAE, which has some 50,000 Indians staying there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16704801", "title": "Good politics takes time to triumph", "text": "Will your party succeed? Can you people take on these giants, with all their money and organizational power? How can a new party win elections without a caste-based vote bank?These days i am greeted with questions of this kind. Each time i feel happy and reassured, for someone bothers to ask these questions. For years i have been associated with peoples' movements and organizations that have tried to intervene in electoral politics. These movements comprise some of the finest persons in public life in this country - as idealist, brave and committed as you can imagine. Barring a few exceptions, all of them lost their deposits in elections. Yet their defeat did not make news. No one had asked me questions about whether they could succeed.It is different this time. Six weeks before the birth of the party, with just a declaration, a date and a draft vision statement, there is a sense of anticipation. There is, of course, no escaping the hard work of organization building from the national to the booth committee, training of lakhs of volunteers, raising at least a minimum amount of resources necessary to contest elections seriously and building public opinion and awareness. Visibility is not a sufficient condition of electoral success, but it is a necessary condition.Are factors like money power and caste-based vote banks also a necessary condition for electoral success? Not quite. To be sure, the new party has to collect substantial funds, and that too in a transparent manner, that allow its candidates to stay in the race. It has to ensure that the social profile of its leadership, candidates and workers inspires confidence among people from different social groups. At the same time, it does not have to play money and caste games. These games work in a routine election, not in an unusual or wave election like 1977. A new entrant cannot hope to win through a regular election. It has to wait for a 'realigning' election, an election that upsets existing caste-community alignments and reshapes voters' enduring loyalties. In such an election money does not matter. In fact, lack of resources could well become a political asset.There is much more to political success than electoral success. There are three less obvious ways in which the new initiative can succeed even when it has not succeeded electorally. First, a new party can shift the agenda of mainstream politics. It may or may not win, but its presence forces bigger parties to pick one or two key items from its agenda into their manifestos. We have already seen this in the case of how all parties want to be seen to be supporting a strong Lokpal. Green parties have had similar effect in Europe. Their electoral performance has not been spectacular, but their presence has forced mainstream parties to pay greater attention to environmental issues.Second, a party that comes with a new political culture can alter the rules of the game in electoral politics. The mere presence of a party with anti-corruption plank can embarrass the bigger parties into dropping some of their most tainted candidates and looking for candidates with cleaner image. A party that leaves candidate selection to its local workers may not change the high command culture, but it can pressure the high command in other parties to pay a little more attention to the sentiments of their own workers. A new party that practices transparency in its funds can shame other parties into taking a few steps. After all, the presence of socialist and communist parties used to perform similar moral function in our politics.Finally, the new party can attract idealist youth to politics. The last time this happened was with the Naxalites and the JP movement in the 1970s. A whole new generation of idealist youth has remained disengaged with politics. This vacuum has allowed dynastic successors, film stars, goons, contractors and property dealers to make politics their business. Even if this party were to channelize a small sub-stream of the idealist youth to politics, it would serve India's public life in innumerable ways. Similarly a very large pool of talented women cannot enter politics today. If this new party provides a decent avenue for women and a mechanism for their fast-track mobility, it can contribute to a momentous shift in our democracy.Politics is not just about success as defined conventionally. Political success is not merely winning elections and making governments. And electoral success need not be instant. A deeper and enduring success in politics requires changing the definition and measures of success.The writer is a political analyst, and is associated with the proposed party discussed in this article", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16705862", "title": "Arrest Digambar Kamat quickly, demands Mickky", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has demanded for the immediate arrest of former chief minister Digambar Kamat on the grounds that the former mining minister was indicted in the Justice Shah commission report into illegal mining and that all who were indicted in the report should be arrested.While addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Pacheco alleged that Kamat had amassed more than 20,000 crore and that as the mining minister, Kamat was the main culprit who patronized, permitted and allowed the loot and plunder of the iron ore resources of Goa with the sole intention of amassing wealth for himself.\"The illegal mining in Goa has almost held the Goan economy to ransom. Since more than 40% of the people of Goa are dependent on mining and the ban on mining has created a panic in the minds of the people and if not dealt in time can cause a civil unrest like situation in Goa,\" added Pacheco .Pacheco again laid the blame on Kamat for 'the current state of affairs' and he added that the economy of Goa was on the threshold of collapsing and lakhs of people who depend on mining for their livelihood are on the verge of starvation.\"I demand that just like the union government has suspended the environmental clearances, they should promptly arrest Digambar Kamat and recover the ill gotten wealth from him and hold him criminally accountable for the loot and destruction of Goa\" said Pacheco.Pacheco further urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to immediately arrest Kamat and others involved in the illegal mining and initiate criminal proceedings against them so that they do not manipulate the records and evidence available.\"The Public Accounts Committee had estimated the loss to the state of Goa to be 3,200 crore rupees. Pending submission of report by the Justice Kanderparkar committee, the state government should recover the 3,200 crore from the mine owners and other people responsible for this state of affairs and use this money for pulling the Goan economy out of the red,\" added Pacheco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "16704222", "title": "Boy chained for not studying Arabic", "text": "MEDAK: In a case of corporal punishment in the state, district police booked a case against a madrassa after a 12-year-old boy complained that he was chained for nearly two weeks and beaten up for not showing interest in studying Arabic. The incident came to light on Saturday when the boy escaped to a judge's house nearby and narrated his plight.According to the police, Mohammed joined Minhajul Uloom Madrassa located in Indira Colony of the town two years back. In his complaint, Mohammed said that he was chained and tortured by his teacher Kaleem Ahmed and headmaster Maulana Farhat for the last two weeks. Police said he had boils on his feet due to the shackles. \"He was beaten up when he tried to escape from the school twice in the past as he was not interested in studying Arabic. Finally, on Saturday, he succeeded in jumping the compound wall while going to the bathroom and landed in the compound of civil judge K Chandrasekhar\", one of his relatives said.When the judge saw the boy in chains, he alerted the police. \"Don't those teachers have children? We sent our child for education, not to be chained and tortured,\" Khwaja Moinuddin, the boy's grandfather, rued.Medak town CI Lalkota Vijay Kumar said cases under section 342 (wrongful restraint) and section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act have been booked against the madrassa management. Mohammed is in the custody of the police and will be handed over to his parents once they come to Medak from Hyderabad. This is the first time an incident of corporal punishment has been reported from a madrassa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704334", "title": "Accused of unnatural sex, man gets bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man accused by his wife of indulging in unnatural sex has been granted protection from arrest by the Delhi high court, after it found allegations are yet to be verified.Justice A K Pathak recently granted anticipatory bail to one Vikas (name changed), who is facing charge under section 377 along with that of dowry harassment. HC said in case he is arrested by cops, Vikas will be released on a bond of Rs 20,000 even as it noted that \"veracity of allegations have to be tested at an appropriate stage\".Vikas' estranged wife slapped a case of dowry harassment against him and levelled a series of allegations against his family members. She alleged her father-in-law sexually abused her and even accused Vikas of incest. Appearing for Vikas, his lawyer Prabhjit Jauhar argued the complainant wife has come up with all kinds of wild and absurd allegations and has even refused medical examination so that the police could get some proof. The defence lawyer also pointed out discrepancies between her statement in the FIR and in her domestic violence petition and said these are just pressure tactics to intimidate the husband.Earlier, a sessions court had rejected Vikas' plea saying the wife had levelled serious allegations against him. Court also directed police to add the charges of unnatural sex under Section 377 IPC against the husband.HC had then given interim bail to the husband after the couple expressed willingness to explore the possibilities of a settlement and requested the court to refer their matter to the mediation centre. However, the case couldn't make much progress at the mediation stage, forcing the husband to return to court for bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16702141", "title": "I can handle negativity, says Robert Vadra as Congress, BJP spar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Caught in a controversy over allegations that he was favoured by realty major DLF, Robert Vadra on Saturday broke his silence saying he can \"handle all the negativity\" even as Congress and BJP sparred over the issue.DLF insisted that its \"business relationship\" with Vadra or his companies had been conducted in individual capacity as per the \"highest standards of ethics and transparency\" and that it had \"not received any undue benefit from any state government or any government authorities in any part of India\".DLF said in a statement that no unsecured loans were provided by it.Arvind Kejriwal , who levelled allegations against Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi , at a press conference here yesterday, said he was ready to face defamation case if his charges were proved untrue.He had alleged that property worth Rs 300 crore was given at throwaway prices by DLF to companies owned by Vadra with an unsecured interest free loan of Rs 65 crore from given by the realty firm.Without getting into specifics of the allegations, sources close to Vadra quoted him as saying that he \"can handle all the negativity\".Apparently suggesting that he had seen worse situations, he stated, \"(I) lost people I loved ... what can be worse\".Congress leadership continued to come to Vadra's defence. Transactions between two private individuals could not be questioned on the basis of \"implied act of corruption\", finance minister P Chidambaram said in Mumbai.The AICC, too, came in support of the 43-year-old businessman married to Priyanka Gandhi, with party spokesman Manish Tewari rejecting demands for a probe into the matter asking \"an inquiry into what?\"BJP spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad told reporters in Jaipur that \"it is the expectation of people of the country that the matter should be investigated. It should also be probed what benefits Congress state governments in Rajasthan, Haryana and Delhi gave to Vadra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16705511", "title": "Tight security in Belgaum for President's visit", "text": "BELGAUM: Elaborate security arrangements will be made in the city on October 11, on the occasion of the inauguration of the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha. The President of India, the Governor of Karnataka, the chief minister and several other dignitaries will attend the function.Briefing media persons here on Saturday, SP Sandeep Patil said four SPs, 14 DySPs, 50 CPIs, 250 ASIs and 2,000 constables and sub-constables will be deployed for controlling crowds and managing traffic.As many as 30 door frame metal detectors and hand-held metal detectors will be installed at the four programme venues to be attended by the President on the day.Entrance to the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha for VIPs, elected representatives and journalists to attend the inaugural programme will be from the main gate, while for the public two gates in the south will be open. Separate parking arrangement have been made for private vehicles. However, no vehicles will be allowed without entry pass. Carrying of cell phone is prohibited during the programme.President Pranab Mukherjee will address the joint legislature session at the SVS. In the afternoon, the President will attend the programme at the Ramakrishna Mission Ashram at Risaldar Galli, where entry for only 150 swamis will be allowed.President will confer the Jnanpith award to Chandrasekhar Kambar at the evening at Mahatma Gandhi Bhavan.For this programme, only 1,200 people will be allowed with pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706337", "title": "Government plans old age homes in all dists", "text": "LUCKNOW: An old age home will be constructed in all the districts of the state. An announcement to this effect was made by Avdhesh Prasad, social welfare minister UP during a television programme held on Saturday. He informed that Rs 30 crores have been sanctioned by the Centre in this regard.In another development, he said that the financial aid given to scheduled caste and scheduled tribe families for getting their daughters married and achieving higher education would also be increased. The minister informed that the process of fund transfer would be made electronic and the money would be transferred to the account of the beneficiary. The step has been taken to check corruption. Reiterating his party's commitment to ensure that every person in need gets his due, he said the SP government is functioning in the way a welfare state should do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704365", "title": "Crackdown on Bandra pub, sex racket busted", "text": "MUMBAI: A pub in Bandra was raided by the social service branch (SSB) of the Mumbai police early on Friday for playing music without a licence.The SSB also busted a gambling and a flesh trade racket that was operating from a bungalow on Bazaar Road, Bandra. Both raids were carried out in a span of three hours.\"Our officers visited Temptations Pub on Hill Road around 1.15am on Friday. The licensee was not present at the establishment and music was being played despite the pub not having a performance licence,\" said Feroz Patel, assistant police commissioner of the SSB.\"A case was registered under Section 33 (w) of the Bombay Police Act with Bandra police station,\" he added.Around 10.30pm on Thursday, an SSB team raided a bungalow on Bazaar Road. According to the police, flesh trade and gambling was being carried out from the premises. \"Seven women were rescued and three persons were arrested under relevant sections of Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act,\" Patel said. The police recovered Rs 33,740 in cash and some material used for gambling. Eight persons, including the bungalow owner, were held under the Gambling Act. The raid on the bungalow was carried out on the basis of a specific tip-off.The accused were handed over to the Bandra police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705153", "title": "No easy loans, cheap deals for Vadra: DLF", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after India Against Corruption activists, Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan, alleged that real estate developer DLF had given properties worth crores to Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra for a song, DLF on Saturday refuted the charge saying that neither were unsecured loans given to Vadra nor was he given premier properties at heavily discounted rates.DLF said that it had business dealings with Vadra's companies but denied that this relationship had led to undue gains for the company or that there was any quid pro quo with the Congress-run government of Haryana for land allotment. The response from the realtor, in the form of questions and answers, came even as several ministers, including finance minister P Chidambaram and law minister Salman Khurshid , rubbished the charges on TV networks.In a statement, DLF said that it had given \"business advances\" of Rs 65 crore in two tranches to Vadra-owned company, Skylight Hospitality, which it claimed was \"standard industry practice\". It denied that this was an unsecured interest-free loan. The first payment of Rs 50 crore was made in 2008-09 for a 3.5 acre plot in Gurgaon's Sikohpur village as part of a total consideration of Rs 58 crore for the plot. Another Rs 15 crore was paid to Skylight Group for a plot in Faridabad, but the amount was refunded as the deal did not materialize.On Vadra purchasing an apartment in the Aralias complex in Gurgaon, DLF said he had paid Rs 11.9 crore in September 2008 at the prevailing market price of Rs 12,000 per sq ft. \"We may also mention that while Aralias was initially launched at Rs 1,800 per sq ft, Vadra's purchase at Rs 12,000 per sq ft is among the highest at which the company sold apartments in Aralias. The alleged figure of Rs 89 lakh as total purchase consideration is completely incorrect.\"DLF added that Vadra's Skylight group, as part of its real estate business, had invested in Magnolias apartments at Rs 10,000 per sq ft in March 2008, which was the prevailing market price at that time, although the initial launch price was Rs 4,500 per sq ft. Vadra's company also bought flats in DLF's Capital Greens project in Gurgaon at the then prevailing price of Rs 5,000-6,000 per sq ft, it said.\"There is no question of offering, let alone selling, Vadra or his group companies any property at a throwaway price. The allegation that seven apartments in Magnolias were sold for Rs 5.2 crore only is also completely baseless. At no stage was a property ever sold to the Skylight group below the then offered price to all customers. The gains, if any, made by Skylight group, by subsequent re-trading would be similar to the gains made by those customers and in line with applicable market price appreciation experienced by all DLF customers in general,\" the statement said.DLF also denied that Vadra had acquired 50% stake in Hilton Garden Inn Hotel, Saket, for just Rs 31.7 crore. It said that the sale was part of the company's strategy to exit non-core businesses and had arrived an enterprise value of Rs 150 crore \u2014 with Rs 80 crore debt and the rest by way of equity \u2014 for the hotel in South Delhi.Skylight Group acquired a 50% stake for Rs 35 crore, DLF said. Even now, when it is scouting for a partner, the enterprise value is pegged at Rs 200 crore, compared to the Rs 300 crore valuation alleged by IAC, DLF said without disclosing the date of the transaction with Skylight. DLF added that it didn't receive any favours from the Haryana government for the Magnolia project, where Vadra is alleged to have acquired seven apartments. It said the land was purchased directly from individuals over a 25-year period and permission to develop was received in the mid-1990s. The realtor said that the recreation and leisure project spread over 350 acre was won through a tender process from HSIIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16706016", "title": "National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test leaves students flummoxed", "text": "MANGALORE: While the state government is gearing up to conduct National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) for undergraduate medical courses in May 2013 following the Supreme Court directions, students and authorities of the state syllabus colleges feel that it would be difficult for students to perform well in NEET.Students and colleges are confused following the controversy over setting up the NEET question paper based on the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) curriculum.Rakshith B, II PU student, says it is difficult for MBBS aspirants to crack NEET because apart from preparing for main exams, which is state syllabus, PU students have to study CBSE syllabus. \"Since NEET is organized for the first time in the state, this year's PU students are likely to face many problems,\" he said.\"Due to implementation of NEET, I have decided to purse engineering instead of MBBS,\" said Sandhya D, another II PU student. Despite studying for long hours, many students have failed to bag a medicine seat through CET last year, she says, adding that \"When this is the situation how can we read two syllabus to score good marks in NEET?\"The announcement of conducting NEET during the middle of academic year is very problematic for II PU students as they have been preparing for CET, which is based on state syllabus, said Ramchandra Bhat, principal of Expert PU College.\"The move to introduce NEET is unfair and unscientific as students and colleges do not know how the question paper will be framed. The government should have revised II PU syllabus before introducing NEET. Any how we are planning to conduct special coaching classes for NEET to our students,\" he added.Alvas Education Foundation chairman M Mohan Alva said it is a mental torture for students. NEET has to be postponed for one more year. Already many students are confused of medical seats allotment under NEET, but there is no need to worry because 85 per cent of medical students are reserved for Karnataka students, he said. But Alvas PU College will conduct special classes to NEET aspirants, he said, adding NEET exams' controversy is just like Cauvery water controversy.\"To facilitate the students to perform well in NEET exams, we have already started conducting special classes for our students,\" Fr Elvis Lewis, principal of St Aloysius PU College. However, DDPU K R Thimmaiah said the department has not yet received any intimation about introducing NEET.\"If NEET is introduced we will conduct special classes in government PU colleges,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16704932", "title": "Poachers electrocute two elephants in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A female elephant and a six-month-old male calf were killed on Saturday after they came in contact with an electric trap laid by poachers in a forest in Odisha's Ganjam district. The incident came to light even as the Odisha government is celebrating Wildlife Week.Worse, poachers have been using electric wires to kill elephants for ivory and make it look like accidental death. The carcass of a tusker was recovered two days ago in a forest in Mayurbhanj district similarly electrocuted, which was preceded by the killing of two elephants at Buguda in Ganjam district last month. Every week, elephant poaching or electrocution of other animals is reported from all over Odisha.Ghumsar forest officer KC Mishra was in tears narrating Saturday's incident. \"I couldn't stand the sight of the mother elephant and its baby lying dead. I can't believe that poachers are so depraved that they'd kill a baby elephant,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710095", "title": "Rajinikanth to be paid Rs 240 crores?", "text": "The Superstar of South Indian cinema Rajinikanth might just sign on for the biggest movie deal ever in India.Despite what fans of the Khan triumvirate think (assuming they can), it is a well-known fact that Rajinikanth is the biggest superstar of India and the highest paid as well. Now, if all goes well, Rajinikanth could become one of the highest stars in the world. The man offering this whopping figure is a certain Hansraj Saxena. He was the chief executive officer of Sun Pictures when Shankar's Enthiran (Robot) was offered to them on a plate after Eros International got cold feet when the budget ballooned to north of Rs 130 crore. Saxena now has his own film production outfit called Sax Pictures. The amount in question is the small amount of Rs 240 crores. In return, the Superstar will have to give his dates for 30 days for a film Saxena has in mind.Now, Rs 240 crore translates to $45 million. That's the range that top Hollywood stars like Tom Cruise and Matt Damon command. If the deal goes through, then Rajinikanth will be right up there in the pantheon of global stars. There is no news about who the director of this magnum opus is going to be, but it has emerged that popular Telugu star Ram Charan Teja will also be signed in order to woo a younger audience and the lucrative Andhra film audience, thus defraying the huge cost. Watch this space for further detail on Hansraj's Superstar Sax appeal.While on megabucks, even as Karan Johar, his special friend and mentee Siddharth Malhotra and other cast members Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt were busy promoting Student Of The Year in London, Dharma Productions chief operating officer Apoorva Mehta was busy raking in even more moolah for the company. He sold the television rights of SOTY and Ranbir Kapoor-starrer Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani to Sony for Rs 50 crore. And, Vivek Agnihotri, on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, has dusted off the shrapnel from the debacle of Hate Story, where he managed to make the sultry Paoli Dam unsexy despite being naked (Dam, not Agnihotri), and has leapt ahead to his next project, Freedom.His publicists have this to say: \"The political thriller promises to give a blow by blow account of modern day India during the last three decades, beginning from the time of emergency declared in 1975 by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi till date. The film would therefore unfold the events in India spanning from 1970s-2000. The film will have a realistic &amp; cutting edge take along with various dramatic elements unlike the usual commercial cinema.\" And the first-look poster depicts the proverbial three monkeys. And here are the publicists' two paise on the poster: \"The poster which shows the iconic Gandhiji ke teen bandar depicts the reality of our society where people refuse to see, hear and speak about the wrong happenings and remain silent about it!\"Though Cineswami is loath to use hackneyed terms like hackneyed and need of the hours, the need of the hour is to have Freedom from the hackneyed cinema (for want of a better term) of Vivek Agnihotri.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16704178", "title": "SP 'assaulted' for not giving way", "text": "HYDERABAD: A superintendent of police with the Crime Investigation Department (CID) was allegedly assaulted by two employees of HSBC near Jubilee Hills checkpost on Friday night.Parthasarth Reddy and Veer Kumar, who are with the IT department of HSBC, were arrested and remanded in judicial custody for assaulting CID SP M Srinivasulu on Friday night. At around 10.30 pm, CID SP M Srinivasulu along with his family was heading towards Jubilee Hills checkpost from Indo-American Cancer Hospital in his official car and was waiting for traffic clearance at KBR Park junction.\"A Swift, which was behind my car, was continuously honking. They were asking me to give way so that they could jump the signal and go. I asked them to wait until the signal clearance is given, but they started abusing me,\" Srinivasulu said. Meanwhile, the signal turned green and the officer started his vehicle and headed toward Jubilee Hills checkpost.\"They chased my car and started abusing me. Eventually, I had to stop my car as they obstructed my way by parking their Swift in the middle of the road,\" the officer said. Parthasarth and Veer disembarked from their vehicle and got into a heated argument with the SP. \"I told them that I am a police officer and asked them to behave. However, they held my collar, tore my shirt and assaulted me\", the officer claimed.Srinivas said he immediately alerted the Jubilee Hills police to intercept the Swift by passing on its registration number. The police said they were yet to ascertain what led to the scuffle between the officer and the HSBC employees. The duo was arrested under section 354 (assault) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16705169", "title": "\u2018Legal system must respect a teen\u2019s right to have sex\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Raising the age of consent to sex from 16 to 18 will not protect girls, instead it will increase harassment, said Justice (retired) Prabha Sridevan. She says this will end up taking away the freedom of a teenage girl than empowering her.Talking about how the legal system did not recognise a minor girl's right to live-in or have sex without marriage, Sridevan said the problem was with the legal system and judges who belonged to a patriarchal society. \"Judges often put themselves in the parents' shoes instead of the girls,\" said Sridevan.Sridevan was speaking at the launch of two books \u2014 \"Control and Freedom: Women and The Age of Sexual Decisions\" written by advocate Geeta Ramseshan and \"Judgments on the Right to Choice and Decision-Making In A Relationship\" published by the Association for Advocacy and Legal Initiatives (AALI). Sridevan and retired director general of police Letika Saran said judges often followed society's norms and justified the en-shackling of a woman.The speakers at the book launch talked about problems that arise when parents bring back a girl over 16 years old, who had decided to marry or live with a boy. Is it fair to register a case of kidnap and rape against the boy, they asked?The problem of not accepting a girl's sexuality or her decisions becomes even more prominent when dealing with inter-religious marriages. Recalling a case in UP where a girl eloped with a boy against the wish of her parents, Renu Mishra of AALI said even the police did not want to record the girl's statement, which could have saved the boy's life.However, police officers are not to be blamed completely, argued Letika Saran. They are often bound by the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16705643", "title": "3 of family murdered in Mulayam's constituency", "text": "KANPUR: Three members of a family were hacked to death late on Friday night in Mainpuri, the parliamentary constituency of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . Police said that the killings seemed to be the result of old enmity.This is the second case of multiple murders in the area in the past two days. On Thursday, two persons were killed in a group clash in Saifai, the home town of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . The crime took place barely a kilometre from the venue where Yadav distributed unemployment allowance later in the day. So busy was the local police with the preparation for the chief minister's visit that the cops could reach the crime site three hours after the murders.The three victims in the Mainpuri incident were identified as Om Prakash, 55, his wife Gunja Tewari, 44, and their granddaughter Shalu, 9. According to police, Om Prakash's son managed to escape as soon as the assailants barged into the house in Lakutpur village of Mainpuri district.Bodies of all the victims bore telltale marks of torture. Om Prakash's eyes were gouged out and throat slit open while his wife Gunja had grievous injury marks on her vital body parts including forehead and stomach. Shalu's body was found later at a nearby field with her throat slit-open, police said.According to police, the assailants entered Lakutpur firing indiscriminately to terrorise the villagers. On hearing the sound of gunshots, Om Prakash's son Sudhir escaped. When he came back early Saturday morning, he found his parents and daughter brutally killed. He then went to the local Kisni police station on to inform the police. The bodies have been sent for autopsy, and security has been deployed at the scene of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16706054", "title": "Girl molested in full public view in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a shocking incident which indicated the deteriorating law and order in Uttar Pradesh (UP) under Samajwadi Party (SP) government, a miscreant allegedly tried to tear the clothes of a girl in broad daylight in the state capital when she slapped him in retaliation to regular harassment. Even more shocking is the fact that the police initially refused to register the complaint of the girl. It was only after the girl met the senior superintendent of police (SSP) along with her father, her FIR was registered and the accused boy was arrested.Resident of Khandari Bazaar locality in Kaiserbagh area, the girl was returning home after attending sewing and embroidery classes on Thursday when the accused, Om Kumar intercepted and caught hold of her hand. The girl slapped the boy with the other hand and tried to break free. However, the accused tried to tear her clothes in full public view. In the scuffle, some part of girl's shirt was torn. The girl cried for help but people in the street did not stop or caught the boy. However, a woman came forward and covered the girl with her duppatta. The victim was also escorted to her home by the woman. Later, the girl and her father went to lodge a complaint at Khandari Bazaar police outpost. However, they were shocked when the police allegedly told them to compromise because by lodging a complaint the girl would get undue publicity and would adversely affect her marriage prospect.The girl and her father came back home. However, they decided not to keep quit after such a humiliation. On Friday, they went to the office of SSP R K Chaturvedi and narrated their story. The SSP office called up Kaiserbagh police station and directed officers to lodge the complaint. The Khandari Bazara police outpost comes under Kaiserbagh police station. Girl's father later told reporters that after SSP's intervention, their complaint was registered and police swung into action. The accused was also arrested late on Friday night. After arrest, the boy accepted that he used to follow the girl but denied allegations of trying to tear her clothes. \"I proposed her and simply asked her to reply in yes or no and left,\" he said. However, the victim said that the boy was following and pestering her since long. The girl said that she told the boy several times not to follow her but to no avail.Though the accused was arrested, the incident created ripples in the city. Several women organisations including All India Democratic Women's Association condemned the incident and demanded action against the police officials who initially refused to lodge the complaint of the girl. Significantly, on October 1, IAS officer Shashi Bhushan was arrested by the government railway police (GRP) on charges of trying to molest a woman on Lucknow Mail. The allegations are that the GRP also tried to pressurise the woman to compromise and withdraw her complaint. However, the victim remained firm on her stand forcing the GRP to arrest the officer. Later, on chief minister's order strict sections of the IPC were slapped on the officer. However, the accused was granted bail on October 3. He denied allegations and accused the woman of making a casteist remark against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16705095", "title": "Residents tremble in fear when vehicles go by", "text": "BANGALORE: Whenever a bus zips along the service road, senior citizen CR Gopinath's home vibrates. The scene is no different in 40 residences of Sovereign Park Apartments on KR Road - all triggered by the construction of the Tagore Circle underpass.The underpass, constructed against public opinion, has become a threat to residents living near it. The underpass is actually a thoroughfare for commuters from Basavanagudi to Kanakapura Road. Instead buses use the service road and that triggers tremors in Sovereign Park Apartments alongside the road. Residents blame a former minister who allegedly diverted traffic flow from the road where he lives to the service road.The five-floor apartment was constructed in 1992. \"We have been feeling strong vibrations in the apartment due to heavy vehicular traffic after the underpass was thrown open. The government must take measures immediately to save 40 families here,\" says Gopinath, president of the Sovereign Park Residents' Association.The vibrations are so bad that some residents fear they may cause damage to life and property. The buses coming from Netkallappa Circle and going towards Gandhi Bazaar Main Road used to take the Market Road. \"It's a logical route without turns. But now, they've been diverted to KR Road following requests of some influential persons on Market Road, which has also been made a one-way for their comfort. Buses have to take four sharp turns in a busy area. We appeal to you to restore bus movement on Market Road,\" senior citizens living on this stretch complained to traffic police.MA Saleem, additional commissioner, B-TRAC, told TOI: \"I was not aware of this problem; we'll see what best can be done. There was a similar problem in Madiwala and we diverted traffic there. If something similar can be done, we'll do it.\"Residents also complained to the BBMP commissioner on August 31. But there has been no action yet. \"I wasn't aware of the complaint. I'll look into it,\" said BT Ramesh, engineer-in-chief, BBMP. He refused to comment on the alleged poor construction quality of the underpass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16705875", "title": "Dharmanandan Diamonds gets trophy for 5th year", "text": "SURAT: Dharmanandan Diamonds Private Limited, a leading city-based DTC sightholder company, has bagged the prestigious 'Niryat Shree Gold Trophy' for the fifth consecutive year for showcasing highest growth in Indian diamond industry for 2009-10. The award and the gold trophy were given away by President Pranab Mukherjee to the chairman of Dharmanandan Diamonds Laljibhai Patel and director Dayalbhai Goti at a ceremony organized by the Federation of Indian Export Organization on Friday in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704375", "title": "I-League: Foreign firepower could sway Mumbai FC fortunes", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai FC always start the I-League season with promise but take the route to chaos before they even know it and the journey ends in a desperate attempt to stay afloat more often than not.Just like the seasons before, coach Khalid Jamil has a relatively young side with a few seasoned campaigners thrown in and he would really hope his combinations don't fail him.Departures have been plenty and Jamil has had to revamp 70% of the squad.\"We tried out a lot of youngsters at the Federation Cup and I was pleased with their performance. The last season was a tough one and there is a lot of expectation to change things this time around.We have to finish way better than a 11th position and everyone on the squad is determined. We need to start well and more importantly, build on those results,\" said Jamil.The coach also feels playing at the Cooperage will have a big say in the way his team finish the season. \"It's purely about the comfort level and support we get at the Cooperage. The travel from the last two seasons did take a toll on us,\" said Jamil.The club has retained Abhishek Yadav but hasn't really been able to get any other big name on board. Mumbai FC does have interesting youngsters who will definitely be worth a watch.The foreigners section is a key area that could swing Mumbai FC's fortunes for the better. Former club midfielder Evans Quao has agreed to a second stint, striker ND Opara who had a fantastic season with Churchill Brothers joins Jamil and the experienced Yusif Yakubu could be on his way, making it a formidable set.The club has been successful in retaining the versatile Amiri Islam to fill the Asian spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16706240", "title": "Punjab seeks Rs 5,000 crore for crop diversification", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government on Saturday demanded Rs 5,000 crore in the 12th Five year Plan for crop diversification in the state and asked the Centre to prepare a roadmap to bring the state out of wheat-paddy cultivation.\"There is need to immediately launch a technology mission for diversification of agriculture in green revolution areas with an allocation of Rs 5,000 crore for 12th Five Year Plan period, on the pattern of the mission for bringing green revolution to eastern India\", chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said at a meeting with a central team, led by Union agriculture secretary, Ashish Bahuguna, on crop diversification.He also urged Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar to depute a high-level central team for chalking out an action programme on crop diversification in Punjab. The CM also asked him to immediately constitute a joint committee, comprising senior officers of Central and state governments, to prepare a roadmap for diversification of agriculture in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16706311", "title": "State asks Centre to grant full SEZ status", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has written to the Union finance ministry to expedite SmartCity's SEZ status as the board of approval is yet to give its consent.Due to this delay, Tecom, the promoter of SmartCity, is unable to go ahead with the project master plan.Sources said the ministry's objection has resulted in this delay and since the state cannot delay this project further, the government had sent a letter asking the Union finance ministry to grant a single SEZ status for the entire SmartCity land immediately.The board of approval had given SEZ status to 136 acres out of the total 246 acres.The remaining part was denied SEZ status as the land is bifurcated by river Kadambrayar.Recently, the Centre had agreed to waive the norm that the SEZ status can't be given for the land bifurcated by natural boundaries like rivers after the state submitted a request. Then the Union finance ministry opposed the move.Meanwhile, building constructions are expected to begin by November. Tecom had already sought a sanction from the state for starting construction work even before getting the SEZ status. The first IT building will be built on the 136 acres that got SEZ status. Once full SEZ status is granted, work will begin according to the master plan. As per the plan, equal parts of land have been set apart for processing and non-processing zones. More buildings will be in the non-processing land where social infrastructure like schools, hospitals, restaurants and shopping malls would be built.Kochi: In the wake continued delay on the part of SEZ board of approval for granting SEZ status for the entire SmartCity land in Kochi, the state government has written to the Union Finance ministry demanding it to expedite the process. Due to delay in getting the SEZ status, TECOM, the promoters of SmartCity, Kochi is unable to bring out the master plan of the project.According to sources with the state government, it can't afford to any more delay for starting the prestigious project. So, the state government has send detail letter to the Union Finance ministry asking it to clear the way for single SEZ status for the entire SmartCity land. a It is the objection from the Union Finance ministry that stand in the way of getting SEZ status for the entire land earmarked for the project. The SEZ board of approval had given SEZ status to 136 acres of land. Of the total 246 acres, the remaining land was not given SEZ status as the land is bifurcated by river Kadambrayar running through the project land. Recently, the Union Government had agreed to the call by the state government to waive the norm that the SEZ status can't be given for the land bifurcated by natural boundaries like rivers. But the Union Finance ministry threw a spanner in the wheel of the project by opposing the move by the Government to grant single SEZ status for the entire 246 acres of land earmarked for the project.Meanwhile, construction of the first IT building is expected to be started by November. The TECOM had sought sanction from the state government for starting the construction of the first IT building even before getting the SEZ status for the entire land. It is in the 136 acres for which SEZ status has already been given that first IT building will be coming up. Prior to the construction of the land, developing of the land has been completed.Once the SEZ is granted for the entire land, master plan of the land will be released immediately. It is learnt that the master plan sets apart equal land for processing and non-processing zones. More buildings will be in the non-processing land where social infrastructure like schools, hospitals, restaurants and shopping malls would be arranged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16708215", "title": "Shahrukh Khan praises Rajamouli\u2019s Makkhi", "text": "It's raining praises for Rajamouli's Makkhi (Eega) as Bollywood looks forward to the release of the film on October 12. Makkhi was recently screened for a select few and Bollywood's Baadshah Shahrukh Khan was quick to commend Rajamouli's film after watching it. He tweeted, \"Makkhi (eega) the fly. Awesomely original &amp; fun film by Rajamouli releasing on 12th oct. must watch with kids.all the best raja&team;\" (sic). What's more, the Shahrukh Khan's tweet was later retweeted by more than 400 people on the micro blogging site.Thrilled with SRK's accolades, Rajamouli was courteous enough to thank the super star replying \"thank you @iamsrk the king khan. Offering your help for a complete stranger like me and tweeting about #makkhi shows ur greatness. honoured! felt very happy when shahrukh told me his son wanted to see #makkhi badly and they are going watch it together.\" (sic).The director also evinced interest in making a straight Hindi film and Makkhi could just well be an ideal start to his Bollywood career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16709100", "title": "Culinary secrets of Hyderabad's 7th Nizam", "text": "The niece of the 7th Nizam of Hyderabad is sharing her family's culinary secrets, and everyone is invited.Past a heavy wooden door flanked by trellised walls, through an arched passage that runs under a ceiling embellished with intricate patterns, moonlight sneaks in through metal bars in windows on one side of the gallery to gently light up art that adorns a parallel wall. Even more beautiful is the gentle tinkle of laughter trickling from a room at the far end.Inside, giggling children stand around a stern ancestor as she taps an attendant with the tip of her cane, diamond bangles jingling with each movement of the bony wrist. With the end of a rope tied to his big toe, the attendant who was to fan the dining family has dozed off, and although his programmed foot successfully operates the colonial ceiling fan, his snores are unacceptable.This memory is one of several from Kunwar Rani Kulsum Begum's past, one that was dominated by her grandmother Buggo Begum, the force behind Reza Yar Jung Haveli in Darushafa in Hyderabad. Neither Kulsum, niece of Nawab Mir Yousuf Ali Khan Salar Jung III (former prime minister of the seventh Nizam of Hyderabad), nor her sister were allowed into the kitchen. The family's culinary secrets would only be passed down to the dulhan ranis \u2014 women who married into their family \u2014 not those who'd secede to another.Kulsum Begum is a shade more generous with sharing secrets, though. The food consultant with ITC hotels has opened up a treasure of royal Hyderabadi recipes for a special menu that's being served at the hotel's Parel property until today.\"The recipes I've shared are my nani's (maternal grandmother). My dadi was tight-lipped, although I did manage to eek them out of my sister-in-law,\" she smiles.It was the same with every royal family, says Begum. \"Guests would compare preparations at parties, each one trying to outdo the other. Keeping secrets fuelled healthy competition between the ladies.\"In fact, Begum reveals, young girls weren't taught cooking. It was assumed they'd have khansamas. \"Even when we travelled, our kitchen staff would accompany us, preparing a spread of safari food \u2014 pathar ke kebab prepared on heated, unpolished granite,\" she says. A girl was meant to cook, keeping her husband's preferences in mind. \"She may as well learn that at her sasural then.\"Married at 16 into a Lucknow family, Begum wrote copious letters to her nani, moping about missing her food, eventually convincing her to share recipe through detailed letters. \"Lucknowi food is sweeter,\" she explains with a warm smile, \"while in Hyderabad, we like khattan \u2014 tartness \u2014 in our food.\" The ghosht ka shikampur that's available on the menu she has designed, supports her observation. A layer of curd and chutney are ensconced in the aromatic, melt-in-the-mouth meat patty that dwarfs American portions.\"You youngsters don't eat enough nowadays,\" she says, reminded of how her family pampered her when she lost weight around her teens. \"They insisted that I do nothing but sleep and eat, and my mother brought me food in bed.\"Back then, Begum recalls, people assumed that a young girl was thin only because she was ill. Or that the family had met a misfortune. And so, food was rich. \"Dry phulkas only made it to the dastarkhan (dining place) when a family member was unwell.\"Naturally, a job, even as a five-star food consultant, was never on the cards. The first time Begum cooked, she put salt in the kheer and made five kilos of biryani for four guests. But her husband was supportive, and with 300 recipes now perfected over decades, she has no qualms inviting the whole city to test her culinary skills.Kachche Gosht Ki BiriyaniIngredients Mutton (a mix of chops, marrow bones and cubes from the shoulder) - 1 kg Rice - 500 gms Inions finely sliced - 200 gms Ginger paste - 10 tbsp Garlic paste - 6.5 tbsp Red chilli powder - 3.5 tbsp Chopped coriander - 6.5 tbsp Chopped fresh green mint - 5 tbsp Yoghurt - 10 tbsp Lemon juice - 1.5 tbsp Milk - 3.5 tbsp Pinch of saffron Oil - 7 tbsp Ghee - 7 tbsp Green chillies - 4 Cardamom - 4 Cloves - 2 Cinnamon stick - 4 Caraway seeds - 3 tsp Peppercorn - 2 tsp Nutmeg - 1/2 tsp Few flakes of mace Salt to tasteMethod - Grind the chillies, cardamom, clove, cinnamon stick, caraway seeds, peppercorn, nutmeg and mace to a fine powder. Heat oil in a pan. Fry onions till golden brown. Crush in a pestle mortar when cool. Marinate the meat in ginger and garlic paste. Add yoghurt, salt, red chilli powder, coriander, mint, green chillies, ground spices, lemon juice, crushed onions and the oil in which the onions were fried. Mix well and marinate for about four hours.- Wash the rice and mix with a cup of well-beaten yoghurt. Add saffron and half cup milk. Set aside.- Take a heavy bottom pan with a tight lid. Transfer the marinated meat with the marinade to the pan. Spread the rice over the meat. Sprinkle the saffron milk over the rice. Dot it with a dollop of ghee. Cover and cook, first over high flame, then over medium-low heat till the meat is tender, the liquids are absorbed and the rice is cooked.- Scoop out portions carefully so that the layering remains intact, and serve steaming hot.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704171", "title": "Traffic curbs for half marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected in the New Delhi area on Sunday due to a half marathon which will start from and finish at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Traffic restrictions will apply from 6am and go on till the end of the event around 9.30am, said police.The half marathon, being organized by the Indo-Tibetan Border Police, is expected to begin at 6.30am, and the route will be through Bhishma Pitamah Marg, Lodhi Road, Mathura Road, Subramaniam Bharti Marg, India Gate, Parliament Street, Rajpath, Janpath and then back to JLN Stadium via the same route.\"All invitees, participants and spectators should reach the stadium before 5.30am. After 6am, restrictions will be imposed on general traffic,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. Commuters are advised to avoid the roads between JLN Stadium and India Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16709259", "title": "Distance Education Council to students: Check the status of distance education provider before applying", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cautioning aspirants desirous of pursuing educational qualifications through open and distance learning (ODL) mode, the Distance Education Council (DEC) has asked students to apply only to those programmes approved by it. It has asked the candidates to check the status of distance education provider before applying.This cautionary note, as per a press statement, came in the wake of the council coming across \"certain universities/ institutions giving misleading advertisements in the newspapers and through other media for admission in programmes through distance mode indicating that they have approval of the DEC for various programmes.\"DEC has advised the aspirants to check the current status of approval/recognition of programmes of universities/ institutions available on the DEC's website - www.dec.ac.in.\"In the absence of DEC approval, qualifications acquired through distance mode shall not be treated recognised for the purpose of employment under the Central Government.\" This was announced by the authorities of DEC, a statutory body of the Indira Gandhi National Open University.Students are also advised not to take admission at any franchised study centre/ contact point. Study centre has to be operated by the university/institution itself within its territorial jurisdiction as per DEC norms only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704496", "title": "Professionals lap up amateur sports", "text": "NEW DELHI: For somebody who loves his sleep, waking up early on a holiday is no easy feat. But every Sunday morning, Akshay Thakur leaps out of bed even before his 7am alarm goes off, wears his tracks, slips on a pair of bright red cleats, and heads out for a day of football. This is hardly unusual among kids, but Thakur is a 28-year-old stockbroker, who spends his day negotiating share prices dressed in a suit and tie.\"I played a lot during school and college, but once work started, getting together enough people and coordinating timings was always a challenge,\" he says. Tired of waiting for others, he joined an amateur football league earlier this year, and has been playing regularly since.Of late, many people have quit their full-time, often lucrative, careers, to set up amateur sports leagues for working professionals. The system is simple - people can sign up for league matches that continue for several weeks, or for shorter tournaments that last a day or two. They organize equipment, play space, and teammates for those who sign up alone - participants just have to show up. Whether it's roughing it out on a football field, smashing a shuttle at indoor badminton courts, or trying to knock the ball outside the park to win a cricket match, adults in Delhi have never seemed to be more active in sports.\"We want people to have the same experience they had while playing in their childhood. It's easy to get bogged down by stress from work or otherwise, and sports are a great outlet,\" says Zeba Zaidi, who started Game On India with her husband Adnan in March.Entrepreneurs who have started similar initiatives not only share a passion for sports, but have also had the opportunity to live overseas. The Zaidis lived in London for a decade and in Dubai for three years; Ajay Gupta, who started Sport365 in January, lived in countries like the US and Brazil for 19 years, while Siddharth Pandey of LEH LEH Sports worked in Sydney for three years. They pursued sports actively abroad but the lack of avenues here compelled them to start their own leagues, they say.Apart from creating a platform for people to come and play, the leagues also allow participants to improve teamwork and develop camaraderie. \"We organize events after the games, so players can interact with like-minded people,\" says Gupta. \"We have designed an online portal to give people access to their teams and sports. There's also a section on players' sporting history, and an option to chat with other members online,\" says Zeba, adding their motto is to \"get fit socially\".In organizing group sports, they've faced challenges that go beyond assembling a team of willing players. Lack of play space, which has been debated endlessly when it comes to kids, is also a major problem for adults who want to sweat it out on the field. \"Locations are few and expensive. We cannot avail ourselves of the pay-and-play scheme either. Good facilities in schools are also difficult to book,\" says Gupta, who faced trouble in booking swimming pools for their water polo and triathlon events. \"With DDA grounds, booking is very sarkaari,\" says Jai Bankoti, head of operations, LEH LEH Sports.Venue hurdles notwithstanding, they've all been able to run leagues or hold tournaments for different sports - scaled formats of football, cricket, basketball, badminton, volleyball - that run back to back. Since men tend to dominate participation in sports, at LEH LEH it's mandatory for each team to have at least one woman player. General participants, however, tend to be working professionals between the ages of 20 and 50, even expats who've had the chance to play outdoor sports back home.\"We had someone travel from Saharanpur to play a league match every week, and two from Jalandhar,\" says Adnan. Gupta says they've had over 900 participants since the league's formation, mostly repeats, while Bankoti adds they have about 100 players at any given day. There's clearly a demand, but it's still a fledgling concept.\"There's still an inertia when it comes to going out and playing. Sport is also not recognized as a part of fitness, so people focus more on gyms,\" says Gupta. \"There's a problem in the mindset, which is why we have six not 60 medals. Firms encourage their official teams of 15 employees, while the others who don't make it have no avenues. They don't realize that sports can help employees at the workplace,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16704540", "title": "Inquiry into lapses during mock drill", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police have launched an inquiry into three lapses reported during the two-day Sagar Kavach mock drill exercise by various security agencies in the city to check preparedness. Security officials reportedly failed to prevent a mock breach at gate no. 2 of the Gateway of India.The mock terrorist team also hijacked a private yacht berthed off the Gateway and set sail towards the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust, one of the city's most vital installations. Another breach was along the iconic Marine Drive. There was also a scare at the Tarapur Atomic Power Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710595", "title": "'Talaash' is not based on Aarushi murder case: Farhan Akhtar", "text": "Actor and filmmaker Farhan Akhtar is upset with the reports about Talaash being inspired by Aarushi murder case. The actor refutes all such stories and claims them to be baseless and untrue.\"Disturbed to hear fake news about Talaash being inspired by Aarushi case. It is NOT. And the story alleging it, is in really bad taste,\" tweets Farhan.It was reported that story of the movie starring Aamir Khan is roughly based on the famous Aarushi murder case. There were also stories that the makers profoundly went through all the events and investigations related to the case.Talaash , starring Aamir Khan, Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor in pivotal roles, is jointly produced by Farhan Akhtar's Excel Entertainment and Aamir Khan Productions, owned by Aamir Khan and is all set to hit the theaters on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704297", "title": "Sarafa jeweller shot dead in shop, assistant hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another example of jewellers being targeted by criminals, armed men barged into a shop at Khankhoje Nagar on Manewada Road and opened fire from a .22 pistol, killing the owner and injuring his assistant. Though police initially termed it as a robbery bid, nothing was burgled from the store. No CCTV camera was installed in the shop.Sarafa trader Vijay Thaokar (42), a resident of Ganjipeth, suffered two fatal gunshot wounds, one on the chest and the other on the head, while he was trying to fight back the robbers. Thaokar was the younger brother of Raman Thaokar, general secretary of NCP's city unit and also a jewellery shop owner at Sitabuldi. The jeweller's helper Prasad Khedkar was injured in the incident.He was immediately rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). By evening, doctors declared him out of danger.This is the third major incident of armed robbery against jewellers in this year alone. In January Pravin Junghare was shot at three times in Nandanvan police station area. In April, another jeweller was looted at gunpoint at Narsala. Businessman Sharad Jain was also shot at in January at Pardi Naka.Police officials said that around 1.15pm on Saturday, four men arrived at Thaokar's shop in a white car. Two of them went to the shop on the first floor of the building, Shriram Bhavan. The third one was guarding the corridor while the fourth one was waiting in the car. Thaokar and Khedkar were busy with their routine work when the two entered the shop and started threatening Khedkar, who was near the door.Raman told TOI that the assailants asked Khedkar and Thaokar to hand over all valuables and cash. \"Khedkar said that as soon as he resisted, they hit him with a rod. As Vijay tried to stop them, they hit him too and put a gun to his head,\" said Raman.Khedkar told police that while he was trying to fend off one of the criminals, he was stabbed on the head and on one hand while the second criminal fired at Thaokar. The loud exchange alerted a senior citizen who owns a shop on the ground floor. He rushed to help but was threatened by the third criminal in the corridor. The other shops in the building are vacant.As the three assailants fled, the elderly person, who refused to be named, chased them but could only note down the car's registration number MH-31 H-2081.Hearing the firing, passers-by and nearby shop owners rushed to the spot but the assailants had already managed to flee. On being informed, cops from Hudkeshwar police station rushed Thaokar to GMCH but he was declared brought dead.Investigations show that the robbers opened fire from close range. Police have seized two empty casings from inside the shop and one live bullet from the corridor. A cell phone belonging to the criminals was also found in the corridor. A chappal was spotted on the ground floor, just under the shop, although it is not clear whether it belonged to the assailants.Police said the SIM card of the phone belongs to a woman named Nanda Kurabai of Gurugovind Nagar in Jalna. Sources said that a few days ago, Thaokar had an argument with some youths at the shop.\"It seems that they fired two rounds while the third one mistakenly fell down,\" said city police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay. He added that the men had used a car stolen from Somalwada on Friday midnight. \"The owner had lodged a complaint on Saturday morning at Sonegaon police station,\" he said.Khedkar told police that he heard only two firing sounds. He said that the person who stabbed him was between 30 and 35 years of age and was wearing a black turban, although he was clean shaven.As news of the killing spread, jewellers shut their shops and came at the crime scene. They blamed police for the rising crime in the city.Raman Thaokar, along with the Sarafa association, demanded immediate arrest of the assailants.\"We are probing whether it was a planned murder or a failed robbery bid. The criminals didn't touch any valuables or cash in the shop,\" Dhanvijay said. Claiming that the incident was a robbery bid, Raman said that the thieves were forced to flee without valuables as people gathered immediately after the shooting.Urging jewellers to install CCTV at their shops Dhanvijay said that had CCTVs been installed in Thaokar's shop, it would have helped the cops identify the assailtants.According to the association, jewellery shops are in dire need of special security as they are more vulnerable to burglary and attacks in the wake of rising price of gold. \"Such incidents are happening every few days in the city while cops are clueless about the culprits. At least this time, police should immediately nab the culprits,\" said a jeweler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16704164", "title": "\u2018Stiff laws needed to check stalking\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has called for stronger laws to check stalking, saying lack of stringent provisions have left both police and courts grappling with the problem.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau highlighted the menace of stalking and its dangerous implications while sentencing a youth to two years in jail for molesting his 'ex-girlfriend'. The court also asked the jail authorities to provide him with psychiatric help. It directed the superintendent of jail to take immediate steps to ensure that \"the convict is provided the necessary medical / psychiatric help (preferably from a specialized institution, ie Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences for his stalking behaviour).\"\"Indian society too is struggling with ways and means to deal with this crime, particularly directed towards young women, but stalking unfortunately appears to have escaped the attention of the Indian policy makers and legislators,\" ASJ Lau said, emphasizing the need to enact better laws which take care of both the victim as well as the perpetrator and empower the courts to intervene in time for preventing greater harm to the victim.\"Needless to say, a stalker cannot be permitted to roam freely on the pretext of his suffering from a personality disorder for the reason that his activities can be dangerous to the life of another,\" the court added. The court was hearing a case in which Delhi-based Mukesh, 22, was found guilty of molesting a girl, stalking her and making crank calls.On one hand, stalking reflects a personality disorder of the perpetrator, and on the other, it tends to put the victim and his/her family at a high mental and physical risk, the court added. Police said Mukesh barged into the house of the girl, who was known to him, and injured her by tying her with wires, after which the girl's family lodged a complaint with police. The family had earlier filed two complaints with similar allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16704817", "title": "Two auto drivers held for beating up Amity student", "text": "NOIDA: Two people were arrested on Saturday after they allegedly roughed up an Amity University student in a road rage incident. The student was returning home after his classes around 4pm on Friday when his car scraped past an autorickshaw on the stretch between Amity University in sector 125 and Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.\"An altercation broke out and a few auto drivers gathered and beat up the student,\" said G P Yadav, SHO of Sector 39 police station. The auto drivers were booked after an FIR was lodged by the student's family. \"Two drivers, Vikrant Verma and Amrit Pal Singh, have been arrested,\" said Yadav.This stretch has become a problem area for traffic cops with a case of hit and run as well as a drunk driving case being reported in the past 15 days.On September 25, a drunk driver had crashed into five cars parked outside a software engineering company in Sector 125. Two days later, a 21-year-old security guard was allegedly killed by a BMW in a hit-and-run case. This accident, too, had occurred in the vicinity of Noida-Greater Noida Expressway near sectors 125 and 126.Senior traffic cops say while the city's roads provide more space to vehicles, they are also more to prone to accidents as commuters tend to drive rashly. \"We are constantly trying to educate road users about traffic rules and the need to drive cautiously,\" said traffic inspector Dharmender Singh.The cops added that an intensive traffic drive would soon be launched to create awareness about the importance of obeying road signs and traffic rules. \"We fine almost 150 people daily for different traffic violations. The stretch between sectors 125 and 93 as well as that touching the T-point of Sector 125 and the expressway are risky because of high traffic volume. We have been keeping a special vigil in the area,\" Singh said.\"A PCR van is also stationed in the vicinity for a quick response to an emergency. In future too, we will strengthen our patrolling in the area to prevent such incidents,\" Singh added.\"We fine almost 150 people daily for different traffic violations. The stretch between sectors 125 and 93 as well as that touching the T-point of Sector 125 and the expressway are risky because of high traffic volume,\" said a traffic cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16704626", "title": "No headway in bank heist, help sought from Jaipur, Jodhpur officials", "text": "JAISALMER: The Jaisalmer police is still clueless in the Rs 83 lakh heist at SBI bank, though a week has passed. Over 1,000 people have been questioned but no concrete clues have been found. Now, expert cops and jawans from Jaipur and Jodhpur have been called to Jaisalmer. The officials, who reached here on Saturday, have inspected the spot and submitted the report to senior officers.On the other hand, Barmer SP Rahul Barhat on Friday visited SBI, SBBJ, PNB, etc., banks and directed them to install night vision cameras.\"Around two dozen people are still being enquired. Police have got two-three leads on which we are working. We are taking help of expert police officers in connecting the evidences from the spot and investigations,\" Jaisalmer SP Mamta Vishnoi said.Barhat has directed banks in the entire district to check their security system. He visited around a dozen banks and inspected appointment of security guards, availability of CCTVs at ATMs and security of strong room. He also told them to install night vision cameras and a hotline from bank to police station.Balotra circle inspector and station officer also visited SBBJ and other banks at Balotra and inspected the security arrangements and apprised the bank management about the shortcomings.A few days ago, Rs 20 lakh had been stolen from a locker of treasury office in collectorate, the case is still unsolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16705679", "title": "Highway project: Locals up rehab ante", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Karamana-Kaliyikkavila National Highway development project has come up against a roadblock, with those who will be affected by it raising various demands. Bhoomi Parppida Samrakshana Samithi, an organization of those who would lose their land or houses to the project, has asked the government to come out with a clear and humane compensation-rehabilitation package for evictees.\"We are not against road development but we don't wish to walk into a legal trap set by the government. Despite all tall talks about a comprehensive and specific rehabilitation package, the eviction notice served recently does not put forward any acceptable package,\" samithi convenor Benny said.He said the eviction notices proclaim that the government plan was to acquire land and other properties as per the 'Ponnum Vila Act 1894'. \"It is even silent on a rehabilitation programme announced by the state government in November last. Since even this package is insufficient to address the concerns of evictees, the move to go ahead with land acquisition without any clear assurance could not be accepted. The compensation and rehabilitation package should be announced at the earliest and the eviction process should start only after the package is implemented in advance. Any other move would be resisted.\"Unless the government announces a specific compensation and rehabilitation package for traders and workers, the land acquisition process would trigger more social issues, Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi district vice-president Vattiyoorkavu Chandrasekharan said.The BJP on Friday took out a highway march from Parassala to Karamana, demanding speedy development of the NH stretch in a time-bound manner. Party state president V Muraleedharan, who flagged off the march, said the government was soft-pedalling on the project. No junction alignment designs have been completed while a nodal officer and additional survey team, as announced by a high-level meeting chaired by chief minister Oommen Chandy , remain a promise, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16704413", "title": "Cheating case against junior artiste", "text": "A junior artiste lodged a complaint against another artiste for cheating, in Jeedimetla on Saturday. Police said a case was registered against Sunil based on Malika's claim that he had promised to marry her but is refusing to do so. \"Malika, a divorcee, claims that she has been living with Sunil in Jeedimetla for the past three months\", they said. Sunil has not been arrested yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16705623", "title": "'State yet to enforce RTE amendments for disabled'", "text": "PUNE: Right to Education (RTE) activists in the city have claimed that the amendments made in the RTE Act for children with disabilities in April this year have still not been enforced by the state government. Activists have written to the state education department urging the authorities to include the amendments in RTE rules that are being implemented in the state. One of the major amendments in the Act states that disabilities, such as autism , cerebral palsy , and mentally-challenged students should also be included in the framework of the RTE.City-based organisations such as Action for the Rights of the Child (ARC), a network of 30 non-governmental organisations in the city working for child rights, Centre for Learning Resources (CLR), and Abled Disabled All People Together (ADAPT) have urged that the state governmentadopt the amendments made in the act so that children with disabilities benefit from the concession given to them.John Kurrien, director emeritus, CLR, said, \"The amended RTE Act incorporates a broader and more holistic view of the rights of children with disabilities, and has far-reaching implications for policy, curriculum and classroom pedagogy. We need to ensure that as more and more disabled children enter into government and private schools, they receive the education they are entitled to.\"The activists in their letter pointed out that a limited perspective on children with disabilities is reflected in the present RTE rules implemented by the state.The Rajya Sabha passed the amended RTE Act on April 24 this year while the 'Right to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) Bill, 2012' was passed by the Lok Sabha a month later. \"The RTE rules that are being implemented by the state government were issued before the new amendment came into force. Hence, new notifications need to be issued by the state government, which would enable them to implement a broader and more inclusive perspective on children with disability,\" Kurrien said.Nakul Kate, coordinator of ARC, said, \"The amended Act broadens the definition of disability. In the original Act, the definition of disability does not go beyond physical disabilities. It now includes The definition of disability is now broadened to also include autism, cerebral palsy, mentally-challenged children, among others.\"Kate added: \"It is important that the state government takes notice of this and enforce the rules so that schools and institutions in the state are aware of the specific disabilities that are now covered in the amended RTE act.\"The amended RTE Act constitutes under Section 3, a new sub-section which explicitly refers to the right of children with disabilities to free and compulsory elementary education in a neighbourhood school. It also notes that children with multiple disabilities may also opt for home-based education. The amendments alsoexplicitly note that a child with disability is a 'child belonging to disadvantaged group', along with SC, ST and other groups.Mithu Alur, founder chairperson, ADAPT, said, \"Both these rights and their implications need to be communicated to the concerned through a government notification. Awareness campaigns among schools and principals need to be conducted by the regional offices of the education department so that children with disability get their due. The state government is being very lethargic in implementing these amended rules.\"S Deshmukh, state project director, RTE, said, \"We are implementing RTE in phases across the state. There are several changes to be made in the education system under the RTE and all cannot be implemented all at once. Implementation of RTE rules for children with disabilities is also on the cards and will come forth in due course of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16704921", "title": "GMCH dean told to hold talks with striking doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: All 300 resident doctors of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) resigned from their posts in Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (Mard) in an unsuccessful attempt to force the college dean to hold talks with all the resident doctors instead of just Mard officials. The attempt however helped in increasing unity among resident doctors. They have decided to continue with the strike. The dean, however, has issued a warning to the striking doctors asking them to end their strike within 48 hours or face action.Meanwhile, the DMER director Praveen Shingare has directed GMCH dean to hold a meeting with all the striking resident doctors today and solve the issue at the earliest.Dr P Shinde, Mard president, said that the strike would continue at least till Sunday. Central Mard representatives met the DMER director and highlighted their grievances. The director then ordered the college dean to withdraw his directive asking doctors to vacate the hostel if they don't end their strike within 48 hours. \"We expect some positive solution tomorrow and hope to end the strike,\" he said.Resident doctors at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) too continued strike on the second day in support of the GMCH doctors despite being warned by the college dean. The deans of the two colleges meanwhile claimed that the strike has not affected services so far.GMCH dean, Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that it was unfair on the part of the resident doctors to not end their strike even after their basic demand, on deployment of security guards, was fulfilled. \"The administration has fulfilled their basic demand. We have also sent a proposal on the appointment of 150 more security guards to the directorate of medical education and research. They cannot link other issues and hold the administration to ransom,\" he said.Dr Powar also refused to meet all the resident doctors who insisted that the dean should address them directly instead of meeting the Mard representatives. \"It's true that they have resigned as office bearers of Mard and there is no association now. But I see no reason in talking to all of them,\" he said.IGGMC dean, Dr Prakash Wakode said that the college has sought the help of resident doctors from the public health department. \"The hospital services have not been affected as yet. There were 896 patients in the OPD and 17 surgeries were performed,\" he told. GMCH medical superintendent, Dr Arun Humne too confirmed that the services remain unaffected.Meanwhile the Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Kalyan Parishad gave a notice to the GMCH dean to ask the residents to withdraw the strike within 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16710134", "title": "Kim Kardashian wants small island wedding with beau Kanye West", "text": "Kim Kardashian, who is still not divorced from basketball player Kris Humphries , has revealed that her next wedding will be nothing like her last lavish affair and will be much more intimate.The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star wants to marry Kanye West in a small ceremony on a private island.\"It had always been my dream to have a big wedding, and when people said I'd made it over the top for the show, that was just me: I am over the top,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying British magazine Tatler.\"But the next time, I want to do it on an island with just my friends and family and that's it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16705286", "title": "Can handle all negativity, says Robert Vadra as Chidambaram bats for him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Robert Vadra broke his silence on Saturday to assert that he would ride out the storm unleashed by anti-corruption activists' allegation that the realty giant DLF helped him amass assets worth Rs 500 crore.As the storm whirled around him, Vadra reassured his well-wishers on Facebook: \"Thanks for the concern, I can handle all the negativity. I have lost people I loved...what can be worse than that.\"The apparently stoic response was the first from Gandhi family's son-in-law since Friday when anti-corruption activists Prashant Bhushan and Arvind Kejriwal accused him of acquiring properties currently valued at Rs 500 crore from DLF. The activists alleged that the favours were part of an arrangement where the realtor received concessions from Congress-run governments in Haryana, Rajasthan and Delhi.The slugfest between Congress and its rivals on the issue continued on Saturday with finance minister P Chidambaram dismissing the demand for an inquiry into Vadra. On Saturday, the Left supported the demand for investigation into Vadra-DLF transactions, while Trinamool Congress said that Congress owed an explanation to the people.Chidambaram said that transactions between two private individuals can't be questioned on the basis of \"implied act of corruption\". \"I am not aware of the rightness or wrongness of the allegations...transactions between two private individuals can't be questioned on the basis of certain imputed or implied act of corruption.\"Saying that transactions in question had been disclosed to income tax authorities, he added, \"and nobody has alleged any quid pro quo or any corrupt motive, beyond that I cannot say anything.\"Congress spokesman Manish Tewari, also came to Vadra's assistance, saying that activists were working at BJP's instance. He dubbed the allegations a \"concert between BJP and its B-team headed by Kejriwal\", going on to say that in case civil society group targets a BJP leader in future it could be only to create the perception of even-handedness.\"It is important to understand BJP is not a cohesive unit but a faction-ridden politics. The day it happens, you will be able to conclusively determine which faction of BJP is the B-team affiliated to,\" he said.Kejriwal stuck to his demand for an inquiry into Vadra's wealth, stressing that while Congress and government had imputed motives to him, they were silent on the merits of their case against Gandhi family's son-in-law.Tiwari dismissed the demand for probe into Kejriwal's charges. \"Inquiry into what? If two entities have a business agreement and all details are given statutory bodies, what is the allegation? This is despicable,\" he said.RJD chief Lalu Prasad batted strongly for Vadra saying that it was DLF's prerogative to decide the terms of its dealings with him, or for that matter, with anyone else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-07"}
