{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11514873", "title": "Age row: Army chief VK Singh takes govt to court, Cong downplays move", "text": "New Delhi: In an unprecedented move, Army Chief Gen V K Singh today moved the Supreme Court against the government's rejection of his claim on his date of birth.In writ petition, he is believed to have questioned the government's decision to treat his date of birth as May 10,1950 instead of May 10,1951 as claimed by him on the basis of his matriculation certificate and other documents.This is the first time that any Service chief has dragged the government to the court of law.The petition has been filed and senior advocate U U Lalit will represent Gen Singh before the apex court.Interestingly, at a press conference on Friday last, the Army Chief had kept his options open on the issue without disclosing the strategy.Asked if he was contemplating resignation, he had said, \"Please leave it to my judgement what do I want to do. It is an issue that concerns me. Let me decide on some action after I get time to think about myself.\"Queried if he was not ruling out resignation, he said \"let me find time time to think about myself.\"Gen Singh, who took over as the Army Chief on March 31, 2010, has been maintaining that the issue related to his \"integrity and honour\".He had said that he tackled the issue in \"organisational interest\".A para-commando and veteran of 1971 Indo-Pak war succeeded Gen Deepak Kapoor.Antony, while rejecting Gen Singh's statutory representation, had sent a letter to him expressing full confidence in his leadership.Home Minister P Chidambaram, a member of the Appointments Committee of Cabinet, last week told a press conference that the age issue of Gen Singh had been dealt with \"fairly and justly\".\"We hold the Army Chief in great respect. He is a fine soldier. He has done remarkable service to the country. We are unhappy that the controversy should have erupted but I am hopeful that that controversy will be resolved,\" Chidambaram had said.Congress reactionCongress today downplayed Army Chief Gen V K Singh's action to move the Supreme Court against the government rejecting his claim on his date of birth.\"It is a matter between the person who has gone to the court and the court,\" party spokesman Abhishek Singhvi told reporters who sought his reaction to the unprecedented development. In his writ petition, Gen Singh is believed to have questioned the government's decision to treat his date of birth as May 10,1950 instead of May 10,1951 as claimed by him on the basis of his matriculation certificate and other documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504453", "title": "We read books but don't buy them", "text": "Kolkata has always loved to flaunt a sense of ownership when it comes to anything to do with books. Intellectual exchanges over umpteen cups of tea and brainstorming over who should or shouldn't have written which line can make for many stimulating conversations. But, when it comes to actually buying English language books, publishers claim that Kolkata is lagging far behind the other metros.In fact, the whole of eastern India is supposed to be a very small market when publishers look at national sales figures. Kolkata loves books, talks books, but doesn't buy enough. That's the irony that most publishers and even authors have had to come to terms with today.Says Saugata Mukherjee, publisher, Pan Macmillan: \"Kolkata, or rather the east, would account for barely 7 to 10% of the national sale of English language books. That's quite a dismal figure but one has to accept that Kolkata is the smallest market for us. It's the smallest market by a long margin. That is also one of the reasons why I haven't been in the city for the past 15 years till I went to Kolkata last week for the launch of Kunal Basu's 'The Yellow Emperor's Cure'. The unflattering figures of the sale of English language books are also the reason why most publishers don't even want to have very elaborate launches in Kolkata unless, of course, the author has a city connect.\"Publishers say if they were to make a random survey of the cities that are high on the pecking order in terms of buying books, it would be Delhi, followed by Mumbai, Bangalore and Chennai. Kolkata will figure only after all these cities. Kartika V K, chief editor of Harper Collins, agrees. \"In terms of the market for leisure reading in English, the east doesn't fare as well as what Delhi or Mumbai does. In fact, Pune is a faster growing market in terms of buying English language books. Though I am not based in Kolkata and wouldn't know the psyche of people there, the city, I suppose, loves to buy books that tell stories about its own people.\"Bengali literature sells well here. But when it comes to leisure reading where books are priced above Rs 400, people think twice before buying. In contrast, the easy availability of Bengali literature at much cheaper prices makes Kolkata a big patron in that sector,\" Kartika says.Even Renuka Chatterjee, chief editor, Westland Publishing, shares similar views on this subject. \"Compared to Delhi and Mumbai, Kolkata is a small market. Most urban Indians living in Delhi and Mumbai might speak in Marathi and Hindi but when it comes to reading, the language is by and large English. In contrast, Kolkata's Bengali population takes a lot of pride in their language. I am a Bengali who has lived outside Bengal all my life and can't understand the language. Whenever I meet two Bengalis, I always find them conversing in Bangla without even realizing that I do not understand a word of what they are saying. I am saying this only to explain how much of pride middle-class or upper-middle-class Bengalis take in their own language. That reflects in their buying choices also. When they spend on buying books, they will split the budget between buying Bengali and English fare.\"\"Buying anything is a matter of disposable income,\" says Kolkata-based author Rimi B Chatterjee. \"Since people earn less here, it reflects how much they can buy. Besides, Kolkata is also used to buying Bengali literature which comes quite cheap. English books, in order to maintain a certain standard, is also quite costly. Borrowing books and bookstore reading are preferred low-cost options in this city,\"But could it also be a case of Kolkatans buying more English books online that is eating into the pie of physical sale of books? \"No,\" says Mukherjee, adding, \"That's a myth. Even in terms of online sales, Kolkata is lagging far behind.\"Raju Barman, partner, Rupa &amp; Co., Kolkata, agrees that the sale of English language fiction in Kolkata is less compared to that in other metros. \"However, Chetan Bhagat's latest book had an advance order of 75,000 copies from Kolkata. When it comes to non-fiction pieces, Kolkata is far ahead. Delhi and Mumbai are big markets for us. Kolkata loses out because there are very few outlets for buying books though the sale of books at the Kolkata airport has now gone up,\" Barman says.Author Chetan Bhagat says: \"My sales in eastern India are quite robust, compared to the rest of India and keeping in mind the difference in population as eastern India is less populated than, say, the western zone.\"Ask Maina Bhagat, director, Oxford Bookstore, about the reading and spending habits of Kolkatans and she says: \"The volume of reading is good in Kolkata. People here love to borrow books and go to libraries.Publishers appreciate that and authors acknowledge that Kolkata has an informed readership. But yes, the city is price-sensitive when it comes to buying English language books. However, I feel that the market is improving. It will fast catch up with the rest of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11515573", "title": "MSU's fee hike decision on hold", "text": "VADODARA: MSU has put on hold its decision to hike fees of regular courses offered by the varsity. On Monday, MSU vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh decided to put on hold the decision to hike the fees. It was on Friday that MSU's syndicate members had cleared the proposal to hike the fees of regular courses.While putting on hold the fee hike decision, Singh has also asked the committee to review the proposed fee structure. \"I have asked the committee to go for larger consultation with student representatives,\" Singh, who also met faculty representatives, MSU Students Union general secretary and vice-president among others on Monday, told TOI.The committee will also take into account suggestions made by deans of faculties before preparing a reviewed fee structure.Earlier, the committee under professor Ranjan Sengupta had proposed increasing fees by Rs 2,000 per annum of undergraduate degree and diploma courses. Similarly, for students taking admission in PG degree, diploma and evening programmes should pay Rs 2,650 more per annum and those enrolled in PhD programmes should pay Rs 4,150 per annum. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11503056", "title": "130 Indians rescued from luxury liner in Italy", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 130 Indians were rescued on life boats after a luxury cruise liner ran aground and tipped over off the Tuscan coast in Italy, leaving five dead among whom none were Indian.The 130 Indians are being taken to a safe place and external affairs minister S M Krishna has ordered immediate action in this regard.While five bodies have been recovered, six crew members and 11 passengers are still missing. None of them is Indian.Krishna has instructed Indian Ambassador to Italy Debabatra Saha to reach the accident spot by tomorrow morning to coordinate the rescue operations while two Indian officials have already reached the site.Krishna told his officials that there is no need for any papers, proof or documentation as the safety of the Indians is the first option.The luxury liner, Costa Concordia, was carrying more than 4,200 people, many of whom were having dinner at the restaurant, when it hit a reef or rock near the Tuscan island of Giglio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11504260", "title": "'Baby car seat could have saved toddler'", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The four-month-old boy, Ayush Nimkar, who died in a car crash on Palm Beach Road on Saturday could have been saved if the car he was travelling in had a baby car seat.Deputy commissioner of police (Navi Mumbai, traffic) Vijay Patil said, \"The use of baby car seats is not mandatory in India. In many western countries like the UK and the US, motorists have to compulsorily use baby car seats if they are driving with a child. So often I have seen motorists driving with a child on their laps. If sudden brakes are to be applied, the most vulnerable person, in this scenario, is the child. We, too, must consider making baby car seats a must.\"\"The toddler's father, Vikrant (31), was driving at a high speed. He lost control of his Chevrolet Spark at the Nerul section of the Palm Beach Road and crashed into a tree by the roadside,\" said Patil. Vikrant and his wife sustained injuries in the crash.Senior inspector of Nerul police station Rajkumar Chaphekar told TOI, \"Our investigations have revealed thatAyush was sleeping on the backseat. Prima facie, the crash took place as Vikrant was speeding. No other vehicle was involved in the crash.\" The police have made Vikrant an accused in this case as he was driving.While baby car seats are available in Indian markets for Rs 3,500 to Rs 6,000, there are not many takers at present.Meanwhile, actor Nana Patekar will be the chief guest at the concluding event of the Road Safety Awareness Drive to be held at Belapur on Monday. The event will be held at the Navi Mumbai Police head office at CBD Belapur.In the last fortnight, several students' rallies, eye check-up camps, and other road safety awareness programmes were held in the city in order to reduce accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505481", "title": "Govt banks on 1922 road to declog Khan Market", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has turned to history to find a solution to the problem of parking at Khan Market. A multilevel parking lot will be set up here, which will be connected by a 40-foot wide road that existed in 1922. To this effect, the Land &amp; Development Office has filed an affidavit in high court with details of the 5,400 square metre-spot chosen for the parking lot and how it can be accessed. It has also submitted maps of the existing and proposed plan.The 1922 road used to be an extension of the Amrita Shergill Marg; but it was encroached upon and gradually disappeared over time. \"While studying the L&DO;'s historical plans, I found that there was a road that connected Amrita Shergill Marg to Humayun Road, and which, if recreated, would allow roads to be available on all four sides of the Khan Market Community Centre (KMCC). This in turn would allow better ingress and egress from KMCC. Vehicles can enter from Subramaniam Bharti Marg and Amrita Shergill Marg and exit from Humayun Road,\" said architect and urban planner Sudhir Vohra, consultant to NDMC for the project.Officials sources confirmed that NDMC has agreed to recreate the road and L&DO; has agreed to allot the land as the plot is ideal for a parking lot as it is connected by roads on all three sides. The decision was taken after the court ordered meetings between NDMC, CPWD, Traffic Police and L&DO; to be held on a daily basis since last November.Traffic police has welcomed the plan. \"It will be very helpful in traffic management in and around Khan Market,\" said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The plot, which presently has a small community hall, has been found to be best location for an underground parking lot. \"The plot, along with approximately 3,000 square metres of land - which at present is being shared by the horticultural department of NDMC, the existing single-storey structures of NDMC and coal depots - could be used for developing the parking lot. It was also agreed by all concerned that the facility shouldn't be built at the cost of green cover. Therefore, an area of about 3,000 square metres should be retained as green for all times to come,\" Deputy Land &amp; Development Officer K C Meena wrote in the affidavit submitted to court.\"The number of full grown trees to be cut down would be minimal. As the plot is located on one edge of the KMCC and not in the centre, it will provide easier segregation between vehicular traffic and pedestrian movement,\" said a source.The parking lot will have a 12-foot wide pedestrian linkage to the main market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504480", "title": "Congress aspirants to 'promise' not to rebel", "text": "MUMBAI: Candidates applying for a Congress ticket for civic polls in Mumbai are being asked to commit in writing that they will not rebel against the party in case their candidature is not accepted. Application forms distributed by the party among aspirantsinclude a specific clause against rebellion. Candidates have been asked to give in writing that they will not work against the party's interest if someone else if preferred over them as the party's candidate.The forms even state that in the event that the applicant chooses to rebel against the party and contest as an Independent, the written commitment would be treated as a letter regarding withdrawal of nomination, and will be submitted to the state election commission (SEC).Mumbai 227's third list out: Mumbai 227, an association of motivated individuals, has announced its third list of candidates for upcoming civic elections. Salim Ansari, a taxi driver by profession, will contest from ward number 44. Other candidates shortlisted include Pankaj Khanwilkar (HR manager) from ward 60, Suhas Malankar (CA) from ward 50, 60-year-old Keshav Hodavdekar from ward 56, Prabha Kannan (former cabin crew, AI) from ward 59, Mohabbat Ansari (coaching class owner) from ward 62, Benaifer Daruwala (corporate executive) from ward 71, Sangeeta Nair (former hospital administrator) from ward 3 and Parvati Agarwal (teacher) from ward 69.Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant said that such a clause has been a part of the application forms in the past too. He however admitted that the condition regarding submission to EC was a first.The move is being seen as a bid to check rebellion within the party ranks. The party's decision to go into a pre-poll alliance with NCP for the polls has increased chances of rebellion in certain wards, which have been offered to the NCP.The Congress is also planning to appoint district level committees to persuade dissidents against rebellion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504590", "title": "Parents win 5L maintenance from son", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kalyan magistrate's court recently ordered a man to pay Rs 5 lakh as maintenance to his parents so that they could buy a house. An elderly couple from Dombivli abandoned by their son, won a reprieve from the Kalyan magistrate's court, which ordered him to pay his parents Rs 5 lakh as maintenance so that they could buy a house. An elderly couple from Dombivli abandoned by their son, won a reprieve from the Kalyan magistrate's court, which ordered him to pay his parents Rs 5 lakh as maintenance so that they could buy a house.Hearing an application filed by Ashok Panchal (55) and his wife Archana, alleging that their son, Vinayak, was neglecting them and had failed to maintain them, judicial magistrate first class N R Kora also asked Vinayak to drop all charges that he and his wife had filed against them.Under Section 125 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPc), a man's spouse or elderly parents can file a plea of neglect. The court has powers to direct the man to pay maintenance to his \"neglected\" wife or parents.Ashok used to live with his wife and two sons, Vinayak and Vikas, in Sadguru Kripa society in Dombivli. Their flat in Sadguru Kripa society was in Vinayak's name. Vikas is mentally challenged. When Ashok retired from his job, he along with Archana and Vikas moved to Kankavali in Sindhudurg.The elderly couple had opposed Vinayak's marriage to Megha, a divorcee, but later relented and had subsequently accepted her. According to Ashok's lawyer, Pradeep Bawaskar, Megha and Vinayak tried to evict them from their flat. First, Megha filed a case under the Domestic Violence Act. Vinayak sought his parent's eviction from the house alleging harassment.Megha filed another case at the Vishnu Nagar police station against her in-laws and got them detained for 24 hours.Even as the cases were pending, Vinayak sold off the Dombivli flat without informing his parents in March 2011. A political worker MNS corporator Manik Mahatre helped the elderly couple to approach the court seeking maintenance under section 125 of the CrPc.\"During the hearing, we submitted proof that the criminal cases were deliberately filed with a view to evict Ashok and Archana from the house,\" said Bawaskar.Vinayak made the payment last week. \"The money has enabled us to purchase a room in a chawl in the Kumbharpada area and now we are living with our younger son. At least now we have the safety of a shelter,\" Ashok said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11515894", "title": "Four BEd colleges face derecognition", "text": "RAJKOT: The future of 350-odd students of four BEd colleges hangs in balance after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of National Council of Teacher Education's (NCTE) decision to revoke their recognition.The colleges facing derecognition include Uma BEd College, Jalaram BEd College, Morbi Public BEd College and Nachiketa BEd College. NCTE had inspected these colleges and decided to derecognize their status after it was found that they had failed to comply with the NCTE's norms.The colleges had moved the SC against this decision. However, the SC upheld the NCTE's decision, triggering panic among the students, who staged demonstration at the colleges.\"Due to this decision, more than 350 students of these four colleges will not be able to appear for the first semester of BEd,\" an agitating student said.However, examination controller Jagdishchandra Mamtora was quoted as saying that there is no issue of allowing the students of these four colleges to appear for examination as they have not been enrolled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505776", "title": "Whistleblower case: Action soon to launch CBI probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will take a decision \"within a week\" on the Central Vigilance Commission's (CVC) advise to launch a CBI probe against politicians and bureaucrats in Haryana, allegedly involved in a multicrore forest scam.The matter is now with Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , who sought details from officials last week about communication from the CVC and its advice to the ministry to ask the Haryana government to file an FIR after which the case can be transferred to the CBI, sources said. \"A decision will be taken within a week. It is under process. Officials have put their views before the minister. It is the minister who has to take a final call,\" an official said.In response to CVC's query following a request by the environment ministry, the CBI had said the scam could be looked into as the investigative agency found the charges \"worthy\" of an independent probe. The ministry had referred the matter to the CVC after an in-house inquiry found merit in allegations levelled by Indian Forest Service officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi that there was corruption in the setting up of an herbal park on the private land of a legislator under pressure from a state cabinet minister. He also alleged financial irregularities like siphoning of funds to the tune of crores of rupees in plantation at the park in 2007 and 2008.The Haryana cadre IFS officer was \"frequently transferred and suspended for exposing the scam\" and had complained of harassment to President Pratibha Patil , who referred it to the cabinet secretariat. Acting on the directions of the cabinet secretariat, the environment ministry in 2010 constituted a two-member panel headed by IG (forests) A K Srivastava, which confirmed harassment of Chaturvedi and recommended quashing of the chargesheet and referring the matter immediately to the CBI for an impartial investigation. The chargesheet was quashed by the President on January 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504637", "title": "Parks bring the smiles on", "text": "For Dr Manjil Raikar, gynaecologist, Sundays are the only day she spends with Abhilasha, her three-and-half-year-old daughter.The duo has so far explored all the playgrounds and parks of South Bangalore in the past one year. \"I love to see her sliding down happily. I still remember the day she started walking when she was 10 months old. I had taken her to Makkala Koota Park near Chamarajpet,\" recalls Raikar, who stays near Basavanagudi. Not all parks in the city are child-friendly, as the play equipment is either broken or rusted, rues Raikar.For East Bangalore, Coles Park is perhaps the biggest children's play space. \"It's heartening to see entire families spending time at the park. On Saturdays and Sundays, Coles Park is packed with parents and children. It's sad that only middleclass and lower middle-class families come to parks. The upper middle-class, perhaps, prefers visiting malls,\" says Kavitha Krishnamurthy, managing trustee of Kilikili, an NGO working to make Bangalore's 700-odd parks child- and disabled-friendly. Coles Park is one of the parks maintained by Kilikili.Kiran Sebastian, 12, from Fraser Town, remembers the first trip to Indira Gandhi Musical Fountain recently with his family. \"My son was the only one who stood up for Saare Jahaan Se Accha, when all adults, including us, were happily watching the dancing water. Such places teaches them values,\" said Kiran's father M N Sebastian.Gardening and bondingFor Sandhya K, a techie from Malleswaram, parks are not the only place to spend time with her daughter Mythily Yadav, 14. \"My daughter plays in school and her badminton club on weekdays. So on Sundays, I engage her in my rooftop garden. The quality time spent must be reflected in our house, is what I believe. The chrysanthemums in my garden and wheat grass that we have grown show the good hours spent with my only daughter. In the process, I've got her interested in gardening,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505379", "title": "MANIT plans to get tough on teachers taking private classes", "text": "BHOPAL: Teaching in private classes will cost dear to teachers in Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). The institute's authorities have decided to get tough with teachers who give a miss to the institute to teach in private coaching classes. An order is not out and may take some time, teachers have started griping about any such move.Asked, MANIT registrar Savita Raje confirmed that the institute has decided to get tough on teachers missing class. \"It was discussed during a recently-concluded meeting. The director has decided to demote if teacher is found guilty of teaching in private coaching classes and missing class in the college by reducing their one additional pay grade (APG),\" Raje told TOI. The authorities will soon circulate an undertaking in which teachers have to give in writing that they will not teach in private coaching and take class in the MANIT.Sources in the institute said that authorities were angry after the Union Ministry of Human Resources Development (MHRD) turned the heat on the institute by seeking an explanation over the alleged involvement of its professors in running tuition racket across the city.The MHRD had reportedly asked the MANIT to send a report on seven teachers allegedly into tuition 'business'. The teachers of different branches were accused of teaching in private coaching and forcing students to study there. In its reply to the HRD ministry, the MANIT had given clean chit to all the seven. The authorities feel that strict measures are required to put a curb on the menace. Sources say the order clearly states that a teacher will have to face action like demotion if found absent from the class.When contacted, MANIT registrar Savita Raje confirmed that the institute has decided to get tough on teachers missing class. \"It was discussed during a recently-concluded meeting. The director has decided to demote teachers if teacher is found guilty of teaching in private coaching classes and missing class in the college by reducing their one additional pay grade (APG),\" Raje told TOI.Going by All India Council of Technical Education rule, assistant professors should devote minimum 16 hours in a week for teaching while in case of associate professors it is 14 hours. The teachers already started expressing resentment. \"We are teachers or students? This is not the way to tackle the issues. Such circulars should be given only to those whose names had figured in the HRD ministry list and not to everyone,\" a MANIT teacher said on the condition of anonymity.There are around 300 members in teaching staff including the teachers on contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503276", "title": "'Salute to those who lead from the front'", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a day to remember the bravehearts. After many years, Bangalore hosted the Army's investiture ceremony on the occasion of Army Day.Lieutenant general AK Singh, general officer, commanding-in-chief, presented one Yudh Seva Medal, 30 Sena Medals for gallantry, five Sena Medals for distinguished service, 21 Vishisht Seva Medals and 11 unit citations. Five of the gallantry awards were awarded posthumously.Among the awardees were four from Karnataka and both the gallantry award winners were from Kodagu. Major Madhusudhan BS won a medal for leading his team to ambush a militant group in Manipur in April.Lance Nayak KB Lava bagged the Sena Medal for gallantry for shooting down an insurgent at close quarters in Assam, 2010. Lava was part of a team involved in a search operation. As the team was proceeding, an insurgent jumped out of a house to attack them. Lava, however, shot him before he could pull the trigger.Apart from these two, Major General Mohan Prahlad Rao Muttagikar (retd) and Brigadier Mangal Murthi Prasad were presented with Vishisht Seva Medal.Lieutenant General AK Singh said the awardees have kept the Army tradition alive by 'leading from the front'. \"They give their lives for the country. It comes from conviction and motivation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "11505556", "title": "CM to meet minority members tomorrow", "text": "MADHUBANI: The proposed conclave of public representatives belonging to the minority community from panchayat to zila parishad level of Madhubani district with CM Nitish Kumar on January 17 at the madrassa at Ekhattha village under Laukaha assembly segment of the district during his Seva Yatra of the district beginning on January 16 is being viewed as a political game changer in times to come.With BJP millstone hanging from his neck, all his attempts to wean minorities from his political bete noire RJD chief Lalu Prasad and hammer his supposedly invincible Muslim-Yadav combination had seemingly been futile until the recently held bypoll to Laukaha assembly constituency occasioned by the untimely demise of panchayati raj minister Hari Prasad Sah. Of the 1,600 votes polled at Ekhattha, a village of almost 100% minority population, JD(U) candidate Satish Sah polled 1,100 votes despite the fact that RJD had fielded a Congress turncoat Wakil Ahmad. An enthused Nitish announced his resolve to spend a night at the village in course of his Seva Yatra in the district and dine at the place of a party worker from the village at a meeting of party workers from the district at Patna soon after election results were declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505007", "title": "Goods train derails", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four bogies of a goods train derailed close to Ahmedabad, throwing Rajkot-bound rail traffic out of gear. The incident happened near Viramgam station when while changing tracks bogies of the train going towards Pipavav derailed on Sunday afternoon.A team of railways officials from Ahmedabad rushed to the spot and the work for clearing the tracks continued till late Sunday evening.\"Around 10 trains going towards or coming from Rajkot, Porbandar, Veraval and Jamanagar were severely affected. All these trains were routed through Mehasana and were delayed for more than two hours from their schedule,\" said a railway official.\"The incident happened at 1.45 pm and a team of railway officials from Ahmedabad were sent to the spot. The work to remove the bogies was on till late on Sunday,\" the official added.The trains that were diverted include, Porbandar-Havda, Secundrabad-Rajkot, Ahmedabad-Veraval, Mumbai-Veraval, Somnath-Jabalpur, Jamnagar-Bandra, Okha-Mumbai, Surat-Jamnagar and Veraval-Ahmedabad. The derailment of bogies also delayed a few trains coming from Delhi via Mehsana to Ahmedabad due to diversion on that route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11515602", "title": "Homai Vyarawalla: A pioneering photo-journalist", "text": "VADODARA: Homai Vyarawalla's passing marks the end of an era of a full and rich life lived with dignity and strength. She was the pioneering woman who photographed professionally at a time when it was rare to see a woman with a camera. She created a rich visual archive through her black and white images of political events but she also documented social and cultural life in the country.Many of the photographs that we know and recognize are iconic images of the nation in transition, its moments of euphoria and disillusionment, are authored by Homai. She was also one of the rare photographers who archived her own work impeccably so that it was preserved for prosperity.Here was a woman who witnessed almost a century of history. She may not have photographed for more than three decades but she had a sharp and vivid memory of historical events that spans an entire range from the 1920s and the 1930s as well as contemporary times.I met her first 14 years ago when I had started making a film in 1997 and had come to Vadodara to shoot a documentary. Later, I continued interviewing her, documenting her life every year which came out in the form of a book in 2006.Homai Vyarawalla was pioneer in another quite extraordinary way. She lived independently and autonomously as a single woman till the age of 98 not dependent on anyone and managing on her own. She lived her life with great courage, strength and dignity and during these years she made many friends; people who worked with her, her neighbours, her well wishers, acquaintances, students, journalists and film makers, whose life she touched and changed with her presence. I speak for all of them when I say that we are both saddened by her passing and would like to celebrate the life of this incredible woman as we say farewell to her today.(Sabeena Gadihoke is the author of 'Camera Chronicles of Homai Vyarawalla', a biography of Homai Vyarawalla, and associate professor at Jamia University in New Delhi. She spoke to Prashant Rupera .)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "11505519", "title": "Paramjit weaves warm magic", "text": "HAIBOWAL: Her hands weave magic, be it knitting or crochet art. Nobody can match the art of 43-year-old Paramjit Kaur who loves to knit during free time in the winter season.Since her younger years, she had a passion for knitting and started learning this art from her mother and other elder women who were expert in knitting woollens.She started making bottle covers first and now can make sweaters, jackets and even woollen kurtis with her needles.After completing a sweater, she is now busy in making pink coloured woollen kurti with her crochet needle for the daughter of her sister-in-law. Her mother-in-law also helps her in knitting. During winter season, Paramjit just needs a woollen ball and her needles, and she gets engrossed in weaving magic with her hands.Busy in giving final touches to a woollen kurti, Paramjit said, \"I was interested in learning knitting since my younger years and used to observe my mother and other elder ladies while knitting. I learnt it after practicing on needles for long hours.\"She said it was a real surprise for everybody when she made a design on sweater, which even elderly women were unable to make. After that, she became famous in her locality for her art.\"There is no harm in learning these things. In our youth, we had only a few options for passing time unlike these days, where girls have numerous options,\" she said.Appreciating her mother, Kanwalpreet, a student said, \"My mother likes to knit sweaters and she makes it for everybody. When our relatives come home, they demand sweaters and jackets in advance so that mom could provide them till winter season.\"Sometimes, grandmother also helps her in knitting sweaters and they always remain busy in completing sweaters, jackets, mufflers and socks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504377", "title": "Krishna on 4-day Sri Lanka visit from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of foreign minister S M Krishna's four-day visit to Sri Lanka starting on Monday, the two countries discussed measures for the expeditious release of bonafide fishermen from both countries. Both countries agreed during the 4th meeting of the Joint Working Group on Fisheries, which concluded in Colombo on Sunday, that the use of force could not be justified under any circumstances.Acknowledging that fisheries involved the socio-economic and livelihood dimensions of the fishermen living in coastal areas in India and Sri Lanka, the two sides agreed to enhance cooperation that would allow both countries to pursue their fishing activity in a safe and sustainable manner, including discouraging fishermen from using destructive fishing methods.A joint statement after the meeting said that Colombo emphasised the need to respect the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL).Underlining the need for conservation of marine resources and protection of marine ecology, the two sides agreed to the joint development of fisheries and marine resources in the Palk Bay area and the Gulf of Mannar.Krishna is scheduled to visit Sri Lanka from January 16-19. He will meet his counterpart G L Peiris, besides meeting political leaders, including the leader of opposition in the Sri Lankan Parliament, representatives of the Tamil National Alliance and other Sri Lankan parties.Krishna will also visiting Kilinochchi and Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka to examine projects being carried out with Indian assistance and will hand over the first lot of housing units at Ariyali, Jaffna.Krishna will also visit Galle in southern Sri Lanka where he is expected to inaugurate a segment of the Southern Railway Project implemented under a Line of Credit extended by India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505082", "title": "Absconding shooter caught in city", "text": "INDORE: The city crime branch on Sunday arrested a person in connection with opening fire on a hotel owner in the state capital last month. He had been absconding since then and the Bhopal police had declared a reward of Rs 5,000 on providing details of his whereabouts.Police said that Monu alias Mohan Singh was arrested from Patnipura area. Inspector Jayant Rathore said that Monu, along with his aids, allegedly opened fire on Deepak Sahu, who is running a hotel, Deepraj, on December 5. However, Sahu escaped unhurt.The Kamla Nagar police in Bhopal had registered an offence of attempt to murder against the accused. Rathore said that he got a tip-off that the Monu was hiding somewhere in Patnipura area.The crime branch team surrounded the area and arrested him from his residence, he said. The police also seized a loaded country made pistol from his possession. The accused was handed over to Tukoganj police.Rathore further said that he would be interrogated to know if he was involved in other crimes that were reported in the state in the past.Inspector J Rathore said that the accused allegedly opened fire on one Deepak Sahu, who runs Deepraj hotel, on December 5. However, Sahu escaped unhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504567", "title": "Mythbusters comes to an end after five exciting days", "text": "NAGPUR: The five-day mega youth event Mythbusters organized by Jhulelal Institute of Technology (JIT) wrapped up on Sunday with the winners taking away the cash prize of Rs 1 lakh. The winning five member team led by Gagan Raina included students from Raisoni and Tirpude College. The first runner-up team got Rs 50,000 while the second runners-up got Rs 25,000.Fun and frolic marked the grand finale with physical strength being put to test. The leader of each team was tied to a pole and team members had to perform various tasks to free their captain.There was a high tub in which the keys tied to a float were put. The keys would come up only if the tub was filled with water. Water from another tank which was about 200 meters from the tub was to be carried in a bullock cart to fill up the tub. However, one wheel of the cart was missing and the teams had to first fix that. The team that first waved the flag after releasing its captain would win.More taxing than the finals was the task during the semi-finals and had left everyone speechless. The participants were left 70kms away from Nagpur without any money or mobile phone. The first five teams to reach the JIT campus were to qualify for the finals.With absolutely no resources, participants toiled to make it to the campus. \"We had no option but to beg, borrow or steal money or ask for a lift. We boarded a bus and the conductor came to ask for the money. We had to convince other passengers to lend us some money and they did so. We somehow reached the city,\" said a semi-finalist. The winners also faced difficulty. Raina said \"we had to block the traffic in our attempt to take a lift.\"Three teams out of five that reached the campus were selected for finals. Their task was unpredictable. Except the leader, all other members were hidden in big vessels covered with cloth. The leader had to recognize his team members. Each vessel had a quality about the member inside to serve as a clue to the leader.Mythbusters was handled by Anurag Deshpande, Anup Nair, Sanket Parma, Shashwat Kamath, Abhijeet Shiwankar and Nikhil Vanjani formed the core committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11504868", "title": "Govt hospitals brave shortage of drugs", "text": "NOIDA: The city's government-run medical institutions and programmes have been suffering due to a severe shortage of medical supplies and drugs. Sources say that the problem is a result of the Rs 3,500 crore National Rural Health Mission scam coming to light. While the problem is currently manageable, if it is allowed to escalate, a widespread scarcity of various lifesaving drugs in the city may be encountered.Officials of Noida's first government multispecialty in the district, BR Ambedkar Hospital, said currently the situation is manageable. \"Whatever medicines we don't have, we try and procure from nearby hospitals in Ghaziabad or Meerut. But the problem is much more than just a simple imbalance of demand and supply,\" said a senior official at the hospital.Hospital officials add that there is a particular shortage for Brufen, a medicine used for relief from symptoms of arthritic pain, constipation and fever. However, the district hospital is expected to receive fresh supplies this week. According to doctors, the shortage is part of a larger problem where the NRHM scam has made suppliers apprehensive of supplying drugs with the increased focus on corrupt methods in the supply of medical supplies and facilities. \"Due to the increased interest in the corruption charges in the government's medical programme, the suppliers have become wary and that is resulting in this current shortage,\" said a senior official of the Noida Authority on the condition of anonymity.The problem is especially pronounced in Noida due to the fact that there is only one multispecialty hospital catering to the needs of the entire district of Gautam Budh Nagar. According to hospital officials, the large number of patients coming into the hospital requires them to be particularly well-stocked with medical supplies at any given point of time.The scam was uncovered after a series of alleged irregularities were found in the utilization of funds allocated under the NRHM. Funds to the tune of Rs 10,000 crore were allocated to the state by the union health and family welfare ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11509928", "title": "CM doles out sops for Jhajjar", "text": "GURGAON: Two days after the Haryana government finalized the Draft Development Plan for Jhajjar 2031, the chief minister announced a number of projects for this zone including the construction of a ring road around the city to get rid of traffic jams. The plan has been prepared for a projected population of five lakh by 2031. About 5,198 hectares of area would be developed with residential density of 300 persons per hectare. The population for 2011, 2021 and 2031 has been projected as 80,000, 1.84 lakh and 5 lakh respectively.The Haryana government has recently been focusing on urban and industrial development in Jhajjar, the district adjoining Gurgaon. In the past few years, some of the top international companies like Panasonic have announced their projects in the district. Sources said that with industrial development likely to gain in pace in the district, the state government has been focussing on planned development. On Sunday, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda announced developmental projects for Jhajjar including a plan to build nursing college, a community centre, a sports complex, a rest house and a ring road besides issuing a grant of Rs 10 crore to the municipal committee for undertaking development works. Hooda also directed the local administration to conduct a survey for the extension of municipal limit of Jhajjar city.He has also asked the authorities concerned to change the sagging electricity wires in the city. The chief minister said that keeping i mind the performance of the sportspersons of the district in the last Commonwealth Games , it is necessary to provide better sporting facilities to the children of the district.He also announced to set up a park over an area of six acres at Sampla road. Hooda said that Jhajjar would be developed on the pattern of Gurgaon and would get a facelift. The Haryana government also announced to set up a police college at Matanhale in the district to train police personnel for their skill development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509243", "title": "Therapy lover Bradley Cooper", "text": "Bradley Cooper \"loves\" therapy.The 'Hangover 2' actor - who was recently voted the Sexiest Man in Hollywood - explained he didn't seek professional help because of a personal \"crisis\", but thought it would help him to \"grow as a person\".He explained: \"Oh, God, I love therapy.\"It was not really a crisis I went in with, just getting turned on to that aspect of wanting to grow as a person. I thought it was fantastic.\"Bradley - who has formerly dated the likes of Renee Zellweger and was recently linked to 'Avatar' actress Zoe Saldana - admitted having to survive on a strict diet and exercise regime for his role in 'The A-Team' was a \"crazy\" experience, and while he found the results aesthetically pleasing, it is not something he could commit to long-term.He added in an interview with Celebs On Sunday magazine: \"I had a crazy training programme. From an aesthetic point of view, yeah, it was unbelievable, but not from a lifestyle point of view.\"Halfway through the film, from the scene where I don't appear, I basically started eating pizza and ice cream.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11504894", "title": "Chronicler of India\u2019s tryst with destiny dies", "text": "VADODARA: She was present when the Tricolour was hoisted at the Red Fort on August 15, 1947. She documented the birth of India as a nation, tracing its triumphs and tribulations. Homai Vyarawalla, the country's first woman photojournalist, passed away in Vadodara on Sunday morning at the age of 98.Vyarawalla, who stayed alone, had slipped and fallen in her residence on Thursday and fractured a hip bone. Her neighbours had helped her reach a hospital where she developed breathing complications. She had been suffering from interstitial lung disease which ultimately resulted in her death at around 10.30 am.Born in 1913 in Navsari in South Gujarat, Vyarawalla received the Padma Vibhushan - the second highest civilian award of the country - last year. She had started her photographic career in Mumbai, the city she moved to with her family in 1942, and earned a diploma in art from the J J School of Art.Her work received recognition in the 1930s in Delhi when she got an opportunity to photograph the likes of Jawaharlal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri and a galaxy of foreign heads of state. She is also credited with capturing the departure of Lord Mountbatten, the last viceroy and first governor general of India, and the funerals of Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi, among other historic moments.\"You can easily take a photograph of a politician cutting a ribbon, but Vyarawalla captured private moments of British and Indian politicians, depicting their lifestyle,\" said a well-known photographer from Vadodara, Jyoti Bhatt.Vyarawalla gave up photography in 1970 after her husband's death and moved to Vadodara to live a life of anonymity for nearly three decades. Very few people in Vadodara knew that a person of her achievements was living among them. That was until art curator Sabeena Gadihoke met Vyarawalla in 1998, while she was making a film about women photographers. Sabeena, who went on to hold exhibitions of Vyarawalla's work and even published her biography, said, \"Her photographs have captured a nation in transition and the period when India was being built.\"Although belonging to the Parsi community, she had wished that her body be cremated according to Hindu rites. The cremation will be held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503331", "title": "Vintage, but fit to keep walking", "text": "From a 65-year-old hypnotherapist-cum-gymnast who cures \"addictions\", to an 85-year-old Peddar road businessman participating \"just for the heck of it\", 1,251 veterans danced, laughed and walked their way to the finish line of the senior citizen's run. At 87, Manjula Thakkar and T S Advani were some of the oldest participants while Chandralekha Jain at 60 turned out be among the youngest.This edition was special to Thakkar as the sprightly octogenarian made her grand debut in the 4.3 km event. She completed the stretch along with her fellow members of the Rajawadi Laughter Club. \"I am the oldest in the group but everybody calls me the fittest. Every morning and evening I complete 10 rounds of the park where the club meets,\" she said.With a physique that could be a youngster's envy, Chembur-based hypnotherapist Dr Raymond Fernandes said gymnastics from the age of 15 has kept him in great shape. Participating for the second year, he said the event was a way for him to improve his fitness.When the event kicked off at 8.05 am, one man who caught everyone's attention was a 72-year-old man with packets of amla (Indian gooseberry) pinned to his clothes. Jayantilal \"Dr Amla\" Cheda, participating for the sixth consecutive year, distributed the packets to participants and onlookers. \"I want everyone to enjoy the benefits of this healthy fruit. Eat amla, drink amla is the message I want to spread,\" he said. Just a few feet ahead, Prakash and Kalpana Nanavati, both in their sixties, walked along with their six-year-old granddaughter Keya who was being pushed in a pram. \"We want her to understand the value of fitness. She enjoys the event and even accompanied us last year,\" the proud grandfather said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504361", "title": "Nagpur NGO in India book of records for environment works", "text": "NAGPUR: Green Vigil, a city-based non-profit NGO working for environment protection, has been included in the India Book of Records 2012, a book recognizing collection of national records.Set up in 2010, majority of the Green Vigil members, including its promoter Kaustav Chatterjee and Kavita Rattan, are environment science graduates and postgraduates.\"Green Vigil was perhaps the favourite choice for its outreach and having maximum members with environment sciences domain.Of the 42 members, 33 have an environment background,\" said an overjoyed Rattan, who herself is a doctorate from IIT-Roorkie.Green Vigil is actively working with a vision towards environmental protection and sustainable development by engaging citizens and stakeholders to save the planet.Since inception, Green Vigil has organized record 21 campaigns in the city like saving the planet, global warming, climate change, sustainable environment, tree plantation, adoption of plants, cleanliness, water conservation etc.\"We have been making dedicated efforts to reach out to the people. The Green Vigil believes that threat to our planet can be met only by combined community participation and education,\" said Chatterjee.India Book of Records was started in 2004 by Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury, who himself is a Guinness book record holder. \"We are a team of reporters spread across the country working day and night trying to find some extraordinary people and organizations,\" he said.Vrushali Shrirang, Surbhi Jaiswal, Aditya Joshi and Abhilash Dhote, all active members of Green Vigil told TOI that a special focus is being laid on school and colleges as these sector represents our future generation.\"Global warming and climate change have been the theme of multiple campaigns conducted by Green Vigil, since we understand that urgent steps need to be taken to combat the changing climatic patterns that are to impact both humankind and the animal and plant life on the planet,\" they said.Green Vigil is part of the United Nations tree campaign and under the UNEP has planted 300 saplings of indigenous species in 2010, the 'International year of biodiversity'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11506108", "title": "Puttige seer will go on fast today", "text": "MANGALORE: Accusing Pejavar mutt seer Vishwesha Theertha of not being sincere in his efforts to resolve the 'paryaya' row, Puttige Mutt seer Sugunendra Theertha announced that he will go on a day's fast from 9am on Tuesday till 5am on Wednesday.He is the only seer not invited for the Paryaya darbar and the traditional procession scheduled to be held on January 18.Paryaya is a religious ritual which takes place every alternate year at Udupi Krishna Mutt, where the pooja and administration of the mutt is transferred among the seers of the `ashta matha' (eight mutts) established by Dvaita philosopher Madhvacharya.On January 18, the administration of the Krishna temple will be handed over to one of the Ashta mutts. This year, by rotation Vishwavallabha Theertha Seer of Sode Vadiraja Mutt, will take charge of Krishna Mutt, which is also known as ascension of Sarvajna Peetam on that day and will be in charge till January 18, 2014.\"This type of ban is not a done thing now. It will send a wrong message to society and is not a good tradition too,'' he told TOI.Will this fast solve the row? \"We don't know. It is left to those who have not invited me to think over,'' the seer added.The Puttige seer said he was pained by the silence on the issue by Vishwavallabha Theertha seer.A couple of days ago, the Puttige seer had extended an invitation to Vishwavallabha Theertha to visit Puttige mutt and seek blessings from the mutt deity, Panduranga Vittala,' apart from asking him to speak to him directly over the differences and sort out the issue amicably by Sunday 6pm.\"The time of 6 pm was not a deadline. We wanted an answer from the seer. We are pained by his silence as well as the Pejavar seer's 'reluctance' to resolve this issue,'' he added. The Puttige seer said during his Paryaya, the Pejavar seer had gone on a hunger strike.\"Pejavar seer has gone on a fast on various issues and dealt with them effectively. Why cannot he `put efforts' to solve this row,'' he questioned.Puttige seer said he was under tremendous pressure from his followers, pointing out that his visit to USA in the 1992 was to propagate religion and that it should not be the bone of contention to rusticate him from the festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505085", "title": "Mauritius, Trinidad &amp; Tobago seek EDI expertise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The expertise of Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI) will travel to new places this year. Following a request from the Mauritius government on January 11, the institute will help strengthen non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Mauritius as well as develop a national policy for them. The institute has been approached by the government of Trinidad and Tobago for similar initiatives as well.A three-member delegation led by Sheilabai Bappoo, the minister for social security of the Mauritius government, has sought support from EDI for strengthening its NGOs as well as institutionalizing NGO management programme, besides training and capacity building of faculty members.\"The delegates requested EDI to extend its expertise in developing a national NGO policy for their country. A two-day workshop will be held there as one or the first activities around May 2012,\" said head of Business Development Cell at EDI Nikhilesh Desai.EDI has also been approached by the government of Trinidad and Tobago for similar initiativesA seven-member delegation visited EDI to invite the institute to help them introduce entrepreneurship education in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11504376", "title": "Lovelorn youth attempts to end life", "text": "AMRAVATI: Unable to bear rejection in love, a lovelorn youth attempted suicide in the wee hours of Sunday in Chikhaldara, 72km from Amravati.A student of Ram Meghe Institute of Engineering and Technology Pravin Shrivastav (21), who hails from Nagpur, was having an one-sided relationship with a girl from Gondia. On Saturday night Pravin went to Chikhaldara from Amravati. He reached Malviya Point in Chikhaldara from where he called the girl on phone but she did not answer his calls. So, Pravin slashed his body with a blade and later surrendered before Chikhaldara police.Chikhaldara PI AU Qureshi said, \"He had multiple injuries on his body, so we admitted him to a hospital and informed his parents. One-sided love is reason behind the incident.\"Police have registered an offence against Pravin and investigating further the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "azamgarh", "code": "11505982", "title": "Kanshi Ram\u2019s loyalist now a forgotten man for BSP", "text": "AZAMGARH: There is a good chance you'll miss him. Under tin roofs at the messy Azamgarh courthouse, lost in the clatter of typewriters, crowds of rural petitioners and rows of cynical notaries, a black nameplate on the yellow wall reads: \"Ram Krishna Yadav, advocate (Ex-MP)\".Under this nameplate, a 75-year-old man sits wrapped in a woollen jacket and muffler, on a old wooden chair at a table coming lose at the hinges. Some 650 km away in Bhopal, his first cousin Ram Naresh Yadav lives in the opulent Raj Bhavan; he is MP governor.Ram Krishna Yadav handles criminal cases in this eastern UP rural expanse standing in court to argue cases related to small land disputes, clashes and dowry charges. There was a time he stood in Parliament to speak on matters of national importance. In 1989, Yadav became one of the three first-ever MPs of the thenfledgling BSP, which made its mark even in the pro-Janata Dal wave. Yadav won from Azamgarh after a quick-fire campaign using just one jeep, compared to the well-resourced campaigns of his rivals. Apart from him, there were two BSP newcomers in Parliament: Harbhajan Lakha from Phillaur (Punjab) and a rising star called Mayawati from Bijnaur (UP), later Yadav's neighbour at the apartment complex for lawmakers at New Delhi's North Avenue.\"We had heard there is a lady called Maya-wati who was gaining prominence with Kanshi Ramji-but that was the first time I met her, after we got elected to Parliament,\" said Yadav.They did not hit it off. \"She seemed very ambitious. She said she was a teacher, but she had dreams beyond her capabilities, I thought,\" said Yadav, one of BSP's founding members, sitting at the Azamgarh courthouse with fellow lawyers.Kanshi Ram's politics was significant at a time when upper and intermediary Hindu castes dominated politics. BSP won over 1 million votes right away-in the 1984 LS polls, leading to the first parliamentary success in 1989.Yadav's political career began when he was invited to Kanshi Ram's closed-door dinners with Azamgarh's political activists, where they discussed ways to create a niche in the already crowded political space. Yadav soon gave up his successful legal practice to join politics. \"I had nothing. I was a middle-class criminal lawyer. I never had a car, I still don't,\" Yadav said.Kanshi Ram invited Yadav to speak at rallies. \"I agreed with him that power of all sorts -political, financial or intellectual-vested in a few hands and it was time to change that,\" Yadav said. \"I was hugely impressed with Kanshi Ramji.\"The mercurial Kanshi Ram headed a new shift in political thinking. He was ready to align with any political rival, saying he would do it as long as it served the interests of his key constituency, the dalits.Parliament was dissolved in 1991 after Chandra Shekhar's government fell. Yadav and the other BSP lawmakers lost that year in the Congress wave after Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.In the 1996 elections, circumstances pitted Yadav against his cousin, former state CM Ram Naresh Yadav. He lost. \"I was left with savings of just over Rs 10,000. But I was content,\" Yadav said. The BSP, though, had arrived. In 1996, it was granted the status of a national party.\"But Kanshi Ram's influence had begun to wane. The old guard was sidelined, Mayawati was gaining control,\" Yadav said. In 1998, he quit BSP.\"BSP's themes and policies -socialist outlook, working for the dispossessed-had vanished,\" said Yadav. \"The party's mission was to go after the three M's-money, media and mafia. Now all is lost.\"Neelesh Misra is a journalist and Bollywood writer/lyricist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11506149", "title": "TMC to contest on over 100 seats in UP", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to establish its presence at national level, the Trinamool Congress on Sunday said it will contest on its own over 100 seats in Uttar Pradesh, apart from fighting assembly elections in Manipur, Goa and Uttarakhand.All India Triamool Congress general secretary Mukul Roy said that his party would contest on its own in 45 out of 60 seats in Manipur, all 40 seats in Goa in alliance with regional parties and in some constituencies in the 70-member Uttarakhand Assembly. \"We will contest more than 100 seats in Uttar Pradesh alone. Our objective is to establish our party's ,\" he said.Roy said that the TMK would contest 11 seats out of 55 seats in the first of the seven-phase phase polls in Uttar Pradesh on February 8. \"The Trinamool Congress will go it alone and will not enter into a poll tie-up with any party in Uttar Pradesh, Manipur and Uttarakhand,\" the Union minister of state for shipping said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504823", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs. 34,000 stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 34,000 were stolen from the flat of Prakash Kaslikar in Upnagar. In a complaint registered with the Upnagar police, Kaslikar said the theft occurred between 4.30pm of January 12 to 7.15pm of January 14. The thieves entered the flat in Ananadbakti Apartments near Dattanagar bus-stop and stole the jewellery from a cupboard.Gas cylinder stolen: A gas cylinder and domestic articles worth Rs 3,000 and Rs 500 were stolen in Phulenagar between 10pm of January 13 and 8am of January 14. The thieves entered the house of Chitra More by breaking open the door lock and decamped with the cash and items. Sunil Dukki registered a complaint with the Panchavati police station.Motorcycle theft: A motorcycle parked in front of a house was stolen at Dattanagar. The Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 10,000 was stolen on the night of January 13, when it was parked in front of the house of Prashant Bhavsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504969", "title": "Koregaon Park police station set to open today", "text": "PUNE: Three years after the state government approved the plan, the Koregaon Park police station will start functioning from Monday.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar will inaugurate the police station, which has been housed in a temporary structure till the main building is constructed. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and district collector Vikas Deshmukh will also be present.During the annual crime conference held on January 13, Borwankar had announced that Koregaon Park police station and the Market Yard police station will be made functional very soon.The state government has allotted a 10 guntha plot at survey no.112/5 on a road joining lane no. 4 and 5 in Koregaon Park for the police station.Senior inspector Shivaji Kamble, who is the first in-charge of the police station, said the decision to open the police station immediately was taken with an eye on the forthcoming municipal elections. \"We will start functioning in a temporary shelter on Monday,\" Kamble said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505287", "title": "Cong, RLD young leaders embark on poll campaign", "text": "LUCKNOW: Young turks of Rashtriya Lok Dal and Congress will kick start the election campaign in the poll-bound Uttar Pradesh from Monday. While, Rahul Gandhi and his sister Priyanka would hit streets of Bundelkhand and Rae Bareli respectively, Ajit Singh's son and party general secretary Jayant Chaudhary will storm into at least three districts of west UP.Jayant is scheduled to visit Muzaffarnagar, Agra and Aligarh on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday respectively. The three districts together have 23 assembly constituencies, out of which RLD managed to win three assembly seats, with maximum of two in Muzzaffarnagar (Morna and Thana Bhawan). The 33-year-old RLD MP from Mathura will address a public meeting in Gudd Ki Mandi in Muzzafarnagar on Monday.Chaudhary junior will then move to Kheragarh, an assembly constituency in Agra on Tuesday. It was a complete rout for RLD last assembly elections here with BSP winning six out of the nine assembly constituencies. This time, RLD state president, Baba Hardev Singh, is contesting from Agra's Etmadpur assembly constituency which was won by BSP candidate Narayan Singh last assembly polls.The RLD general secretary will finally address a public meeting in Iglas constituency in Aligarh on Thursday. Iglas constituency is RLD stronghold. Its candidate Bimlesh Singh won the seat for the party in 2007 assembly elections. Jayant is scheduled to visit four villages around the constituency - Mai, Thosigad, Rajawal and Talesara.Assembly constituencies in the three district hold significance for the party as it tries to snatch seats not only from BSP, but also from BJP which managed to win five seats from these three districts alone.At the same time, Gandhi scion Rahul Gandhi will hit the turf of poverty stricken Lalitpur district in Bundelkhand before he moves through the region and takes on Poorvanchal. Bundelkhand has been crucial for the Congress as it provides ample ground to Rahul Gandhi to launch a scathing attack on the ruling BSP, which reigns power in the region with 13 MLAs and two powerful MLCs. The Congress general secretary has been quite vocal as to how funds meant under MNREGS and the Bundelkhand package were swindled under the Mayawati government depriving the needy of their due share.Meanwhile, Rahul's sister Priyanka Gandhi Vadhera will try to jack up support for the Congress in seven assembly constituencies of Rae Bareli. Congress had a close contest with Samajwadi Party in the assembly segments of the districts in the last assembly elections. Even though Congress managed to win five seats, SP trailed closely behind winning one seat and falling second in four other assembly constituencies. While SP's Mayankeshwar Sharan Singh triumphed at Tiloi, independent candidate and senior leader of Peace Party Akhilesh Kumar Singh won from Rae Bareli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11505563", "title": "EC talks tough on using schools for poll purposes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Election Commission on Sunday said that under no circumstances, teachings in the schools should be affected if its premises are being used during the election process. Further, consent of school administration and magistrate concerned should be taken before any political party uses the election premises for canvassing purpose and that too for a limited period.The political party that makes an application for using the premises first should be given priority. However, if any political party tries to violate the laid down rules, then the whole responsibility would be on the sub divisional magistrate concerned.ADM (City) Akhilesh Tiwari has also observed that responsibility of maintaining the law and order during the election meeting would be on the concerned political party/candidate or the organiser of the programme. However, if there is any loss incurred to the school during the canvassing programme, then it would be compensated by the organiser of the programme.Further, directions have also been issued that under no circumstances, building or any room of a school would be used as an office of any political party. And, no election activity would be controlled from the school premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509436", "title": "Many new forms of dances coming up in India", "text": "Dancing has always been an integral part of Indian tradition. But the latest trend seems to be going the other way.As the world opens up and gives the youth exposure to various other forms of dances from across the globe, new forms of dances have caught the attention and now there is a new mantra that comprises of dances like b-boying, Hip-Hop, Belly, locking, popping, lyrical Jazz, contemporary etc.So what is contemporary dance? Aakash karnataki, a choreographer says, \"Contemporary is more like a combination of lyrics, expression and energetic moves. Indian classical comes very close to it since that also emphasizes on expressions etc.\" He adds, \"The craze for contemporary is increasing these days in the youth as they see it in movies and various reality shows. Internet is further helping them to find out more and learn the moves.\"Binny Sharma, a dancer and actor says, \"These dances rely heavily on energetic body movements. So it not only satisfies you as a dancer it is also good for your physical health as well. It also acts as a stress buster. And the simplest of the reasons is that these are new forms and thus they attract the youth more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504214", "title": "Murdered CA's kin getting threat calls", "text": "KOLKATA: Shankar Lal Agarwal, the Dum Dum-based businessman whose chartered accountant son Manish had been murdered four years ago, has been receiving threat calls for the past few weeks - just before a hearing on the family's plea for a CBI probe begins in Calcutta high court. The callers demanded a hefty amount from the Agarwals.The family believes that they are from the same gang who had killed Manish. Shankarlal has complained to police, but the cops are yet to track the callers.The 24-year-old chartered accountant was found dead on February 28, 2008. Before that, he had been missing for a week. On February 21, he went to his Camac street office. In the afternoon he spoke to his sister and mother and told them that he would rturn after attending a coaching class at Lake Gardens. But he never returned. His cell phone remained switched off since that evening.Manish's decomposed body was found in a gunny bag at Dhapa. His ribcage was broken, wrist slashed and there was stragulation mark on his neck. The detective department of Kolkata Police launched an inquiry, but but after four months the mystery could not be solved.In July 2008, CID took up the probe, but it too could not unfold the mystery.The investigators could only hint that a powerful racket was behind the murder. They reportedly found that an \"elite sleaze racket\" operating from a posh club near Rajarhat was involved in the case. Manish used to often go to that club.But finally cops could not proceed more.\"We suspect some influential people were behind my nephew's death, so the police hushed up the matter. That is why we wanted a CBI inquiry. We submitted a petition to the high court, seeking a CBI probe and the hearing on our plea is to begin in the first week of February,\" said Manish's uncle Promod Agarwal.He said the threat calls started coming since December 9. \"We received calls from two numbers and they demanded Rs 50 lakh from us,\" said Agarwal. They have received more than 10 such calls so far.The family lodged a compalint with Dum Dum police station on December 16. They also informed Kolkata Police about it. \"On Sunday, we received a letter from Kolkata Police joint commissioner, where she asked us to meet the North 24-Paraganas SP. She wrote that she already informed SP in detail,\" said Agarwal. Probe revealed that of the two cell numbers used to make the threat calls, were taken in fictitious names.One was registered in the name of a woman from Nandigram and another is from Assam. Both the names are fictitious and the calls were made from Kolkata, said police.Shankar Lal believes that business rivalry was one of the motive behind his son's murder and suspect that the same rivalry is working behind the threat calls. \"We are trying to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee ,\" said Promod. Still they could to forget the fate of their son and scared of their children.Notably, Criminal Investigation Department had reopened the Manish Agarwal murder case in July last year, five months after the body of the cost accountant student was found dumped on the EM Bypass. Agarwal went missing on February 21 and his body was found a week later. The autopsy revealed three broken ribs and a fractured wrist. The assailants had also slashed his wrists with a blade. Sleuths managed to retrieve Manish's cellphone details, which pointed at the involvement of an influential south Kolkata politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505516", "title": "Setu sag to be repaired by July", "text": "NEW DELHI: Although rehabilitation work on the Janak Setu bridge taken up by Municipal Corporation of Delhi was to be completed by March, officials say it will take at least four more months for both the carriageways to become operational.The whole bridge was initially closed in June 2011 for repair work after a portion between two columns sagged causing severe traffic jams. And while one carriageway opened in September, until the work is complete, traffic woes continue for commuters.In July, Rs 7.7 crores was sanctioned by the civic agency to repair the bridge . \"A portion between two columns sagged and repair work was carried out by MCD. After that portion was repaired, a special team from Central Building Research Institute (CBRI), Roorkee, inspected the site. They approved it and one carriageway of the bridge was made operational for light vehicles,\" said an MCD official. \"Repair work on the bridge was supposed to be finished by March but after work began on the carriageway cracks were found in at least 42 pillars. Only one carriageway can be completed by March. Work on the other carriageway will begin after work is completed on the other. Repair of both carriageways will take at least six more months and both carriageways will be operational by July,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, MCD works committee.At the moment, only one-way traffic movement is possible on the bridge. Commuters travelling from Janakpuri towards Delhi cantonment are given priority in the morning peak hours while the opposite is true during evening peak hours.\"The number of vehicles moving from west to south Delhi is more in the morning and the reverse in the evening. But commuters still have a harrowing time as daily traffic jams are inevitable as the load bearing capacity of the Sagarpur flyover is half that of Janak Setu and traffic crawls as a result,\" said P R Sahni, MCD councilor, Janakpuri. But even the road leading to Sagarpur flyover isn't in a good shape. It is riddled with potholes and it is a bumpy ride.\"The road all the way to the Sagarpur flyover is full of holes. Also the stretch between Sagarpur flyover and Kirbi Place flyover is in a terrible state. We have repeatedly asked for the road to be repaired but nothing has been done so far. Ever since the repair work has started on the Janak Setu bridge, traffic jams have become a regular sight in the area,\" said I K Gupta, a resident of Janakpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509527", "title": "Mukul and Ragini get locked in the vanity", "text": "Call it a prank or a divine intervention, television's newest onscreen - off-screen jodi, Ragini Nandwani and Mukul Harish aka Lovely and Kartik of Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein, one day, found ample time to cozy up with each other in the middle of a hectic shoot.It so happened that the entire cast (who get along like house on fire with each other) were having lunch together in the vanity. After having a hearty meal, one by one all the actors left the vanity leaving Ragini and Mukul alone. After a while when Mukul got up to leave, he found the vanity locked.Says a source from the sets, \"The prank was played by one of the bhaiyya and the bhabi from the show. I won't name them. All of them left the vanity one by one knowing that Mukul would leave the vanity little later. They locked the vanity from outside just for some masti thinking that Mukul or Ragini will raise an alarm and they will get a chance to rag them till no end. But to everybody's surprise none of them did!!\"They stayed inside the vanity for the longest time without a care! Its only when the director started asking about their whereabouts, that the anonymous prankster gave the vanity key to one of the spot boys and asked him to unlock the door. \"Everybody thought the hell would break loose as both Mukul and Ragini would unleash their wrath to all. But Mukul came out of the vanity all smiles and blushing and without any trace of anger. He behaved as if nothing had happened. Same was the case with Ragini. Her face was beetroot red! Wonder it was her real blush or the make-up,\" concludes the source.Was the prank a blessing in disguise for Mukul and Ragini? Your guess is as good as ours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11508645", "title": "Samadarshi Dutta &amp; Swastika Mukherjee get intimate", "text": "He is a painter lusting for a live canvas and she, his muse. Passionate about his art, possessive about his lover, that's how Arya is. Married to a doctor and yet in love with Arya, Tilottama oscillates between the two men in her life. And it's their story that Sougato Roy Burman tells in \"Tabe Tai Hok\".While Samadarshi Dutta looks befitting as Arya, Swastika Mukherjee is equally fetching as Tilottama. Says Samadarshi about his character, \"Arya is complicated. He is passionate about his paintings and wants Tilottama as his canvas. Though the girl he was once in love with is married to Dr Amartya Sankhar (played by Joy Sengupta), Arya cannot let go of her. This is where problems start arising. What makes matters worse is that Amartya comes to know of his wife's relation with Arya.\"The actor points out that there are several sexual manifestations in the film but the director has treated them aesthetically. \"In the end Arya, Tilottama and Amartya get involved in a game. What happens next is what the story is all about,\" adds Samadarshi.Talking about Tilottama, Swastika says, \"She might have got married but she is still in love with Arya. She stands on a thin line. One slight mistake and the audience will end up misjudging her. It was a challenging role for sure.\"The film has some passionate sequences and about this particular kissing scene (see pic right) Swastika says, \"This was required in the plot and has nothing to do with titillation. It might look passionate but imagine our tough luck when we had to shoot it at five in the morning. It was more like sokale uthlam and Samy (Samadarshi) ke chumu khelam. But jokes apart, there was a lot of drama involved in this particular scene. The perfect take came after quite a few NGs. Initially, Samy was a bit hesitant and I was like, 'Ebar tui thik kore chumu kha toh amake, na hole maar khabi amar kache!' One needs to have a comfort zone with his/ her co-actor to shoot such sequences.\"Samadarshi agrees saying, \"At first I was a little jittery but after a while, things became easy, thanks to Swastika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510358", "title": "Madonna: 'W.E. was not fun to make'", "text": "Madonna admits working on 'W.E.' \"wasn't fun\".The 52-year-old singer wrote, produced, cast and directed the movie and found it to be incredibly difficult, though she learned a lot from the experience.She said: \"I researched and co-wrote the screenplay and I cast the film and then I produced it because I couldn't find a suitable producer in time before shooting, and then I had to direct it within 52 days.\"It was not fun at all. It was all-encompassing and gut-wrenchingly hard and very educational.\"Despite finding it tough, Madonna is hoping to make more films in the future.She added: \"I love directing. I love all aspects of it and I hope to make another film.\"Sure - I feel the pressure now, just as when I began in my music career. I had to earn my way and to be taken seriously. I hope this is only the beginning for me.\"The 'Hung Up' singer spent a long time working on the project before it went into development because she wanted to craft a \"complex\" story.She explained: \"It was a very complex idea I had. I didn't want to make a straightforward biopic, so I invented a modern-day story too, of a New Yorker called Wally Winthrop, which gave me a frame with which to weave back and forth between the two stories.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504634", "title": "Chill bites city hard as rain falls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With fresh snowfall in the upper reaches, and intermittent rainfall in Chandigarh and its neighbouring towns, the city experienced one of the coldest day of this season on Sunday. However, meteorological centre has predicted further dip in temperature in the coming days. On Monday, a sharp fall in the day's temperature is expected, whereas a marginal dip will be experienced during the night.\"We had light to moderate rainfall all across the city and neighbouring towns. However, at some places we also had heavy spells of rain. This rain will bring down the day's temperature by four to five degrees celsius whereas nights would see a minor fall,\" Surender Paul, director of Chandigarh meteorological centre, told TOI.He added, \"We are expecting rains to continue and thundershowers to occur in the next 24 hours and after that the weather would be normally dry. Then there would be a change in the trend and day temperature will start increasing and nights would be extremely cold.\"Paul also stated that fog will also return to this region in the subsequent days. However, weathermen said this year January has received more rainfall as compared to December. \"Earlier we had majority of winter rainfall during the last couple of weeks of December but this year trend has changed. This is a good sign for standing wheat crop as January rains are very beneficial for them,\" said a met official.Winter's WrathSunday saw an over five degrees dip in the maximum temperature as compared to Saturday. The temperature settled at 13.4 degrees celsius whereas it was 19 degrees on Saturday. The minimum temperature was 6.2 degrees celsius. Met officials said it was one of the coldest day of this season. Chandigarh has received 1.4mm rainfall during day time on Sunday. This city has recorded 36mm rainfall from January 1 to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505837", "title": "Sunday bonanza: Sankranti zest, kites fly high for the second day", "text": "JAIPUR: It was an extended Makar Sankranti in the city on Sunday as millions of kites dotted the sky just like the day before. However, high velocity winds played a spoilsport since it was difficult to hold a kite for at least 10 minutes in the winds.\"It is difficult to hold the kite in these winds for even 0 minutes. The winds are hispeed compared to Saturday,\" said Mayank Bhatt, who was seen flying kites with his cousin brothers in Chandpole area in the Walled City.People also brought out fancy kites including lamp kites which were seen flying in the evening.Some kite lovers were seen wrapping up the kites in a plastic bag in the evening so that they could take it out again next year.\"Every year, the prices of the kite increase. Hence, I purchase 200 kites once in three years. This year, I have this much of kites, out of which I have used 75. The rest would be wrapped and put in the wooden box I have made to keep kites,\" said Akram, who is also a collector of kites.Meanwhile, some people mixed drinks on the festive occasion, dampening the spirits of the festival. Some of them were also been booked by the police for disturbing peace in various localities.Jhotwara police nabbed a person in an inebriated condition who climbed on to a water tank situated at Sanjay Nagar near Joshi Marg.Some people in the locality who were flying kites spotted the man and informed the police.\"He was brought down and was in an inebriated condition. He was not even telling his name properly. We have booked him under various sections of police act and Section 151 of CrPC,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504686", "title": "Suspended cop found dead", "text": "A 35-year-old suspended constable of Punjab police, Puran Singh, was found dead in a public park at Malloya on late Sunday evening. According to the police, Singh was last seen in a drunken state and was said to be under depression because of being suspended five years ago.The deceased is survived by his wife and three children. Police have ruled out any foul play in the constable's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509325", "title": "MNNIT Allahabad to host Rock fest!", "text": "The annual cultural festival of the Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology ( MNNIT) Allahabad, 'Calrav', is all set to kick start from the 26th of January and preparations are in full swing to make it even better this year.And that seems to be the reason behind the addition of 'Rock fest' into the list of events this time. \"we want to see 'Calrav' getting bigger and better with every passing year and therefore on student's huge demand, we are also organizing a Rock fest on the third day of this 3-day festival.What is even more interesting is the fact that we are giving opportunities to a number of professional bands both from the city as well as other places, to perform at this mega event, and the students are quite excited about it,\" reveals Dr Shivesh, a member of the organizing committee, which is overseeing all developments, and adds, \"Once everything gets finalized, we also intend to make the list of bands performing at the event, public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511487", "title": "I have not done good PR for myself: Udita Goswami", "text": "When you saw this sultry, reed thin model make her debut in Pooja Bhatt's Paap a decade back, you felt she had some spark!But that spark lasted till a few more films like Zeher and Aksar. \"Yes, I agree, I started off very well, but then nothing exciting came my way. I was a very hi-profile model in Delhi and was treated like a queen . When the shift to Bollywood happened, it wasn't very exciting because women just get offered all multi-starrers here. I did not 'PR' myself well. I was never a part of the 'happening parties, filmy dos or filmy award functions.\"Having done a good amount of intimate scenes with actors, you ask her if directors take her for granted. She says, \"Tell me which top female actor is not kissing? I think everyone is kissing and worn a two piece and done item numbers. It's just that I am not in the top category.\"She also feels that Indian fashion has a lot of 'foreigner models'. \"Indian women are so attractive and dusky but instead they get these foreigners to walk the ramp all the time. Secondly fashion weeks are so common now.\" Basically from Dehradun, Udita is not a fitness freak and prefers to walk or jog in the park.So any plans to settle for marital bliss, \"Bliss! Marriage is a great thing and I would love to do the traditional things, but where is the love between two individuals today? I don't think we see the kind of love our parents shared any more now. People are getting bored of each other so easily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504404", "title": "'TDR-TB patients will be counselled first'", "text": "MUMBAI: A final decision on whether and when to transfer Mumbai's patients with totally drug-resistant tuberculosis (TDR-TB) to Jaysingpur near Sangli will be taken on Wednesday, said state government officials.A day after Maharashtra government officials said that they want to isolate the TDR-TB patients, they clarified that each patient and his/her family would first be counselled. \"We public health officials feel quarantine in the Jaysingpur facility would be the best approach, but many of these nine TDR-TB patients are breadwinners for their families and may not want to leave their homes,\" said deputy director Dr P Gaikwad, who heads the state TB control programme. He said one patient is a tailor while two others drive autorickshaws.On Monday, a three-member team, which will include a World Health Organization (WHO) official, will arrive from Delhi. The team is likely to first visit Hinduja Hospital in Mahim, whose doctors found the TDR-TB strain in 12 patients. On Tuesday, the team is likely to visit a few patients as well as hospitals such as the BMC-run TB Specialty Hospital in Sewri. On Wednesday, a final meeting will be held to decide and roll out India's public health response to TDR-TB. \"For this meeting, we expect more Delhi officials, including seniors from the central Directorate of Health Services and WHO, to be present as well,\" said state officials. State and civic officials as well as private sector experts will also be present at Wednesday's meeting.Only nine of the 12 patients who were diagnosed with TDR-TB are alive; three succumbed to the disease in the last three months. Meanwhile, the state government officials want to locate the patient who absconded from JJ Hospital while under treatment for drug-resistant TB. \"JJ Hospital doctors have indicated that they had two patients with TDR-TB. While one died, we will make every effort to trace the other patient and his family,\" said Dr Gaikwad.In the last 10 days since Hinduja Hospital's research made headlines across the globe, the local civic authorities have been doing intensive \"contact tracing\". A civic official said, \"We have tested 43 contacts and found that one of the relatives of a TDR-TB patient too has TB.\"There are indications that the state government will collect data on TB tests conducted across all the laboratories. The idea is to get an estimate of drug-resistance in the community and formulate a better anti-TB programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504327", "title": "Denied booze money, man sets mom on fire", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man set his mother on fire after she refused to give him Rs 30 to buy liquor. The woman, Nirmala Tukaram Jingare (50), sustained 40% burn injuries and is admitted to a hospital in Mulund. Her condition is said to be critical. The incident occurred in Bhandup (W) on Saturday around 7.15pm.The accused, Rupesh Tukaram Jingare, has been arrested and booked for attempt to murder. Rupesh was drunk at the time of the incident.\"A school dropout, Rupesh is unemployed and has been drinking regularly for the last five years,\" said inspector S Bargude of the Bhandup police station. \"He does odd jobs and spends most of his days wandering about with local boys.\"According to the police, the incident took place on Saturday at around 7.15 pm. A drunk Rupesh demanded Rs 30 from his mother, who was a house wife. They stayed in a tiny room at Asmi Gokhul chawl at JM Road, Bhandup west for past several years. His father works as a labourer for a construction company. A school drop, Ramesh is unemployed and has a habit of drinking and wondering with the local boys whole day without doing any work. Rupesh has tried for odd jobs here and there but did not get any employment and since past four to five years he has been regularly drinking. He sometime does odd jobs and manages his money for drinks but on Saturday evening he desperately needed money for drinks.'' Said S Bargude, police inspector of Bhandup police station.On Saturday, Nirmala refused to give Rs 30 to Rupesh and reprimanded him for not trying to find a job and asking his parents to pay for his drinking habit. This angered Rupesh, who threatened to assault her. But Nirmala continued to scold him. Rupesh then picked up a can of kerosene and set her on fire. Neighbours rushed to Nirmala's aid and put out the flames. They then took her to hospital and handed over Rupesh to the Bhandup police.Rupesh, Nirmala and her husband, who works as a labourer for a construction company, stay in a small room in Asmi Gokhul chawl on J M Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504429", "title": "Lake town cops grilled", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after an elderly guest house owner spent an entire night in the lock-up without being charged with any complaint, senior police officers on Sunday hinted that officer in charge of Lake Town police station Rajib Dhar, who had instructed on-duty cops to arrest Tapan Saha and his relatives, will face strong departmental action. A probe has already been initiated against Dhar.It was alleged that police dragged Saha out of his guest house on Friday night and threw him in the lock-up on Dhar's instruction. The cops even locked up Saha's brother-in-law Gyanbikash Banik, nephew Soumyadip and son Gaurav who went to the police station to enquire about Saha. The five-hour-long ordeal came to an end after local Trinamool MLA Sujit Bose intervened.On Sunday, locals hit the roads to protest against the high-handedness of police. \"We are planning to submit a mass petition against the officer,\" said Atin Roy, a local. Local councillor Mriganka Bhattacharya, who is also the chairman-in-council of South Dum Dum Municipality, alleged that Saha and his family was not the only victim of Dhar's high-handedness. \"In past couple of months, I have received several complaints against this officer. But Saha's case was the worst,\" said Bhattacharya.Local traders corroborated Bhattacharya's allegation. One of them claimed this new officer in charge often sends his officers to extort money from them. \"During Diwali, a policeman came to my shop when I was selling fire crackers. I was asked to show my license. However, the he demanded money although I had a valid license,\" complained the shop owner at Lake Town.Senior officers visited Lake Town police station on Sunday morning after a written complaint was submitted to Debasis Nandi, the sub divisional police officer of Bidhannagar. They recorded the statement of the accused and other policemen who were present on Friday night. Nandi is conducting the inquiry against Dhar. He personally examined both Dhar and other officers. In the evening, Nandi spoke to Soumyadip, Saha's nephew.Senior officers hinted that the initial report of the inquiry will be submitted to district police superintendent Champak Bhattacharya by Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11513402", "title": "Oprah Winfrey in Mumbai tonight", "text": "MUMBAI: Noted American talk show host Oprah Winfrey is expected to be in the city tonight. On December 20, Oprah had tweeted to one of her followers -- \"YES! I am coming to India next month for 1st time as part of NEXT CHAPTER! (sic).\"'Next Chapter' is the new series of her famous talk show 'The Oprah Winfrey Show', in which, she will travel around the world, interviewing celebrities, news-makers and others.Today, writer Shobha De tweeted, \"Looking forward to meeting the Big O (Oprah) tonight! She is the most amazing, inspiring, influential woman on Planet Earth. Welcome to Mumbai!.\" \"Looking forward to meeting Oprah Winfrey at a dinner hosted by Parmeshwar Godrej tonight! im a huge fan of hers (sic),\" actress Sameera Reddy tweeted.Oprah is expected to be in India till January 22. She would be meeting writer Dr Deepak Chopra regarding her show.Apart from Mumbai, she is also expected to visit Jaipur, Agra, Hrishikesh and Delhi. She will also be reportedly shooting a portion of her show at the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort. On January 14, Chopra had tweeted, \"Looking forward to facilitating @Oprah @OprahWinfrey Net explore India &amp; event &amp; interview in Jaipur.\"Also, Oprah has expressed her desire to meet Abhishek and Aishwarya Bachchan .\"Oprah is coming to shoot for a documentary. She has expressed an interest to meet. It would be wonderful to meet...she has been respectful and loving to both of us. It would be wonderful to meet her,\" Abhishek had said.In 2005, Aishwarya had made her maiden appearance on the 'The Oprah Winfrey Show' and then again in the year 2009, she was invited with her hubby Abhishek to the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11509058", "title": "Aakash tablets: Govt to issue fresh tenders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has said it will require an additional 22 crore units of the world's cheapest tablet Aakash to move a step further in its endeavour to merge education with information technology.\"Initially, we bought one lakh Aakash tablets but we need 22 crore more tablets in the coming years as per the Ministry of Human Resource,\" Additional Secretary, HRD Ministry, N K Sinha said.\"To manufacture Aakash in such large numbers, fresh tenders will be released again and other companies along with Datawind (the London-based company that develops it) will also get a chance,\" Sinha told media.Preparations for the tender process is on, he said. On complaints from some quarters regarding the technical aspects of the device, including poor battery, slow processor speed and the overall build, Sinha said the issues are being looked into.The official said the ministry has even received requests for Aakash from America, Panama , Ecuador and other African countries.The device, a 7-inch touch screen tablet, has an ARM 11 processor and 256 MB RAM running under the Android 2.2 operating system. It has two universal serial bus ( USB) ports and is capable of running high definition (HD) quality videos.A substantially upgraded second-generation model called UbiSlate 7+ is slated for a January-end release.Aakash, bought under the HRD Ministry's National Mission on Eduction through Information and Communication Technology (NME-ICT) project, is available to students for Rs 1,100 after government subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507859", "title": "George Clooney, Meryl Streep win Golden Globes", "text": "The 69th Golden Globe Awards this year had some starry names like George Clooney, Kate Winslet, Meryl Streep and Madonna landing major honours and 'The Descendants' taking home the Best Motion Picture prize.As Clooney bagged the Best Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama award for his role in 'The Descendants', beating superstars like Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt , Streep won the Best Performance by an Actress in the same category for her performance as Margaret Thatcher in 'The Iron Lady'.'The Descendants' was nominated alongside 'The Help', 'Hugo', 'The Ides Of March', 'Moneyball' and 'War Horse'.Queen of pop Madonna's track 'Masterpiece' from her directorial venture 'W.E.' proved to be one as she took home the Best Original Song - Motion Picture trophy for the track.Oscar winner Kate Winslet grabbed a globe for her performance in the mini series 'Mildred Pierce'.Veteran filmmaker Martin Scorsese clinched the Best Director - Motion Picture for his 'Hugo', while Woody Allen took home the Best Screenplay award for 'Midnight In Paris'.Jean Dujardin was named the Best Actor in a Comedy Or Musical for his performance in 'The Artist', which was named the Best Motion Picture - Comedy Or Musical.The film was nominated alongwith '50/50', 'Bridesmaids', 'Midnight In Paris' and 'My Week With Marilyn', whose lead star Michelle Williams won in the Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Comedy Or Musical category.'The Adventures Of Tintin' was named the Best Animated Feature Film.Veteran actor Morgan Freeman was honoured with the Cecil B DeMille Award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11505154", "title": "Complaints of indecent exposure against foreign nationals", "text": "KOCHI: The city police on Sunday started an investigation into the incident in which a group of 10 foreign nationals had appeared nude on the balcony of an apartment at Thrikkakara.Thrikkakara police said that they have received complaints from the public in this regard. \"The complainants allege that the foreign nationals, mainly hailing from African countries, have stood nude on the balcony of their apartment,\" police said. A preliminary probe had revealed that they were students of various institutions.\"We are conducting a detailed inquiry. Action will be taken based on the inquiry report. Police personnel in plain clothes will be posted to keep a track on the activities of the foreign nationals,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "11515854", "title": "Four from Sanand die in accident near Sihor", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Four people from Sanand were killed when their car rammed a truck near Sihor, around 30 km from here, on Monday evening.Police said the incident occurred when the car was trying to overtake a motorcycle when its rider failed to notice the truck coming from the opposite direction.\"Such was the impact of the collision that all four occupants in the car died on the spot. Also seriously injured in the incident is motorcycle rider Prakash Prajapati, who is battling for his life,\" Sihor police station sub-inspector M S Desai said.The deceased have been identified as Manga Solanki, Kushal Patel, Pasha Patel and Talshi Patel. The victims were on their way to Bhavnagar to visit Khodiyar temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11513519", "title": "'Kishori Sansad' on January 24", "text": "PATNA: As many as 243 selected adolescent girls - one each from the 243 assembly constituencies of the state - would hold their one-day 'Kishori Sansad 'at the annexe building of the Bihar legislative council on January 24 to articulate their demands.The process for selection of these adolescent girls has been nearly completed. They would hold their preparatory meeting in parliamentary practice in Patna for two days, beginning January 21, said education department's principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh on Monday.Singh said the Sansad, being organized under the aegis of Child Protection and Empowerment Committee of the legislative council, education department and Mahila Samakhya, is a \"new experiment\" which has the support of Unicef. It is expected to inject leadership qualities among the participants.He added, \"The aim is to give exposure in parliamentary practice to all the 243 representative adolescents. They will also learn basics of participatory process, and also discuss what more needs to be done for the welfare and uplift of women and adolescent girls in the light of government's activities in education, health and welfare sectors.\"State Mahila Samakhya programme coordinator Shubhraja Singh said the selected girls would not be just schoolchildren. \"They would be from all social categories - school going, non-school going, and dropout groups,\" she said, adding that they have been selected by adhering to a set of parameters. The adolescents were given a format (questionnaire) to fill or reply orally, and 243 of them were selected on the basis of their replies.The education department principal secretary said the Kishori Sansad would be conducted as per the norms of parliamentary practice. There would be both treasury and opposition benches, while one of them would be selected by the participants themselves to act as \"chairman\" or \"speaker\" of the \"House\".\"After articulating their demands, they would submit a report to the government,\" he said, adding: \"Whatever the government deems fit would be incorporated in its policy measures.\" Legislative assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, legislative council Chairman Tara Kant Jha, CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , among others, would be invited to be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505102", "title": "Woman, infant son found dead, husband critical", "text": "PUNE: A 25-year-old woman and her eight-month-old son were found dead at their two-bedroom flat at Susgaon, near Balewadi, on Sunday morning. The woman's husband was found lying unconscious in the flat. He has been hospitalized and is in a critical condition. The police suspect the couple may have consumed something poisonous after killing their child.The Hinjewadi police, who are investigating, said the man, Anirban Adhikari (33), is a senior multimedia developer with a private firm at Bavdhan. He had moved into the new flat with his wife Konkona, a homemaker, and their son Aditya in October last year.Senior police inspector Ganpatrao Madgulkar said the incident came to light when Anirban's elder brother, Dr Arindam Adhikari of Baner, went to the flat around 10 am as Anirban was not responding to his phone calls.\"When no one answered the door after he rang the bell several times, Arindam called the neighbours and some labourers and broke a window of the flat to enter. On finding Anirban, Konkona and Aditya lying on the bed, he rushed them to a nearby hospital, where the mother and child were declared dead. Arindam later shifted his brother to a private hospital at Shivajinagar,\" he said.Speaking to TOI, Arindam said he had spoken to Anirban over the phone on Saturday morning. \"On Sunday morning, my mother called me from Assam and told me to contact Anirban as he was not responding to her calls. My mother also told me that on Saturday night, Anirban had called her and said he had some pain in the stomach. He had asked our mother for some ayurvedic medicine which our father used to take when he was in Pune.\"Arindam said that while shifting the family to hospital, he repeatedly called out to Anirban. \"He once opened his eyes and looked at me,\" he said.Arindam said Anirban has been living in Pune since 1995. \"He completed his graduation from Fergusson College and also did his masters in journalism from a city institute. His was a love marriage. Our parents, who were living with Anirban, left for Assam only on Wednesday,\" he said.The police have, for now, registered a case of accidental death. \"We will wait for the post-mortem report before deciding to register a case of murder,\" Madgulkar said.Madgulkar said no suicide note was found in the flat. \"We found several medicines in the flat, most of them paediatric medicines,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505328", "title": "Disaster averted after crack in rail track detected", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major rail accident was averted on Sunday morning, after a crack that had developed on the railway track near Mandawali station of east Delhi was spotted in time. The incident was reported just before the Patna-Delhi Rajdhani Express was to cross the stretch, officials said. Eyewitnesses claim the crack was spotted by a rag picker, one Deepak, who informed the authorities. However, officials dismissed the claims and said the fracture was reported as a result of the automatic signalling and it was repaired at the earliest.The incident occurred around 7.20am and the route remained disrupted for about half-an-hour. Operations resumed around 7.50am, said railway officials. \"Automatic signalling in the tracks switches off the signal as soon as a snag is detected and alerts the control room. Four-five trains on the route were delayed due to the disruption, which was fixed by our staff at the earliest,\" said S K Sharma, CPRO, Northern Railway.Eyewitnesses claimed that Deepak (10) who was collecting bottles near the tracks noticed the crack first. The boy lives in the Mandawali area. \"He noticed a gap in the track and ran towards the railway cabin and informed the staff,\" said an eyewitness.While the staff alerted the authorities concerned, people stood around the track with red flags to warn approaching trains.The train driver saw the emergency signal and applied brakes well in advance.Soon technicians and officials reached the spot to carry out inspection and repairs. The movement of the trains on the route was stopped and repairs were carried out, said a railway official.A senior official said that change in temperature may have led to the incident. He said railways has the requisite technology to handle such situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11509924", "title": "CDR solves 90% crime cases", "text": "GURGAON: If surveillance technology has once again raised all the basic questions about privacy and data-protection laws in the country, it has doubtlessly contributed to one crucial field - forensic science. And today, cell phone technology has become an indispensable forensic tool for cops. In Gurgaon alone, police officials say that over 90% of crime cases are being resolved using call detail records (CDR) of the suspects involved. CDR is easily acquired information from telecom firms and service providers about the details of SMSs and voice calls made from a particular cellphone.\"Almost everyone uses a cellphone these days. And these are very good tools to track a criminal, even when he or she is on the move,\" said a police official. Fixed landline phones might provide important data regarding an ongoing case, but cellphone records, on the other hand, prove to be not just the decisive indicators of a person's location, but important evidence for impeachment in many cases. Cops say that CDR has come in handy for almost every high profile crime case which has occurred in the city in the last seven years. \"Now we have better and more accurate CDR technology, which certainly has improved the capabilities of the force. We have solved cases within 24 hours using CDR,\" the official said.Some of the most talked-about cases from Gurgaon have been ones where CDR has played a central role. The famous Amit Kumar kidney racket, which emerged here in Gurgaon, was a hard nut to crack, given the nature of the case. Kumar, who came to be known as Dr Kidney, lured or forced many into donating their kidneys, which were then sold to Kumar's international clientele. Police records show how CDR was used in the beginning to crack down on Kumar's connections, even as Kumar himself went missing, and was later tracked down in Nepal . Other cases like the murder of Maruti Kunj resident Shweta Singh last year, were equally difficult to crack, with almost zero evidences except the call records for the police to follow. Singh had received two calls from an STD booth in the city - one on the day of her murder, and one the day before. This was the very first link, helping the cops, months later to nab the cloth-merchant accused and his accomplice. \"We have developed a better forensic infrastructure over the years. The State Forensic Science Lab in Madhuban is better equipped these days than ever before,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504449", "title": "Varsity's lexicography dept finishes projects after 20yrs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After nearly two decades, the translation projects taken up by Panjab University's (PU) Punjabi lexicography department are finally set to complete. The projects taken up by this department were related to translation of dictionaries and compilation of a Punjabi encyclopedia.Earlier, marred with lack of funds, shortage of staff and PU officials' apathy, this department was virtually lying defunct for many years. The situation was so bad that this department had even failed to complete the projects that it had got in early 1990s. Recently, PU authorities gave given a green signal for sanctioning funds which will be used to set up a computer laboratory and buy latest equipments for the department. Besides, new recruitments will also be made to ensure smooth working. Bhupinder Brar, dean university instructions, told TOI, \"Lexicography department was set-up around 35 years back. Earlier, it was working well, but people retired over the years and there were some setbacks. But now efforts have been made to revive this department and new hiring will be done soon.\"\"The department needs a strong team of six to eight people if we want to achieve the true purpose. It's like cricket or football where team effort works best. We are hopeful that lexicography will see better days in the coming months,\" stated Brar. Punjabi lexicography department was established to cater to the linguistic needs of PU. In 1990s, the department was given projects of translating dictionaries from Punjabi to English, Hindi to Punjabi and compilation of Punjabi encyclopedia, but they failed to complete them because of insufficient funds and infrastructure. Now PU has formed a committee to revive the department and for the same they have also advertised for the posts of a professor and two associate professors.\"Initially this department started with over 12 teachers but now there are only two left. With this strength it is not possible to continue work. Besides trained faculty members, we need editors, typist and computer operators,\" said a faculty of PU's Punjabi department, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nasik", "code": "11504786", "title": "BCCI must bring team back on the winning track: Azhar", "text": "NASIK: Member of Parliament and former Indian cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin castigated the Indian cricket team currently touring Australia for its abject capitulation. \"Seven consecutive losses, that too with a huge margin, on foreign soil is simply not acceptable. The Board (of Control for Cricket in India or Bmust intervene and see how the team can be brought back on the winning track,\" he said.He was here in connection with a prize distribution ceremony of the Nashik district-level tennis ball cricket tournament organized by the Bhujbal Foundation as part of its annual social and cultural show, the Nashik Festival.On M S Dhoni's leadership, Azhar said, \"He must be faulted for his baffling tactics. When the team had to adopt 'attacking tactics', he strangely goes on the defensive and vice-versa. But the more serious offence is his failure to inspire the team when the chips are down.\" He questioned his timing of calling it quits in Tests in 2013, when actually he should have been concentrating on the Perth Test.On the seniors in the team, the former captain who has played 99 Tests for India before being sacked for alleged involvement in match-fixing, said, \"They must perform or make way for youngsters who are cooling their heels for so long. Enough of playing on reputation.\"But he refrained from advising them to retire. \"Who am I to say the seniors must step down? They should realize when to bid goodbye,\" he added.Azhar has a unique record of scoring three successive centuries in his first three Tests and also had scored the fifth fastest Test century (69 balls) against South Africa.He praised the Indian Premier League (IPL) but warned that there should be a balance between Tests &amp; T20 matches. He advised youngsters to play the longer version of the game and reminded them that Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and many others have come after successful T20 careers.He said his political innings were planned and not accidental, and he was aspiring to rise. But would he like to return as an administrator, selector or coach? His reply was a firm 'no'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505867", "title": "Slight respite for state reeling under coldwave conditions", "text": "JAIPUR: After a prolonged cold spell, Sunday brought in some respite for Jaipurites with the temperature going up by a few notches. Most parts of the state saw a rise in temperature by nearly five degrees.Churu and Mount Abu remained coldest in plains and hills, and recorded a minimum temperature of 4.4 and 5 degrees Celsius respectively. According to the Met office, the temperature is likely to further increase over the next few days.Jaipur recorded a minimum temperature of 8 degrees on Sunday, 4 degrees above normal. However, fog and mist in the early morning hours disrupted the traffic on the Delhi-Jaipur, and Jaipur-Agra highway. Jaipur-bound trains too were delayed by several hours. No major delay was reported in flight arrival and departure at the international terminal here.In state, Udaipur recorded a minimum temperature of 5.5, Chittorgarh 5.6, Sawai Madhopur 5.8, Vanasthali 5.9, Bundi 6.8, Ajmer 9.5, Jalore 9.6, Kota 10.0 and Pilani 10.9 degrees Celsius.Schools to re-open todayDistrict collector Naveen Mahajan announced re-opening of schools in Jaipur from Monday considering the slight rise in the day temperature. The order said that schools in Jaipur will open from 10 am till further order. This new timetable is applicable for all classes above class I. Schools running classes below Class I have been directed to start classes from 10:30 am till further order. Schools will reopen after extended holiday of five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504830", "title": "CEO asks govt to review staff, security, vehicles of ministers", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the Goa chief electoral officer has written three separate letters to the director general of police, secretary, general administration department, and to the chief secretary to review the personal staff, vehicles and security allotted to ministers. The letter instructs them to keep only the bare minimum security required.Official CEO sources said that this was in view of a large number of complaints being made to the election authorities that ministers are misusing the facilities for electioneering.While the CEO's office is trying to keep things under check with flying squads, it is reliably learnt that the lack of central paramilitary forces is hampering efforts to curb election-related malpractices. Sources said that apparently, the efforts of the flying squad are not meeting with much success and the complicity of its local police members tipping off violators is not ruled out. For example, when a flying squad gets a malpractice complaint and rushes to the site, there is no trace of the malpractice. It appears that somebody has tipped off the violators, sources said.In a similar symptom of local complicity, the CEO's office has found the report of the Bardez deputy collector on the incident wherein sports kits were distributed by the Goa Cricket Association as \"unsatisfactory\". Sources said that the deputy collector has explained that the earlier report was just a \"preliminary\" and has therefore been directed to submit a detailed report soon.Meanwhile, the CEO has sought a report from the chief of the Goa unit of the National Informatics Centre on reports that a central server of the government was tampered with to alter dates. This was purportedly done to make the appointment letters issued by government departments look like they were issued before the code of conduct came into force. The report will be forwarded to the Election Commission of India, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504957", "title": "More powers for consumer courts", "text": "The Centre will soon amend its landmark consumer protection Act to provide for enforcement of orders passed by the district, state and national-level courts in letter and spirit.\"In several cases, it was found that pro-consumer orders were not being implemented. In view of the scant regard for the orders passed by the consumer courts, the Centre has now decided to grant them the powers of the civil and criminal courts to enforce the orders,\" a member of the state consumer commission told TOI on Thursday.The member said that at the moment, as per the provisions of the consumer protection Act, particularly sections 25 and 27, a commission has powers to initiate civil and criminal proceedings, but it involves a lot of delay. The Centre has now proposed to amend the Act, as a result of which an order passed by the district forum, state or national commission, will be enforced as a decree of a civil court. \"Such a modification is considered essential in view of the experiences gained during the implementation of the Act. The amendment is intended to deter wilful offenders and also to ensure speedy and proper execution of the order,\" he said.Stating that a bill to amend the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, has already been introduced in the Lok Sabha on December 16, a senior bureaucrat said that the Centre has proposed to bring in a system of filing complaints online, payment for non-compliance of order, more powers to the district forum and increase of age in appointment.As all consumer courts are being computerized in a phased manner, it has been proposed to make provision for registering complaints and paying fees electronically. \"We feel if the entire system is made online, it will be consumer friendly and save a lot of time,\" he said.Every person who does not comply with the order passed by the consumer court will have to pay Rs 500, or 1.5% of the value of the amount awarded, whichever is higher, for each day of delay of such non-compliance of the order. \"We found that orders passed by the forum are either not implemented or there is an inordinate delay, and therefore, it has been proposed to impose a fine,\" he said.The district forum will be empowered to function in any place apart from the district headquarters in consultation with the state government. The Centre has proposed to increase the minimum age for appointment as member in the case of state commission from 35 to 45 years and in case of national commission, from 35 to 55 years. For appointment as a member in the state commission, the experience needed has been increased from 10 years to 20 years, while for the national commission, it has been enhanced from 10 years to 30 years. \"We feel that by making such changes, there will be an improvement in the quality of persons applying for these posts,\" he said.The official said both national and state commission will be empowered to secure assistance of any individual or organization to assist them in the case of large interest of consumers. He said the Centre will now be empowered to call for reports of pending cases from the national commission, while similar powers would be given to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507133", "title": "Ranbir-Katrina stage a comeback", "text": "You know that young, giddy-headed lovers have matured, when they start behaving cordially with each other after their high-profile parting.When Ranbir and Katrina's split early last year, it was the former's much hyped World Tour that suffered the worst collateral damage. Ranbir called off the tour, saying he had no stage songs. And with the two former lovers refusing to work together, Katrina was struck off from the lineup, even though she had nudged out Deepika Padukone and Sonam Kapoor from the tour.Well, a lot of water has flown under the bridge. And as a show of maturity both Katrina and Ranbir have decided to work together professionally again and will topline the World Tour lineup. Katrina 's friend has confirmed the developments, adding that she is indeed working out her dates to accompany her former boyfriend to the UK, US and Canada in August this year.As for Ranbir, a member of the tour production team told Mumbai Mirror, \"He has no issues about Katrina's inclusion. Katrina has given her consent.\"But will she be comfortable on stage with Ranbir? \"Now that remains to be seen,\" says her friend. \"Besides, we do not know how the performances are being planned, whether Ranbir and Katrina will perform together or not.\"Katrina's decision to join Ranbir- in whatever capacity- is bound to raise eyebrows.Readers may recall, not too long ago the actress had opted out of Ayan Mukerji's film starring Ranbir.This rapprochement may have been a result of Ranbir's recent moves to make peace with his ex-es and their current boyfriends. It took him a while to make amends with Deepika, but he is now doing a film with her, the same Ayan project which Katrina refused. He has even spotted bonding with Deepika's current flame Sidhartha Mallya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504514", "title": "Jyotsana wants to steal Sonam's wardrobe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From sky diving, owning an apartment in the world's tallest building to stealing Sonam Kapoor's wardrobe and bringing back the British in India, this Mass Communication student wants to do it all and more before the world comes to an end. Interestingly stealing Sonam Kapoor's wardrobe tops Jyotsana's wishlist before the world meets its end! \"I just love Sonam's dressing sense and outfits, and since I can't afford them I might as well take the easy way to get them! Or better still, I wish that everything she buys automatically transfers to my wardrobe!\" said Jyotsana.Next she wants to sky dive from world's tallest building. \"I want to feel the adrenalin rush once before I die and for the same I want to jump from the same building that Shah Rukh jumped from in the movie \"Don 2,\" she said. Jyotsana also wishes to own an apartment in the world's tallest building so that she can have a perfect view of the whole city. And once she has this apartment she wants to fill her room with biggest and cutest soft toys from around the world.And doing the world's noblest deed is also on her mind. Jyotsana wants to teach a lesson to everybody who is lazy! \"I wish to make an office where I will lock up all the idle people on earth , especially those who have no work other than updating their Facebook accounts all day long, and make them do productive work.\"Strange enough, Jyotsana wants to bring back the British to India. \"During the British rule things in our country were well managed and systematic The British also made some great and long lasting architectural changes to the country. So I wish that they should come back and handle everything once again before the world ends,\" she said.Enough of fun for Jyotsana as next on her wishlist is to find a job before she dies. \"I don't want to waste years of studying and my parent's hard earned money, so I want to experience the corporate world working,\" she said. And that's not all as Jyotsana wants to try a hand at every profession before doomsday! \"I want to make the right choice of profession in my next lifetime, so I really wish to try all the professions before this lifetime ends,\" she said.She is also curious to enter the head of every intelligent person in the world to figure out how its different from other people. And last but not the least, on doomsday she wants to party with her closest friends and family in White House . \"I will invite the president as well and dance with him and his family,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "11505390", "title": "Devotees bite chill, celebrate", "text": "JAMALPUR: While many residents stayed snug at home on Sunday, the incessant rainfall could not keep devotees from celebrating Makara Vilakku ( Makar Sankaranti) at the Sree Ayyappa Temple in Jamalpur on Chandigarh Road. More than 100 artists - musicians, dancers and various other performers - from Kerala had come to the city to lead the procession of devotees.A feast was during the day at the temple and devotees were served traditional south Indian food on banana leaves. In the evening devotees, particularly those from Kerala settled in the city, conducted a procession from Ayyappa temple to Chandigarh Road and back to the temple.Bare-chested men braved the chill, beating drums and performing acts to worship Ayyappa, while young girls and women lined the streets carrying decorated 'thalis' known as 'thalapoli'.The day has great importance for Keralites as devotees believe that a divine light shines on the hills near Sabarimala temple in Kerala. Several devotees visit Sabarimala temple especially for the day but those who stay back perform the same ceremonies in Ayyappa temple in the city.Businessman P N Remanan said, \"This day is very auspicious for us. Some devotees fast for 41 days and then visit Sabrimala temple in Kerala but those who are not able to go there come to the Ayyappa temple for paying obeisance.\" Remanan said every year they organize a procession to the temple so that people can seek blessings of Lord Ayyappa. The 40 days 'anushthana' by devotees ends on this day in Sabarimala with a big festival, he added.Chandigarh Road-resident Narayan Kutti, a trader, said, \"It is always exciting to participate in the procession where people from all castes and creeds come and seek blessings. The holy feast before the procession was also very nice.''Dalia, a homemaker who also stays on Chandigarh Road, said the procession was a beautiful sight. \"Women and young girls were carrying the holy 'jyoth' in their hands and leading the procession. Some devotees had also come from Kerala to participate in the event. One of my Punjabi friends joined me because she wanted to see the various rituals,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar/phagwara", "code": "11510679", "title": "Punjab polls: Electioneering becoming colourless", "text": "JALANDHAR/PHAGWARA: The colour, enthusiasm and some hectic activities or even groups of men in common villages spaces are missing in the election. Thanks to the strict vigil by the Election Commission the candidates are remaining extra vigilant to avoid anything adding into their expenditure and this is taking out colour completely out of this election.If in cities the candidates are preferring door to door campaign unlike the old model of holding small rallies in villages the meetings are not held in the common places or even in the streets but the court yard of some open houses or Havelis.\"More than 70 percent meetings in villages are being organized in houses or havelis of the people as for using some public space would need permission from the officials machinery and that also attracts more keen eye on the meetings,\" said Manoj Lekhi, who campaigns for Congress candidate in Phagwara constituency.\"I don't feel that an election is taking place. I have noticed little activity in my village in the last so many days and it is very unlike of elections in India,\" said Canada based NRI Lehmbar Singh Ghag of village Athouli who is here these days. \"In the old times whenever I would be around in my village from Canada during election season there would be great hustle and bustle and something would keep on happening in our village,\" he added.\"While it is good that there is no cacophony as earlier rickshaws with loudspeakers on these would keep on creating the noise throughout the day but now there are little signs that election is taking place. One likes the little colour related to election but now even that is missing,\" said Satinder Kaur, who lives on busy Banga Road in Phagwara, an area which used to witness a lot of activity.\"It is good for candidates also as it is reducing the expenditure which was increasing by every election. But in any case earlier also the hidden expenditure on liquor etc was more and now that is also expected to lower if politicians would not come out with some ingenuity to cock a snook at EC vigil,\" Manoj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11505859", "title": "Agni-V's detonator developed in Chandigarh lab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A DRDO lab in the city, Terminal Ballistics Research Laboratory (TBRL) has developed the detonator which can trigger the explosive in a nuclear warhead and account for the successful take off of Agni-V -- a 5,000km range nuclear missile. This was announced by Avinash Chander, the scientist who has developed the missile which will be launched next month. Agni has already created ripples in South Asia with its long range capability.\"The missile has a wide range and with this our defence strategies will become enhanced. It is not to scare countries like China, but to become capable of self-defence. The TBRL has a major role in the development and testing of Agni-V. The detonator, which will trigger explosion in the warhead of the missile, has been tested in Chandigarh,\" said Chander.The 50 tonne missile has a longer range than its previous versions. Though not much ambitious about entering the elite inter continental ballistic missile (ICBM) club, which includes the US, Russia and China, Chander added, \"We do not need the ICBM, as we do not perceive such a threat. But Agni-V shows our capability in marching towards this way.\"DRDO is also working on augmenting the power of laser weapons from 10 kilowatt to 20 kilowatt. \"The major area of thrust will be laser technology and its role in weapons. We are working in this area. This includes miniaturizing warheads while maintaining the lethality,\" said Chander.Also, a precise missile guided weapon, Prahar, with a short range of 90-50km will soon be inducted in the Army. The warhead of this weapon has its genesis in the TBRL, Chandigarh. Dr W Selvamurthy, Chief Controller (R&D;), DRDO, ministry of defence , said, \"This indigenous missile is very promising and precise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504402", "title": "Riot of colours in sky as kites fly high", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of kites dotted the sky over the Moin-ul-Haq stadium on Sunday as more than 2,000 kite enthusiasts participated in the 'Century Kite Festival-2012' organized by the art, culture and youth affair department on Makar Sankranti.Inaugurating the festival, Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"After the success of last year's kite festival, department has once again organized this festival as it not only evokes feelings of joy but also spreads the feeling of brotherhood.\"Beautiful kites of different colours and provided a visual treat at the festival that was also attended by some international kite flyers, including Ambarish Rastogi and his team from Kite Flying Association, Moradabad, and Mohammad Sualeheen and his team from Jamhuria Kite Club, Delhi.The minister also enjoyed flying a kite prepared by a group from Uttar Pradesh. Kite buffs from across the city had assembled in the stadium to enjoy the festival that later turned into a competition with people competing against each other by indulging in kite fights and screaming 'woh kaata'.\"For the first time I have seen professional kite flyers. Watching them fly kites was a visual treat,\" said Preetam Srivastava, a student.To encourage kite flyers, the department was temporarily giving visitors kites, string and spool for free. \"We have brought these kites especially for the festival from Delhi, Kolkata and Moradabad,\" said an official of art and culture department.\"After coming to the kite festival I grew nostalgic about the days when my father used to bring kites for me and we used to fly together,\" said Mahesh Jha, a resident of Kankarbagh, adding, \"Now, I have brought my grandson here for the kite festival.\"Girls and women weren't far behind in enjoying the festival. \"I cut almost 10 kites throughout the day. The boys here were almost surprised to see that girls can also fly kites,\" said Priyanka Kumari, a student of Magadh Mahila College.\"I love flying kites and have been doing so on Makar Sankranti every year. Such a kite festival gives us an opportunity to have a healthy competition,\" said Raman Singh , a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505319", "title": "Teams sent to Bhopal, cops on Bunty chor's tail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Delhi Police teams left for Bhopal on Sunday to bring \"super chor\" Bunty back to Delhi, even as the Bhopal police sent his fingerprints and photographs through email.Bunty will be produced in court on Monday after which he will be brought to Delhi on transit remand, a senior cop said. The police had confirmed on Sunday that the man caught from near a Bhopal hotel was Bunty after recovering a driving licence in the name of Devinder Singh-Bunty's original name. The picture on it resembled Bunty's photo available with the police.Meanwhile, Bunty, in his typical style, evaded the police's questions. He feigned mental instability, cops said. From calling himself Napolean to claiming this was his 12{+t}{+h} birth, he tried all means to give the Bhopal police the slip.A senior Bhopal police officer said, \"When he asked him where was he from, he gave the cryptic response 'from all over the world'. Later he said we could ask the big boss if we did not believe him. This strengthened our suspicion. His attempts at dodging the police, coupled with the recovery of his licence, nailed his lie.\"TOI had first reported Bunty's comeback after he decamped with a high-end car from a bungalow in Green Park Extension. Retrieval of Bunty's images from a CCTV at a petrol pump in Raja Garden lent credence to media reports. The second incident was reported from New Friends Colony, where Bunty allegedly decamped with an SX4 along with silver items. The items have been recovered by the Bhopal police. The CCTV footage at a jewellery shop in Faridabad showed that he had tried selling the silver items there.Earlier he had comeinto the CCTC footage of a jewelry shop in Palwal in Faridabad where he tried selling these. He had given cops a slip then.Speeding up the process of getting \"super Chor\" Bunty back to Delhi, two teams of Delhi police left for Bhopal on Sunday even as the Bhopal police mailed his fingerprints and photographs to the Delhi police.On Sunday, senior police officers confirmed that the man caught from near a hotel in Bhopal is Bunty after recovering a driving license in the name of Devinder Singh - Bunty's original name and his pictures having 100 per cent resemblance with Bunty's photo available with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bholath (kapurthala)", "code": "11505737", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur, kin booked in liquor distribution case", "text": "BHOLATH (KAPURTHALA): Former Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee chief and Shiromani Akali Dal candidate from Bholath, Bibi Jagir Kaur, her daughter Rajneet Kaur, son-in-law Yuvraj Bhupinder Singh and three others have been booked for allegedly bribing voters, criminal intimidation and violating prohibitory orders after a cargo vehicle carrying 183 cartons of a whisky were recovered from Talwandi Kooka village of the constituency. Bibi has rubbished the allegations that were levelled by Bholath MLA Sukhpal Khaira.The vehicle was found outside a liquor shop and the contractor claimed he was transferring his own stock from one place to another. However, excise department officials told TOI that no pass or permit was found in the vehicle as mandated by law.Supporters of Bholath MLA Sukhpal Khaira tracked down the loaded truck. Khaira also reached there on late Friday evening. He immediately told officers of the subdivision and alleged that the liquor belonged to Kaur and was meant for distribution among voters.Driver of the vehicle managed to escape. In his complaint to police, Khaira alleged Bibi's son-in-law Bhupinder and her relative and liquor contractor Yadwinder Singh, alias Bunty, reached the spot along with some miscreants and threatened him.In the late night, a case was registered in Begowal police station under sections 188 (disoedience to public servant's order), 171 (undue influence at elections) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code and Section 123 of Representation of Peoples' Act pertaining to bribing voters. Others booked were contractor Bunty, his mother Kulwant Kaur and another man identified as Malkiat Singh.Excise and taxation officer Jaswinder Singh said, \"The transportation of liquor was clearly illegal as there were no relevant papers.\"Alleging that Kapurthala SSP Sukhminder Singh Mann made his subordinates soft pedal the case when the tempo loaded with whisky bottles was caught, Khaira also wrote to chief electoral officer Kusumjit Sidhu demanding transfer of the SSP.Pointing out that Mann was the son-in-law of former SAD MP Raj Mohinder Singh Majithia and a relative of Bikram Majithia, Khaira said earlier also the SSP failed to take action when he lodged a complaint against 15 \"goondas\" who possessed illegal weapons.He said that earlier, several Congressmen were booked in false cases under this SSP and for sake of free and fair elections he should be sent out of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505774", "title": "Panel consensus on return to centralized admission process", "text": "NEW DELHI: Centralized admission is all set to make a comeback in Delhi University . The facility of online registration may also be available for undergraduate courses. If recommendations of the high-powered committee are accepted by the university, cutoffs for the general and OBC categories will continue to be released by individual colleges. Further, SC/ST students might be able to change their course at the college level. The committee on admission reforms is likely to submit its report by mid-February.After its fifth meeting on Friday, there was a consensus on the need for reverting to the centralized admission process. The last admission season saw the university dispensing with pre-admission registration, including the centralized OMR and individual college forms. The 16 principals on the committee are of the view that the experiment was not a step in the right direction.\"Registration is a must and last year's experiment reinforced that it helps manage admissions better. Most of the principals are batting for centralized registration for both general and reserved categories as well as making registration online for the ease of outstation as well as local students. The university will also be relieved of selling prospectuses,\" said a principal, a member of the committee, on condition of anonymity.Another measure likely to be recommended is to give SC/ST students the option to change their course at the college level itself. At present, the selected candidates get a slip from the university allocating them the course and the college, which cannot be changed at the college level.\"We are thinking of recommending a panel at the college, which will be headed by a SC/ST teacher and will help candidates if they wish to change courses according to the eligibility criteria or vacancies,\" said another principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509957", "title": "Trishla Jain\u2019s art exhibition in the capital", "text": "Trishla Jain invites you to her pop up art exhibition 'Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies' at 4 Tilak Marg, near India Gate, in Delhi from 16-30 January 2012 .Painting is not another leisure vocation for Trishla, it is a spiritual engagement where, as she explains, \"Words are brush strokes and colours breathe.\" A student of English Literature, poetry, psychology and anthropology at Stanford, Trishla returned to her passion of painting after coming back to India. When asked why painting after pursuing English, she answers, \"Painting is writing, sculpture and collage.\" For her, it's movie-making, song writing and chai-chatting all rolled into one. \"It's a grand mess of colour, paper and magic and my husband Satyan often remarks that I resemble a construction worker by the day's end,\" chuckles Trishla.Rohit Bal inaugurates 'That Freshness': Rohit Bal inaugurated my first exhibition, \"That Freshness\" in Delhi. After an hour of mingling, he pulled me aside to a bench, titled \"Happy Seat.\" It was an old thing, covered in antique advertisements for hair balms, matchsticks and such like. In the middle of this antique graying tin collage was an anachronistic post card of a fluorescent fairy that exclaimed, \"So Nice!\" He pointed to this fairy and said, \"This is why I want this bench! Capture this wild spirit. This madness, this random disregard for \"the way things should be.\" Dive into this!\" Rohit's keen observation has defined my work since then: it's madder than the mad hatter now. Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie? Well, that's me.What do colours represent: Speaking about her colour scheme that she employs while painting, Trishla says, \"Colour is like the very breath of painting. They can energize and relax the feel of a painting or part of a painting. It's an ongoing and a subtle dance, unique to each artwork.\"Art and Literature connect: Her connection with literature manifests in her artwork too where she accompanies her paintings by text. \"Literature and the written word are in my blood. I am obsessed with authors like Mark Haddon , Oscar Wilde , Rumi , and Shel Silverstein and beyond. In her exhibitions one can witness how, \"Text infiltrates the canvas and takes over. The truth is, words are like brush strokes for me now,\" she says.Infusing text in painting: Trishla's teaching career made her realise that in an era of technology school students resorted to online summaries to complete their assignments, a trend that disturbed her much. She recounts, \"When I taught English to eighth graders in New York , I found that most of them relied on online summaries to complete their work, rather than actually reading the text themselves. That's when I started employing the technique of \"found texts.\" The student's task was to collect a bank of words and phrases from the five or six texts found in the semester's syllabus. Then, he or she was to create a new text, or \"found poem\" using words and phrases from the assembled word bank and critically analyze the result. \"In many ways, my own works are born from this strategy: they are \"found art pieces,\" she added.Picasso inspires Trishla: In her journey to finding painting as her true calling, one of the influences that encouraged her as an artist was the words of the legendary Picasso who famously said 'Great artists steal'. As such, anything is fair game: song lyrics, vintage sunglasses, or the back of a milk carton or even an old discarded telephone. The art lies in bringing the varying elements together with paint and texture to tell a whole new story, in a whole new way - to unearth the vast tapestry of human consciousness.Trishla's cosmic connection with art: My art is a celebration of the universe's ultimate capacity for joy and laughter. Both the ephemeral wink of the present moment and the depths of cosmic consciousness can be found within the layers of my wacky work. I believe in both Prada and Pranayam, in both The Guru and The G-Spot! From skin to spirituality, it's all in the paint.Art as a conversation with the Self: My art is about going within. It's a conversation with the Self. I really don't have a sense of what art is and what it is not. True, I don't have any formal technical training and I make a lot of mistakes. But these mistakes are markers for out of the box art techniques and personal growth. It is all about being Alice in a Wonderland of paint and raw, untouched canvas - the possibilities are endless.Trishla's big 'Thank You': Meister Eckart said, \"If the only prayer you say in your life is thank you that would suffice.\" One painting of mine is covered with the words Thank You, Thank You, Thank You. I just can't say it enough. My art comes from an utter completeness and a sense of gratitude. The whole universe conspires and paints with me. So, thank you!View her artwork online at www.trishlajain.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504796", "title": "NCP stakes claim on Porvorim, PBCC sees red", "text": "PANAJI: Porvorim Block Congress Committee (PBCC) have objected to handing over the Porvorim constituency to a coalition partner and threatened mass resignation if the constituency is allotted to an alliance partner. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has staked a claim on Porvorim.PBCC in a letter to Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president said that they have come to know through reliable sources that some party leaders want to give the Porvorim constituency ticket to a coalition partner. \"The PBCC had an emergency meeting and we have highly objected to any candidate other than a Congressman from Porvirim,\" said PBCC secretary Max Furtado in a press note.He also said in case Congress agrees to give the constituency to a coalition partner then the whole block would resign and will not work for the candidate put up by the coalition partner.PBCC demanded that the Porvorim constituency be reserved for the Congress and that a candidate be nominated from Porvorim as per the decision of the Porvorim block.Aldona Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar categorically said that he has not been consulted in the selection of the Porvorim candidate so far. He also said that the Congress should take the Porvorim block into confidence before any decision is made to give the ticket to a Porvorim candidate.Congress had received eight applications from aspiring candidates to contest from Porvorim. National Student Union of India president Sunil Kawthankar, PCBB president Edward D'Lima, Pradesh Congress committee member Pratima Narvekar, Porvorim zilla panchayat member Bhupesh Naik are some of the applicants for the Congress ticket.Former national secretary of NCP Jitendra Deshprabhu is also lobbying for a Congress ticket to contest from Porvorim.NCP president Surendra Sirsat told TOI that the NCP has claimed the Porvorim seat and have not given up their claim so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507259", "title": "Isha Sharvani, Zaheer Khan to tie the knot", "text": "They first met in 2005, and ever since, this is one love story that has never ceased to fuel speculation.Now Mumbai Mirror has learnt of an impending wedding from a close friend of the couple, \"Zaheer Khan and Isha Sharvani have decided to tie the knot at the end of March. The wedding is just two-and-a-half months away.\"Soon after India won the World Cup 2011 and Zaheer emerged highest wicket taker of the tournament, his proud parents were insistent on getting him married. And turned out, their wish was his command!\"Recently, their families met and finalised the wedding details. A final decision will be taken when Zaheer returns from the ongoing Australian tour. If they don't marry in March, they will do so in October. But they are keen on March,\" their friend revealed, adding that the reception is slated to be a grand affair, with the Indian cricket team and quite a few B-town personalities on the guest list.In 2005, Isha was performing when the touring Australian team was leaving India, and that's when they met. It wasn't exactly love at first sight but they kept meeting at social dos, till one day, Zaheer proposed. Isha was totally smitten by the cricketer, and they got into a strong relationship for two years till they called it quits in 2007, after which they didn't stay in touch.They got together again in 2010, trying to make things work. Zaheer even bought a new flat in Parel, where Isha moved in; they were planning to tie the knot last year itself. But things went a bit sour although they soon reconciled, deciding this time around that they needed to legalise their relationship. As their friend assures, \"All their friction is a thing of the past. Every couple has their share of ups and downs and this one is no exception. Anyway, its wedding bells for them in March.\" Despite repeated attempts, Isha and Zaheer remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504897", "title": "3 years on, two flyovers still stuck in red tape", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD had launched two ambitious projects - Rani Jhansi and Pankha Road flyovers - with much fanfare. Three years later, these projects are nowhere near completion. The civic agency, however, prefers to pass the buck and says work was stalled due to external delays.The foundation of Rani Jhansi flyover - from Filmistan Cinema to St Stephen's Hospital - was laid in November 2008 and work was to be completed last year. But officials say it would take at least another year for the flyover to be completed. Till now, only 19 pillars have been constructed of the 39 pillars to be set up. \"About 12,300sqm land housing a railway colony has also to be transferred to MCD. To relocate the colony MCD needs land for which we approached DMRC. Once the land is transferred, work will pick up pace. Also, over 150 shops at Azad Market have to be relocated, but it is the Delhi government that has to arrange for an alternate site,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, MCD works committee.The project was pegged at Rs 177 crore, but the cost escalated to Rs 210 crore due to the delays. Raw materials such as RE wall have been lying at the work site for over a year now.The flyover will be 1.8km long and straddle Rani Jhansi Road, Bara Hindu Rao Road, DCM Chowk, Azad Market and Baraf Khana Chowk before touching down at St Stephen's Hospital.\"We will take up the issue with the Delhi government as there is no delay from our side, but due to other civic agencies involved in the project,\" said MCD standing committee chairman, Y Chandolia.The flyover at Pankha Road in Dabri, with ongoing construction at a cost of Rs 109 crore, has also been delayed. The project, started in 2009, was scheduled for completion by September 2011. \"The project got delayed as there was a Delhi Jal Board pipeline and high tension wires that had to be relocated. A market in the area had to be shifted and there was delay in acquiring land. Also, traders launched protests. Work could only be started after land was allotted to them. About 50% work is complete and by September the flyover will be operational,\" said an MCD official.The Pankha Road flyover, connecting areas in west and southwest Delhi, will benefit residents of Janakpuri, Palam, Dwarka and Uttam Nagar. \"For three years, work carried on at a snail's pace. The main Dabri road has been narrowed because of the construction work and it leads to traffic jams during peak hours,\" said I K Gupta, a resident of Janakpuri.Rani Jhansi flyoverLength : 1.8kmWork started: Nov'08Initial Deadline: Early 2011New deadline: early 2013Estimated cost: Rs 177crRevised cost: Rs 210crCause of delay: Land yet to be transferred from railways and 150 shops at Azad Market to be relocatedPankha Road flyoverLength: 1.5kmEstimated cost: Rs 109crWork started: 2009Initial deadline: Sept'11New deadline: Sept'12Cause of delay: Relocation of high tension wires, a DJB pipeline and a market", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510090", "title": "Trishla Jain\u2019s art exhibition in the capital", "text": "Trishla Jain invites you to her pop up art exhibition 'Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies' at 4 Tilak Marg, near India Gate, in Delhi from 16-30 January 2012.Painting is not another leisure vocation for Trishla, it is a spiritual engagement where, as she explains, \"Words are brush strokes and colours breathe.\" A student of English Literature, poetry, psychology and anthropology at Stanford, Trishla returned to her passion of painting after coming back to India. When asked why painting after pursuing English, she answers, \"Painting is writing, sculpture and collage.\" For her, it's movie-making, song writing and chai-chatting all rolled into one. \"It's a grand mess of colour, paper and magic and my husband Satyan often remarks that I resemble a construction worker by the day's end,\" chuckles Trishla.Rohit Bal inaugurates 'That Freshness': Rohit Bal inaugurated my first exhibition, \"That Freshness\" in Delhi. After an hour of mingling, he pulled me aside to a bench, titled \"Happy Seat.\" It was an old thing, covered in antique advertisements for hair balms, matchsticks and such like. In the middle of this antique graying tin collage was an anachronistic post card of a fluorescent fairy that exclaimed, \"So Nice!\" He pointed to this fairy and said, \"This is why I want this bench! Capture this wild spirit. This madness, this random disregard for \"the way things should be.\" Dive into this!\" Rohit's keen observation has defined my work since then: it's madder than the mad hatter now. Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie? Well, that's me.What do colours represent: Speaking about her colour scheme that she employs while painting, Trishla says, \"Colour is like the very breath of painting. They can energize and relax the feel of a painting or part of a painting. It's an ongoing and a subtle dance, unique to each artwork.\"Art and Literature connect: Her connection with literature manifests in her artwork too where she accompanies her paintings by text. \"Literature and the written word are in my blood. I am obsessed with authors like Mark Haddon , Oscar Wilde , Rumi, and Shel Silverstein and beyond. In her exhibitions one can witness how, \"Text infiltrates the canvas and takes over. The truth is, words are like brush strokes for me now,\" she says.Infusing text in painting: Trishla's teaching career made her realise that in an era of technology school students resorted to online summaries to complete their assignments, a trend that disturbed her much. She recounts, \"When I taught English to eighth graders in New York , I found that most of them relied on online summaries to complete their work, rather than actually reading the text themselves. That's when I started employing the technique of \"found texts.\" The student's task was to collect a bank of words and phrases from the five or six texts found in the semester's syllabus. Then, he or she was to create a new text, or \"found poem\" using words and phrases from the assembled word bank and critically analyze the result. \"In many ways, my own works are born from this strategy: they are \"found art pieces,\" she added.Picasso inspires Trishla: In her journey to finding painting as her true calling, one of the influences that encouraged her as an artist was the words of the legendary Picasso who famously said 'Great artists steal'. As such, anything is fair game: song lyrics, vintage sunglasses, or the back of a milk carton or even an old discarded telephone. The art lies in bringing the varying elements together with paint and texture to tell a whole new story, in a whole new way - to unearth the vast tapestry of human consciousness.Trishla's cosmic connection with art: My art is a celebration of the universe's ultimate capacity for joy and laughter. Both the ephemeral wink of the present moment and the depths of cosmic consciousness can be found within the layers of my wacky work. I believe in both Prada and Pranayam, in both The Guru and The G-Spot! From skin to spirituality, it's all in the paint.Art as a conversation with the Self: My art is about going within. It's a conversation with the Self. I really don't have a sense of what art is and what it is not. True, I don't have any formal technical training and I make a lot of mistakes. But these mistakes are markers for out of the box art techniques and personal growth. It is all about being Alice in a Wonderland of paint and raw, untouched canvas - the possibilities are endless.Trishla's big 'Thank You': Meister Eckart said, \"If the only prayer you say in your life is thank you that would suffice.\" One painting of mine is covered with the words Thank You, Thank You, Thank You. I just can't say it enough. My art comes from an utter completeness and a sense of gratitude. The whole universe conspires and paints with me. So, thank you!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504575", "title": "MLC takes up HIV kids' cause", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 20,000 school students in the state have to face social stigma because either they or their family members are infected with HIV-AIDS, according to a city MLC who had decided to take up their cause with the government.NG Ganar, MLC from the Teachers' Constituency, said, \"It is the government's job to help these students and also to frame some strict laws regarding their privacy so that they are not discriminated in school.\"He adds that the statistics regarding students have been sourced from various government reports. \"There have been incidents where students are refused admission, expelled or ostracized within the school campus but very few of them reach the authorities. What we need is a strong law in place which will ensure that the medical history of students or their parents is not disclosed to the school management at all,\" said Ganar.Dr Milind Mane, who has been working with HIV patients for almost two decades, said a distinction has to be made between affected and infected students. \"HIV affected students are those whose parents are or were infected with the virus. This category may also include students who themselves have been infected with HIV. We do not have medical data about how many students in the state, out of the 20,000 affected, are themselves infected. However the National Aids Control Organization (NACO) says that on an average 11 per cent of HIV affected people in the country are infected,\" said Dr. Mane.There is currently no data available on how many HIV affected students are present in Nagpur. But the fact that discrimination in schools happens in the state has been documented by a national level advocacy group. The Centre for Advocacy and Research (CFAR) prepared a dossier on the discrimination related incidents between 2005-2010 in Maharashtra. The dossier mentions that 10 major incidents related to stigma and discrimination in schools occurred during that time period and Nagpur district is one of the regions where these incidents have occurred.A couple of years the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) started a school exclusively for HIV affected students, but was closed down after opposition. Dr. Mane, said, \"The school was started so that these students would feel more comfortable and that would help them concentrate on their studies only. 27 students had enrolled out of which 17 were infected with HIV. Then there was strong opposition by some NGOs and politicians who said that having a separate school similar to discrimination and eventually it was shut down.\"The civic body however denies any political pressure and cites enrolment figures as an issue. Ram Dongarwar, education officer, said, \"Students affected by HIV were chosen from various civic schools and enrolled at this special school located near Indora Chowk. \"However due to low enrolment figures we had to shut it down.\"MLC Ganar plans to raise the issue in the next assembly session and pressurize the government in taking some concrete steps to help HIV affected students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504887", "title": "Societies get corporators to fix premises", "text": "PUNE: A Wanavdi-based housing society recently invited a local corporator to inaugurate a Christmas sale before the election code of conduct came into force. After the event, there was a collective 'request' that he help them fix their internal road. A few days later, trucks rolled in with cement paver blocks to lay some part of the pathway.Housing societies all over Pune have honed enough skills to get their corporators to do their roads, water lines and lights on their premises. Their members are basking in the knowledge that it is now or never, since the civic polls are in February.A resurgent middle class in Pune can make or mar a politician's career. Conversely, when this group stays away from voting, it can affect the quality of candidates representing the citizens in the civic body. A conscious middle-class has always frowned on the 'unethical' practices candidates use to woo slum dwellers on polling day.However, a new trend has emerged in the city with housing societies and its members putting up their 'wish list' to the candidates seeking votes. \"Across the city, societies with rich members want corporators to do their internal roads, lay internal water supply pipelines and provide mercury lights. Many of our corporators want provision of special funds in the civic budget for these works,\" city unit president of a national party said.\"The trend is growing. A society in my locality demanded that I pay the maintenance for a year and ensure that ragpickers do not ask money from society members,\" a Satara Road corporator said.The National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC) president Satish Khot finds this worrisome. \"Candidates are doing work inside housing societies and are promised mass votes. This is misuse of public money as the funds which corporators are spending for individual societies is meant for public works,\" he said.Khot plans to approach the election commission as the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations (BPMC) Act which governs all civic bodies does not allow it or corporators to use public funds for private purposes.Voters justify the means. \"Corporators do not do anything for us for five years. What is wrong if we ask them address out problems. We are not asking to do personal work,\" a Katraj society chairman said.BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"One cannot blame candidates and corporators for ensuring that voters visit polling stations. Societies asking for work to be done comes from this mentality,\"\"As per the law, corporators cannot use their funds for internal works of the society. But then people expect something from corporators,\" said Keshav Ghaisas, chairman of Aboli cooperative housing society. Its members have asked their corporator to construct the protection wall for the society.S S Roy, chairman of Konarkpuram society in Kondhwa, said, \"I feel corporators should at least do some work for societies. We face water supply and garbage cleaning problems. If the corporator could take care of it we would be happy. We do not want the corporator to lay the internal road because the PMC may ask this road to be opened for the public.\"Expensive gifts like paithani saris, television sets, refrigerators, cars, two-wheelers, free trips to Singapore, free insurance policies and even gold necklaces are being offered by sitting corporators and aspirants to woo voters. Weekend outings to nearby tourist spots, CDs of popular films, tea sets, dinner sets and home delivery of pan cards are also on offer.In many wards, candidates are competing about who can spend more on freebies. A Congress aspirant from Katraj recently developed a garden on a society's plot at his own expense. A sitting corporator in Dhanori put up banners offering free insurance policies worth Rs 2 lakh each to voters. She has also dangled the carrot of free air trip to Singapore to society members in locality.A corporator from Kharadi took voters from a housing society on pilgrimages. Another from Kothrud has organised free yoga classes for his middle-class voters and musical programmes in his ward, while an aspirant from Bibvewadi has started free consultancy with the help of an NGO to help women.Calling voters* Voters' apathy, especially among the upper middle class and high income groups, is a cause for concern.* To counter the misfortune where in a democracy a majority of citizens are not exercising their basic rights to go and vote, the state election commission has gone to the extent of allowing polling booths to be set up in housing societies and private institutions with more than 800 voters.* A point in example of voters' apathy is that in the last civic polls, the Rajbhavan ward - comprising the plush localities in and around the Pune University chowk - witnessed the lowest turnout (36%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512183", "title": "Meryl Streep swears in Globes acceptance speech", "text": "Meryl Streep swore while accepting her Best Actress prize at the Golden Globe awardsThe Oscar-winning actress picked up the Best Actress in a Drama prize for her role as Margaret Thatcher in 'The Iron Lady' at the glittering show at the Beverly Hills Hotel , but upon arriving on the stage she realised she had forgotten her glasses and could not read the speech she had prepared.She said: \"Oh s**t. My glasses. I'm going to have to remember my speech. Sometimes it seems that serious, challenging, weird movies are like exotic birds, rare, near extinct birds, and every year the flock flies in and someone picks them up and gives them money and we get to see them. So I just want to thank, my agent and god, Harvey Weinstein. The punisher. Old Testament, I guess.\"Meryl also thanked the \"people of England\" for allowing her to take on the role of the British Prime Minister and insisted she was very \"proud\" of the biopic.She added: \"I gotta thank everybody in England who let me come over and trample all over their history, especially Phyllida Lloyd, Abi Morgan who wrote it. All the cast and crew in England. We made it for 25 cents in five minutes, and I'm so proud of the film.\"Meryl is widely predicted to be nominated for an Oscar for the film - also starring Jim Broadbent as Margaret's husband Dennis Thatcher - which has so far grossed $17 million at the global box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504704", "title": "One held for kidnapping minor", "text": "Dharwad-Karnataka police arrested Rasul Shaikh who had kidnapped a 14-year-old girl from Panaji on January 7. The girl has been rescued and the Panaji police have been informed and a team left for Dharwad on Sunday evening. The father of the 14-year-old girl had complained to the Panaji police that his daughter had been kidnapped by Shaikh in connivance with his mother Halima and brother Hazrat, who are residents of Bhatlem.7 huts at Benaulim gutted, locals suspect foul play: A day after several shops, including a supermarket, caught fire at various places in Benaulim and Colva on Saturday, seven huts were burnt in a fire at Pedda, Benaulim, on Sunday.These incidents of fire have raised suspicion of sabotage as sources pointed out that huts in the same location had caught fire ahead of the last assembly elections too.Police sources pegged the total loss at approximately 1.5 lakh.Restricted water supply to Bardez, Pernem: Due to a power shutdown at the Tivim and Pernem sub-stations, there will be restricted water supply to the entire Bardez and Pernem talukas on January 16, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Temp drops to 17.2 degrees celsius: Sunday morning saw those venturing outside wrapping themselves warmly as temperatures dipping by more than three degrees. The meteorological department recorded a minimum temperature of 17.2 degrees celsius. However, it fell short by just 0.2 degrees celsius of the lowest minimum temperature of the season (after the monsoons).The lowest night temperature, 17.1 degrees celsius, was recorded on January 10. But it rose during the next couple of days and hovered around 19 degrees celsius, but rose to 20.8 degrees celsius on January 14. The temperatures recorded in Panaji vary with the conditions in hinterland areas, as the chill increases in intensity as one goes further away from the coast.POWER SHUTDOWNTaleigao (Jan 16): Between 9.30am and 2pm. Areas to be affected -Vodlem Bhat, Shankarwadi, Cadozo Vaddo, Sailem Bhat, Amaral Vaddo, Sao Paulo, Durgawadi, market and vicinity.Dongrim (Jan 16): Between 9am and 5pm. Dongrim and Dhaktem Bhat will be affected.Azossim (Jan 17): Between 9am and 5pm. Azossim and surrounding areas will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503336", "title": "Parents get a peek of top city schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Sankranti or not, parents trooped in to the Education Times Expo at The Lalit Ashok on Sunday. In fact, the crowd was even bigger than on Saturday; they visited stalls showcasing 20 residential and international schools and what they offered.For Chirag Modi, an IT professional and wife Prachi , what was important was getting their child admitted to an institution right from play school. \"The expo gave me an idea about what's available. There's a lot of talk about international schools. We got a feel of what's on offer. It was informative,'' said Chirag.A well-rounded education was what businessman Arvind Jain and wife Kavita had in mind. \"We want schools that not only dwell in academics but also sports and other activities, so that a child becomes an all-rounder. Also, we want smaller classes so that the child gets attention and hidden talents are recognized.\"Event manager Anup Tarafdar from Electronics City was particular about sending his three-year-old to an international school in the vicinity. \"I don't like the idea of sending her to a school far away. Plus, I want an international school because she'll mix with global students and learn other cultures - I want her to study abroad later.\"Akhil Thard, a businessman from Indiranagar, originally from Assam, was at the expo looking for a \"good school\" for his child. Karen Varghese, a young parent, summed up: \"It was pretty good. I didn't know there were so many residential and international schools in Bangalore. It gave me a peek into what they offer. This expo will help me make an informed choice.''Even at 5.30pm, there were parents coming in. And Education Times continued to receive calls - even from places like Pune and Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505090", "title": "30 objections on draft voters' list in three days", "text": "PUNE: Three days after the draft voters' list was published, 30 citizens have submitted suggestions and objections.In October 2011, the last date for inclusion of names in the list, there were 21.76 lakh voters. Another list was then drafted to include more voters. This draft voters' list was made public in line with the time-table set by the state election commission on January 12.Suggestions and objections can be registered till January 17 and the final list will be published on January 23.\"Most suggestions and objections are related to changes of name, spelling mistakes and other related issues. We have received an average of ten suggestions and objections,\" Vilas Kanade, head of PMC's voters' list cell, told TOI.\"Changes in the names or other technicalities such as deletion or addition of the names in the voters' list is not possible. Right now, only shifting of the names is possible. It means if the name of a voter has gone to a wrong panel (ward), then that name can be shifted to the panel from where he is expected to cast the vote,\" he said.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan in a press meet on Thursday had said that the commission and civic bodies are taking efforts to ensure maximum voter participation. \"This is the first time that the latest voters' list, up-dated about a month before the date of counting, will be used,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11506355", "title": "Bahuroopi\u2019s reach bowls over artistes", "text": "MYSORE: When the drama troupe from Gujarat, Theatre People, arrived at Rangayana, they were spellbound. The troupe was astonished at the zeal of artistes here and number of theatre buffs flocking the fest.This is the first time Gujarati artistes performed in Karnataka presenting two 30-minute plays - Durga and Gruhashanthi, both based on the works of Gujarati writer Umashankar Joshi. The play at premier Bhoomigeetha, a closed theatre at Rangayana, got good response from the audience.Prathik Shukla, an artiste attached to the troupe said: \"I have never seen such stage arrangements anywhere in the country.\"The theatre troupe, which has been staging plays since a decade, have learnt their lessons well: Theatre depends on youth involvement and they need to attract youth towards theatre.Viral Rachh, a Gujarati artiste, said: \"To attract youths, we have reworked on the plays using English for those who converse in that language. We will perform western style dances. We have to go along with current trends by giving a modern touch to these plays, which are based on legendary writers' works.\"Gujarati television actress Aarti Malkan, said, \"This is a platform to witness, hear and learn. This will help artistes to grow and flourish in theatre.\" Appreciating the support of Karnataka and Gujarat governments towards theatre activities, she said, he has never seen anything like Rangayana. \"The infrastructure available here is not to be seen anywhere in the country. For the past few years Gujarati plays have managed to attract huge crowds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi/azamgarh", "code": "11513781", "title": "Priyanka, Rahul intensify UP campaign; Akhilesh bats for Mulayam as CM", "text": "NEW DELHI/AZAMGARH: Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Vadra, the Congress' star campaigners, have intensified their public contact programmes in different parts of Uttar Pradesh as the election dates draw near in the politically crucial state.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress President Sonia Gandhi's tour programmes are yet to be finalised but a senior leader in the party said both leaders will be addressing at least one election rally in each of the seven phases starting from March 3.While Priyanka today reached Fursatganj on a three-day tour of Chattrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar and Rae Bareli, Rahul will begin his tour of Bundelkhand region from tomorrow.The AICC general secretary will also address a tribal rally in Sonebhdadra this week.Priyanka's three-day tour will be confined only to the Assembly segments falling in the Parliamentary constituencies of Sonia and Rahul Gandhi --- Raebareli and Amethi -- for the time being.There are 10 assembly constituencies in Raebareli and Amethi of which seven are represented by Congress. Priyanka Gandhi will again coming on Amethi tour from February 2.Party sources say while Rahul is on a whirl wind tour of the state spelling out party's policy and programmes to electorates, Priyanka's current tour is more related to rejuvenating the party workers and taking stock. Her public campaigns will start a few days later.Rahul's campaign this week focuses on Bundelkhand which has a sizable tribal population, for which the central government had announced a development package at his initiative last year.He would start his campaign from Lalitpur tomorrow and then travel to and other districts before addressing a public meeting in Duddhi,Sonbhadra district, on January 21.Akhilesh says Mulayam would be CM if SP is voted to powerAzamgarh (UP), Jan 16 (PTI) Samajwadi Party state President Akhilesh Yadav today said if his party succeeded in forming the next government SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav would become the Chief Minister.\"Mulayam Singh is the first choice of party MLAs, MPs and senior party office bearers. He has experience of running the government and he will be the CM, if party is voted to power\", Akhilesh said in reply to a question.Asked about the absence of film stars in the party's campaign in the coming elections, Akhilesh said party leaders and workers were not less than stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504418", "title": "Mira Road teen selected for Jan 26 parade", "text": "MUMBAI: A 16-year-old NCC cadet from Mira Road is among the 13 students from Maharashtra to be selected for the Republic Day Parade to be held in New Delhi.Jyoti Mayal, a first-year BMM student of Abhinav College in Bhayander (E), is currently undergoing training for the parade in Delhi. Jyoti, who is the only student from Thane district to find a place in the final contingent, has been training at Khalsa College in Matunga for the last six months. She was picked for the parade after she won the best cadet trophy at an NCC cadet meet held at Aurangabad .A resident of Hatkesh in Mira Road, Jyoti aspires to be a police officer, said her father, Ratan, who is excited at the prospect of witnessing the parade in New Delhi. The parade of the armed forces, police contingents, home guards, civil defence and NCC begins from Rashtrapati Bhavan, goes down Rajpath and finally enters the historic Red Fort.Mumbai: A 16-year-old NCC cadet from Mira Road is among the 13 students from Maharashtra to be selected for the Republic Day Parade to be held in New Delhi on January 26.Jyoti Mayal, a first year Bachelor of Mass Media (BMM) student of the Abhinav College in Bhayander (east) is currently undergoing training for the parade at Delhi, the headquarters of the National Cadet Corps (NCC).Jyoti, who is the only student from Thane district to find a place in the final contingent for the R-Day parade, had been training at Khalsa College, Matunga for the last six months. She got selected for the parade after she won the best cadet trophy at the NCC cadets meet at Aurangabad recently. The other 12 NCC students selected for the parade are different parts of Maharashtra.A resident of Hatkesh in Mira Road, Jyoti aspires to be a police officer, informed her father Ratan, who is excited about witnessing the parade in New Delhi. The parade of the armed forces, police contingents, home guards, civil defence and NCC begins from Rashtrapati Bhavan through Rajpath and finally enters the historic Red Fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11511933", "title": "Pak PM Gilani holds meeting with Zardari and coalition leaders after SC order", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Monday held back-to-back meetings with President Asif Ali Zardari and the top leaders of the country's ruling coalition ahead of a crucial Parliament session.The Parliament is set to vote on a resolution aimed at bolstering the civilian leadership amidst a row with the powerful military.Shortly after the Supreme Court issued a notice for contempt of court against Gilani for failing to reopen graft cases against Zardari, the premier called on the president and discussed the \"current situation\", a spokesman said.Gilani then chaired a meeting of the parliamentary committee of the partners of the ruling Pakistan People's Party.Zardari too joined the meeting held at the Prime Minister's House.Top leaders of the parties in the ruling coalition took stock of the apex court's order and discussed their strategy for the parliamentary session to be held this evening.The session of the National Assembly or lower house of parliament will vote on a resolution moved by the Awami National Party , a junior coalition partner, that seeks endorsement and support for \"efforts made by the political leadership for strengthening democracy\" and calls for reposing \"full confidence and trust\" in the leadership.The resolution was moved in parliament on Friday against the backdrop of a confrontation between the civilian government and the powerful military over an alleged memo that had sought US help to prevent a feared military takeover in Pakistan after the killing of Osama bin Laden last year.The Supreme Court accepted the military's request to order a probe into the memo scandal and appointed a judicial commission to conduct an investigation within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509904", "title": "Is it a good idea to buy a camera from abroad?", "text": "I'm looking for a good DSLR kit (with lens) within 32,000. Should I buy Nikon or Canon? Which is the brand that most people use? Do I need to buy a high speed memory card with it? Which one? Finally, is it a good idea to buy from abroad if the camera is cheaper?- Rahul DalviThere are good options available from both Nikon and Canon within your price range - namely, Nikon's D3100 and Canon's 1100D. The basic kit with both options includes an 18-55 mm lens with image stabilisation, camera bag, battery, charger and 4GB memory card.The Nikon has slightly better specs on paper - 11 AF points vs 9 on the Canon, 3-inch LCD vs 2.7-inch on the Canon and full HD video recording vs 720p HD video on the Canon. But you still need to try them both out and choose one that feels right to you. A good quality memory card is included , but if you need another one later, it's a good idea to buy a high-speed card like a Sandisk Ultra or Extreme - they don't cost too much more than the standard versions.Finally, buying abroad is risky because warranty will not be valid. In any case, there won't be much difference in price for entry-level DSLRs.I have a 22-inch LCD which has a USB port for multimedia playback, but every time I plug in the USB drive, it's not recognised. Are there any special settings on the TV or is there some other issue?- Aditya KashyapFirst check that the flash drive is working properly by plugging it into a computer (or by trying another flash drive on the TV). If it's working fine, we can move to the next step.Most TVs with USB ports only support flash drives formatted in the FAT32 format. This is the most likely issue. To check, plug the flash drive into a computer - right click on the drive's icon in My Computer and click Properties. If the drive says NTFS, you will need to copy the data from the flash drive to the computer first and format it as a FAT32 drive.To do this, right click on the drive's icon and click Format (or use a free utility called Fat32Format). After the format, you can copy the data back. Finally, check the TV's user manual to see what file formats it supports for USB playback - most likely JPEG photos, MP3 audio and AVI video is supported - so make sure that the files you want to play back are in these formats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504706", "title": "House burgled in Sec 49", "text": "Thieves decamped gold ornaments, including 3 chains, 2 pairs of earrings, 8 rings, one bangle, two diamonds and Rs 30,000 in cash from a house in Sector 49 on Saturday night.The house owner Usha Kumari said the thieves broke the main door locks to gain entry into the house. A case was registered at police station in Sector 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504760", "title": "Election fever heats up weather in Satpur", "text": "NASHIK: As poll fever heats up the chilly winter season, Nashikites are gearing up to elect their representatives to the civic body. Residents of Satpur Colony also seem to be making up their minds about their poll choices. Situated beside the industrial area, Satpur Colony and the area around it is predominantly a workers' locality. The civic facilities available in the area are strictly basic.Local resident Ravi Mahale said, \"Given the set-up of the area, there does not appear to be any scope for further development. The roads are asphalted, water supply is not an issue, there are three gardens in the ward and the municipal corporation's hospital also takes basic care of citizens' health needs.\"However, Ashok Bodke, who lost the last civic election to Ashok Gavli, said, \"People are not forthcoming when it comes to speaking about the sitting corporator. For the residents, whatever has been made available to them is fine with them, when there is immense scope for improvement in the area. People residing in the area do not have any issues with regards to water supply, when the fact is that some residents have dug pits in front of their houses to install taps deep beneath the surface to get water supply. Further, with the exception of private wedding halls, there is no place in the locality where 500 people can come together for a function or a wedding ceremony, especially if the family organizing the function is not so well-to-do. Good roads, water, electricity and streetlights are the basic things a municipal corporation has to provide to tax-paying citizens. No effort is done to improve the lifestyle of the people here. Gardens, community halls, libraries: all have been set up for namesake.\"While Bodke may be talking about different issues since he is contesting the election, one can also see heaps of garbage lying in different parts of the colony, though some citizens say that the vehicle to pick up garbage comes regularly. Electric wires are found dangling dangerously from poles near the windows of houses at most places. Between 1 and 3pm, there are no buses to the city for the benefit of school and college-going students. According to some residents, a police chowkie is also needed in the area considering the rising cases of hooliganism.Resident Prakash Ahire said that schooling is an important issue. \"While there are a few Marathi medium schools near the colony, those who want impart education to their wards in English have no other option than to admit them in schools not less than six to seven km away. If services at the municipal corporation hospital in the colony are improved, the dependency on private clinics will also come down.\" Resident Ramesh Jadhav listed the stray dog menace, mosquitoes, and power cuts on Saturdays as some of the problems with the locality.A tough contest is on the cards in the area for the upcoming polls. Shiv Sena leader Ashok Gavli has been a political veteran in the area for the past 20 years. Gavli having won the civic election on four occasions consecutively, this time it would be interesting to watch him battle it out with his opponents, given that he won the last election by a slim margin. Among his major opponents is Salim Shaikh, who is likely to get a ticket from the MNS, and Ashok Bodke, who may get a ticket from the NCP. While Gavli supporters are confident about his victory, those from the opposition remind him of his promise five years ago, when he said he would not contest elections again.Ashok Bodke claimed Gavli won the last election by a margin of 117, despite getting sympathy votes as his father expired 10 days before the polls and his mother five days before. Rajendra Nagre, who defeated Salim Shaikh by 400 votes, would be contesting the election from the other ward. Voters from the colony will have to elect two corporators: while one seat is reserved for a woman candidate, the other is open for Other Backward Classes (OBC) candidates.This is the first of a series on civic affairs ahead of the NMC elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505032", "title": "Nobel laureates interact with students", "text": "PUNE: The Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) and the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) jointly organised the 'Inspire camp' for first year junior college students at the NCL auditorium on Thursday. It is an initiative of the Department of Science and Technology (DST). The event was inaugurated on Thursday and continued till Saturday.The highlight of the event was the presence of Nobel laureates Venki Ramakrishnan and Michael Bishop , who shared their experiences in science and how their association with the subject helped them win the honour.Registrar of IISER V S Rao said, \"The workshop was arranged to develop excitement among students for science faculty by way of inspiring talks from Nobel laureates. The students have been given information on careers and opportunities in science from std X to PhD.\"They were also introduced to several government schemes that promote science among students.A total of 130 students from the city and nearby areas participated in the workshop. Apart from this, a workshop was also conducted for biology teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504849", "title": "Nashik First uses Gandhigiri for road safety", "text": "NASHIK: Sporting placards of 'Safety First, No Cellphone Use While Driving', 'Wear Hardware (helmet), Protect Software (brain)' and 'Stop Behind Zebra Stripes' Nashik First members tried to inculcate road discipline among drivers through Gandhigiri, on the occasion of the Makar Sankranti festival on Sunday.Nashik First is a pressure group working for improving the quality of life of the citizens of Nashik.The programme was held at the Babubhai Rathi signal on Trimabak Road. Present on the occasion were police inspector Ashok Karpe and other traffic cops.Shedding light on the initiative's importance, Nashik First chairman Abhay Kulkarni said around 2.5 lakh people have driving licences, but there were only 180 traffic cops to manage them. Considering this, instead of blaming the police, if all observe road discipline, the dream of a safe and disciplined Nashik can certainly be realized, he said.Kulkarni said the programme was a huge succ-ess and most of the 4,000 drivers who passed by during the one-and-a-half hour programme were convin-ced with the idea of road discipline.Nashik First members said they would take up the programme regularly in various areas of the city and appealed to people to participate in maximum numbers.The city police congratulated the Nashik First members for the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "11505582", "title": "Bhanwari\u2019s son to get job, daughters 4 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: The state government on Sunday announced a \"rehabilitation\" package for the three children of Bhanwari Devi, the government nurse, who was killed on September 1 last year allegedly at the behest of politicians. The government announced a job for Bhanwari's eldest son Sahil (18) and Rs 2 lakh each for the two daughters-Ashwin (15) and Gungun (5).\"The government shall open bank accounts in the name of the two daughters to deposit the amounts announced for them,\" said an official.The family at present is surviving on a meagre pension of what their grandmother Pooni Devi is entitled to. \"The district administration has already initiated the process of giving them a package as per the entitlement under the SC/ ST provisions and other schemes of the state government and accelerating the process of finalizing the pension of Bhanwari Devi,\" collector, Jodhpur, Siddharth Mahajan told TOI.The last time Bhanwari had attended her office was on August 24 last year. Since then, there was a confusion regarding her whereabouts until the CBI confirmed her death in the Rajasthan High Court on January 10.Her son Sahil will now be entitled for the job in the Medical &amp; Health department on compassionate grounds in lieu of his mother's job. Sahil said that chief medical and health officer called him three days ago and intimated him about this process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504821", "title": "Politicos stripped of excess security", "text": "PANAJI: Upon instructions from the election commission (EC), the police department has ordered the withdrawal of excess police security being given to ministers and MLAs.The police on Saturday withdrew 19 policemen posted with health minister Vishwajit Rane on security duty. The Goa police security review committee that examines the threat perception to politicians with the help of inputs from the intelligence bureau and home department had given Rane 'Y' category security according to which he should be given two police security officers (PSOs). Rane, however, has 23 policemen guarding him, when VIPs with 'Z' category security are given 14 personnel.Chief minister Digambar Kamat, who has 'Z' plus category has the maximum number of security officers-58. The number of cops with home minister Ravi Naik and speaker Pratapsingh Rane, who have also been given 'Z' plus security, are 25 and 35 respectively, though as per rules, a person with 'Z' plus security is allocated 30 policemen.Though the security review committee examines threat perception to politicians, most politicians manage to get protection based on the strength of their political clout.DGP Kishan Kumar has been told to inform the EC by Monday the type of security category allotted to ministers and MLAs and the total number of policemen escorting them. Also, the commission has sought to know how much excess staff has been withdrawn after the code of conduct came into existence and if the staff was not withdrawn, the reasons for the same.\"EC has also asked for log books of the jeeps that were being used as escort jeeps by politicians from January 24,\" said sources.On Saturday, the EC had ordered the withdrawal of two police vehicles being used by the health minister.The election officials were acting on a complaint filed by social activist Aires Rodrigues alleging misuse of police vehicles by the minister.Rodrigues said that while one police escort jeep was stationed at Kamat Kinara, Miramar, where the minister owns a flat, the other jeep was being used by Rane at his Dona Paula bungalow.By Sunday evening, excess security was withdrawn from Trinamool Congress leader Wilfred de Souza, Congress leaders Pandurang Madkaikar and Dayanand Narvekar, Goa Vikas Party leader Francisco 'Miccky' Pacheco, NRI commissioner Eduardo Faleiro and public prosecutors Carlos Ferreira and Sarojini Sardinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11505184", "title": "Liquor vends in UP border areas", "text": "NOIDA: As UP goes to the polls, the Noida Police has demanded the closure of all liquor outlets for two days (February 27-28) in those areas of Haryana and Delhi that adjoin the border of Uttar Pradesh. The police have also demanded that a strict vigil be kept on these border areas, as illegal liquor, weapons and cash are supplied in large quantities to areas in western UP. This proposal is likely to be passed on Monday in a meeting which is scheduled to be held among the top brass of the UP administration - including the Election Commissioner of UP, UP Police DGP and home secretary - to finalise poll-related security measures.Keeping the upcoming polls in mind, the government and UP election commission had asked all district administration and police chiefs to submit their demands regarding conducting crime free polls in UP. Despite strict directions by the Election Commission to ensure a money and violence-free election, the supply of liquor, weapons and cash being distributed among voters on large scale has already begun.As part of a drive to check the flow of illegal money during the Assembly elections, the UP Police has so far recovered Rs 23 crore of unaccounted cash from different places in Uttar Pradesh. As many as 175 FIRs relating to violation of the model code of conduct have been lodged across the state.In the latest expose of poll strategies deployed by politicians in the state to woo voters, the UP police recently seized 3,000 bottles of liquor in boxes meant to carry school shoes. The police have said they expect more such attempts in the run up to the elections. However, patrolling and random searches will be stepped up, they said. Seizure of unaccounted money and illegal liquor has surged in Uttar Pradesh in the run up to the Assembly elections, with over Rs 27 crore having been seized till date.Many politicians in the state have openly promised cheap liquor and free-for-all firearm licences if voted to power in the assembly election.Speaking to TOI DIG Jyoti Narayan said that for Noida police illegal supply of liquor weapons from Haryana is a big headache during the election season. \"The police have recovered large quantity of liquor made in Haryana as liquor in Haryana is quite cheap. We have sent a proposal to UP police headquarter in run up of UP elections. We have demanded closure of all liquor outlets for two days in areas of Haryana and Delhi adjoining the border of Uttar Pradesh on February 27-28,\" Narayan said.\"We have categorized are demands in two phase one is pre polls and second is during poll or on the day of poll. In our pre polls demand, we have demanded to seek some help from neighbouring states to control illegal supply of liquor, stolen vehicles and introduce some check post in association with UP police. we have given a list of check posts also,\" Narayan added that the police have also demanded to prohibit visit of political leaders and outstation vehicles on the day of election in Noida.The UP police have already seized licensed weapons in run up of election and also demanded neighbouring police to seize licensed weapons atleast a day before election in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11503262", "title": "Bangladesh to open new raillink to Bhutan, Nepal", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision, Bangladesh has decided to open Chilahati-Haldibari rail link latest by December 2012 for easier connectivity with Bhutan and Nepal through India. This route is likely to be the fifth route agreed upon as transit points between these two neighbouring countries.According to a Railway Board official, Hashimara station in India is hardly 182-km away from Bangladesh's Chilahati station. Incidentally, Hashimara station is located on Bhutan border as well. Passengers can reach Hashimara in about three hours through the proposed Chilahati-Haldibari route, he said. According to him, Jogbani station in India is located only 40-km away from Haldibari and about 52-km away from Bangladesh's Chilahati. The proposed rail link could facilitate passengers from Jogbani bordering Nepal to pass through New Jalpaiguri and Katihar route as well, he said.Incidentally, the two countries already have four other railway transit points between them: Rahanpur (Chapainawabganj)-Singhabad, Birol (Dinajpur)-Radhikapur, Darsana (Kushtia)-Gede and Kulaura (Moulvibazar)-Mahishashan.The opening of the rail link between Chilahati and Haldibari will be a revival of old rail link which was operational till 1965, sources said and added the transit route connecting India and Bangladesh was abandoned following the Indo-Pak war in 1965. According to the Board official, railway ministry has asked the Bangladesh rail authority to provide a detailed plan so that the new rail link could be thrown open in the larger interest of people of both the countries. Railways has also sought the time frame in which Bangladesh wants to complete the work of opening the new rail link with India, he said.According to sources, Bangladesh railways will have to construct about 7.5-km new rail lines from Chilahati to reach the border while Indian Railways will have to build 4.5-km new track from its border to Haldibari station.It may be recalled that both the countries had inked a pact last year during Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina's visit to the country for opening new rail links with Bangladesh for cultural exchange and various activities between the two countries, sources said. Though the joint declaration between the two countries did not mention this particular route, they later realized that opening of this route would facilitate movement of people from both the countries as well trade and commerce, sources said and added the proposed route would revive easy regional connectivity among members of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510739", "title": "Lola Kutty is not directing London, Paris, New York: Aditi Rao", "text": "Aditi Rao Hydari clarifies it is a different Anu Menon, who is directing London, Paris , New York .\"A lot of people are under the impression it is Lola (Kutty). Anu has a background in advertising and she has also made some short films that have screened at major film festivals,\" says Aditi. Prod her about being tagged as the face to watch out for and she says, \"I am very new to be counted as a part of the industry.People are very professional, speak very warmly. Though I am sure there is an inherent competitive spirit and everybody wants to get into that space, where very few people can. But you can't compete with anybody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504143", "title": "Versova woman recovering", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman, who had attempted suicide by jumping off a Versova building in the same manner in which her friend had ended his life a few days before her, is showing signs of recovery.\"She was taken off the ventilator on Saturday and is recovering. When she feels better and is in a position to speak,our men will record her statement,\" the police said. senior inspector Vijaykumar Bhoite of DN Nagar police station said.The woman had jumped from her parents' fourth-floor flat at Versova on Wednesday. She was rushed to a private hospital in Andheri where she was operated upon on Thursday and put on a ventilator.The woman was married but was living separately from her husband. She was in a relationship with Vishal Gambhir, the vice-president of an international bank, who leapt to his death from the 18th floor of Goregaon highrise on Monday. The woman was present in Gambhir's flat when he committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11516250", "title": "Gilani wins trust vote in Parliament, says will appear before court on Jan 19", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Monday called on the military and judiciary to defend democracy and not to \"pack up the system\" as Pakistan's beleaguered government got a morale booster when parliament passed a pro-democracy resolution.Speaking in the National Assembly or lower house of parliament after the resolution was passed by a two-thirds majority in the 342-member House, Gilani said his government may have differences of opinion with the judiciary and military but both institutions must play their role in defending democracy.As members of the treasury benches thumped their desks, Gilani said the military and judiciary cannot \"pack up the system\" or derail it.His remarks came against the backdrop of the government's confrontation with the military and the judiciary over the memo scandal and the reopening of high-profile graft cases.The parliament convened to vote on the pro-democracy resolution that was introduced by a junior partner of the ruling Pakistan People's Party (PPP) hours after the Supreme Court issued a notice for contempt of court to Gilani for failing to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .Gilani told the House that he would appear before the court on January 19 as he respected the judiciary.\"We have always respected the courts. The court has called me and in respect to the court, I will go on January 19 and appear before (the judges),\" he announced.A defiant Gilani said the ruling coalition had not approached parliament with the pro-democracy resolution because it felt the government was facing a threat.\"We did not come (to parliament) under threat, we did not come to get a vote of confidence, we have not come against any institution nor are we against any institution,\" he said.Pakistan's apex court has been pressuring the government to reopen graft cases against Zardari and 8,000 other people since it struck down the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO), a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf , in December 2009.The government has refused to act against Zardari, saying he enjoys immunity from prosecution under the Constitution.During his speech, Gilani took a swipe at his government's detractors for not seeking any action against the \"architect\" of the NRO.Without naming Musharraf, he said, \"Who made the NRO? We didn't make this mistake. Those who made the NRO are outside (the country) and everyone else inside is being held accountable.\"\"Who are the architects of NRO? This House wants to know if we are being punished for it while the architect of the NRO is saying Pakistan is remembering and making plans to come back,\" he said, in a reference to Musharraf's plans to return from self-exile later this month.The government had convened the special session of parliament to take up the pro-democracy resolution and send out a message that democracy in Pakistan was stable, Gilani said.\"We wanted to send a message to the world that here is a responsible parliament, which is sovereign and supreme,\" he added.Earlier in the day, the PPP's coalition partners reposed full confidence in Gilani and decided that he would appear in the Supreme Court to face the contempt notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505259", "title": "PCMB syllabus of class 12 upgraded", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has upgraded the syllabus for physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology according to the core syllabus prepared by the Council of Boards of School Education in India (COBSE). The idea is to prepare junior college students for competitive examinations.The upgraded syllabus for standard XII will be implemented from 2012-13 academic year for students of science faculty. The board has begun printing the textbooks as per the upgraded syllabus. A similar effort was undertaken for standard XI students, last year.Shahaji Dhekne, secretary of the board said the curriculum can be compared to international standards. \"It will be useful for students in Maharashtra for competitive examinations. All units are divided into two years (standard XI and XII) for students. Continuity in the curriculum has been maintained in standards XI and XII,\" he added.The board has begun implementing the upgraded syllabus for standard XI and the annual examination will have question papers based on the upgraded syllabus. \"A circular has been sent to junior colleges in the state. Some topics have been added to the syllabus while some have been omitted,\" he said.The upgraded syllabus has emphasised the usage of international system units, symbols, nomenclature of physical quantities and formulations often a part of the competitive examinations. The board has tried to reduce the curriculum load by eliminating some overlapping topics or concepts. The syllabus upgradation has incorporated topics that will enhance the problem-solving abilities.Dhekne said that the upgraded syllabus will help develop processing skills and experimental, observational, manipulative and decision making among students. It will also enhance creative thinking among students. Chemistry syllabus will help students meet the challenges courses like medicine, engineering, technology, after standard XII. The new topics in chemistry are related to health, nutrition, environment, population, weather, industries and agriculture.Environmental chemistry will include chemical reactions in atmosphere , smog, major atmospheric pollutants, acid rain, ozone and its reactions, effects of depletion of ozone layer, green house effect and global warming. Pollution due to industrial wastes, green chemistry as an alternative tool for reducing pollution, strategy for control of environmental pollution are also some of the newly included topics.In biology, ecology and environment have been added to botany and zoology sections under which biodiversity and its conservation, national parks and sanctuaries, endangered organisms and red-data book have been included. The upgraded syllabus can be seen on the board's website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11512217", "title": "Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani offers to resign after SC contempt notice", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Monday offered to resign shortly after the Supreme Court served him a notice for contempt of court for failing to reopen graft cases against the President, according to a media report.Gilani told a meeting of top leaders of the Pakistan People's Party and its partners in the ruling coalition that he was ready to quit if the step strengthened the government and parliament, ARY news channel quoted its sources as saying.PPP leader Qamar Zaman Kaira, Religious Affairs Minister Khursheed Shah and Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi of the PML-Q, a key partner in the coalition, were being considered as possible replacements for Gilani in the event of his resignation.Gilani convened the meeting of the PPP and its allies hours ahead of a crucial session of parliament that will vote on a resolution to shore up the civilian government.President Asif Ali Zardari too joined the meeting.Other sources told PTI that the PPP's top leadership had discussed the premier's resignation as a possible measure to ease the government's standoff with the judiciary and the military.The judiciary has been pressuring the government to reopen cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari since December 2009, when it struck down a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .The apex court has also accepted the military's request for ordering a probe into the alleged memo that had sought US help to stave off a possible coup in Pakistan after the killing of Osama bin Laden in May last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510946", "title": "Viveik Oberoi loves Tanvi Vyas\u2019s smile!", "text": "Recently, Tanvi Vyas, Femina Miss India Earth 2008 winner, did a print ad, where she worked with Viveik Oberoi.Talking of the experience, the Vadodara girl shares, \"I had met Viveik once at the Mumbai airport while I was in school. When I told him about the incident, he instantly remembered it. While shooting, he shared his entire love story with me and told me a lot of lovely things about his wife. He also complimented me, saying that the mole on my lips makes me look very pretty when I smile. I also loved meeting Suresh Oberoi, who is very humble and an amazing human being.\"After what she terms as \"a boring and slow 2010 and a slightly better 2011\", Tanvi Vyas wants this year to be a happening one for her. Her Tamil film Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhai (How you came into my heart), which marks her big-screen debut, is all set for release in the near future, and Tanvi is eagerly waiting for the same. \"All those who have seen the film till now have heaped praise on it, which makes me feel very optimistic about the box-office outcome.While it is a love story, there are quite a few twists and turns and the fact that all the characters have grey shades to them makes it a very interesting film indeed. Once this film releases, I think it will make a huge difference to my career and I will sign new projects only after that. I have been in talks with a few producers and directors, both down South and in Mumbai, but it will take a while for something substantial to materialize,\" says Tanvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11504632", "title": "Leaders demand forensic test of registrar's signs", "text": "WARDHA: The different signatures issue of Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University (MGHIU) registrar Kailash Khamre took a new turn with local political leaders demanding a forensic test to prove the legitimacy.Addressing a press conference Nationalist Congress Party leader Pradeep Wankhede and Vidarbha general secretary of RPI (A) Ashok Meshram demanded forensic test of the signatures of the registrar, whose different signatures appeared in the official documents of the university.Two FIRs - one by the university registrar against the ex-student of the university Sanjeev Chandan was registered on January 5 and the another by PhD scholar Rajeev Suman against the vice-chancellor VN Rai, registrar Khamre, deputy registrar Kadar Nawaj Khan and examination in-charge KK Tripathi was registered on January 10.Wankhede and Meshram asked why the police became hyper active in the FIR against Chandan but didn't do anything with regard to the FIR filed by Suman.NCP leader Wankhede even on to say that vice-chancellors should not be appointed from police service.Meshram said, \"The students were requesting the authorities to look into the matter of threatening by Rai and a local police officer. The FIR against Chandnan has been lodged in the same nerve.''Sanjeev and Rajiv's first letter to the president of India in this regard was sent on October 2010 while the latest was sent in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505096", "title": "Zakia Jafri moves SC in Gulbarg Society case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zakia Jafri, wife of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, who was killed in the Gulbarg Society massacre of 2002, has moved the Supreme Court. Accusing the Special Investigation Team of inaction, Jafri has moved an application seeking the SC to direct the team to submit its report within 30 days. The R K Raghavan-led SIT has been probing the 2002 riots, including the killing of the former Congress MP.\"The application was filed on December 15, 2011, in which Jafri and others requested the court to direct SIT to submit the report before the Ahmedabad court as ordered by the SC,\" said advocate Aparna Bhat, who filed the application for Jafri.In September last year, the SC had refrained from passing any order on an earlier petition filed by Jafri seeking Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's prosecution in the 2002 riots. The court had then directed the SIT to submit its final report on the complaint before a lower court in Ahmedabad.The application filed in December last year said, \"It is close to three months since the passing of the judgment by this court but there have been no steps taken by the SIT to the knowledge of the petitioners. The petitioners are anxious about the steps the SIT is planning to take in the matter as there have been varied newspaper reports which indicate that the SIT may actually file a closure report.\"The application further adds, 'One of the key witnesses in a connected trial [Naroda Patiya] was recently murdered and the petitioners believe it was in connection with the present complaint, as he would in all likelihood have been a key witness in the present case and the SIT had recorded his statement as well. Following the suspicious circumstances under which he was killed, the applicants have assisted eyewitnesses/survivors - anxious about the status of evidence in the Naroda Patiya and related cases, as also their own safety to make specific applications, vis-a-vis protection, to the SIT.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11506196", "title": "UP to EC: Shut liquor vends in Delhi, Haryana", "text": "NOIDA: As UP goes to the polls, the Noida Police has demanded the closure of all liquor outlets for two days (February 27-28) in those areas of Haryana and Delhi that adjoin the border of Uttar Pradesh. The police have also demanded that a strict vigil be kept on these border areas as illegal liquor, weapons and cash are supplied in large quantities to areas in western UP. This proposal is likely to be passed on Monday in a meeting which is scheduled to be held among the top brass of the UP administration - including the Election Commissioner of UP, UP Police DGP and home secretary - to finalise poll-related security measures.Keeping elections in mind, the government and UP Election Commission had asked all district administration and police chiefs to submit their demands regarding conducting crime-free polls in UP.Despite strict directions by the Election Commission to ensure a money and violence-free election, the supply of liquor, weapons and cash being distributed among voters on large scale has already begun. As part of a drive to check the flow of illegal money during the Assembly elections, the UP Police has so far recovered Rs 23 crore of unaccounted cash from different places in Uttar Pradesh. As many as 175 FIRs relating to violation of the model code of conduct have been lodged across the state.Speaking to TOI, DIG Jyoti Narayan said that the illegal supply of liquor and weapons from Haryana is a big headache for the Noida Police during the election season. \"The police have recovered a large quantity of liquor made in Haryana as it is quite cheap. We have sent a proposal to the UP Police headquarter in a run up to the UP elections demanding the closure of all liquor outlets for two days, February 27-28, in those areas of Haryana and Delhi that adjoin the border of Uttar Pradesh \" Narayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511998", "title": "Sarkunam finds a title!", "text": "Director Sarkunam, who made the critically-acclaimed Kalavani and Vaagai Sooda Vaa, is now currently working on two projects which he will direct in the coming months.One of these films will be a bilingual in Tamil and Telugu and will be produced by noted producer Kalaipuli S Thanu. The untitled film is said to be a commercial action thriller and we hear that the director is currently looking at heroes who are popular in both Kollywood and Tollywood to be cast as the lead in the film.Meanwhile, the director has finalized the title of his other film, which will be produced by Amma Creations' T Siva, who earlier produced Vebkat Prabhu's Saroja. A romantic film with a slice of humor, the film has been titled Kovathai Alli Konjugiren. sarkunam is currently finalizing the cast for this film as well and he is expected to reveal the details on the cast and crew after Pongal.Despite the love for Vaagai Sooda Vaa, which was praised by critics and loved by the public, the film was not a hit at the box-office. Luckily, it looks like the gifted filmmaker has found producers who appreciate his talents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11513548", "title": "Sanjay Dutt takes on Akshay Kumar?", "text": "Actor Sanjay Dutt seems to have beat Akshay Kumar at his dream project...It can be remembered that Akshay Kumar, who has been an action hero for the longest time now, and a die-hard fitness enthusiast, was keen to start a school promoting such sports as martial arts, karate and the likes. However, the actor faced some realty issues and the plan remains on the back burner.In the meanwhile, Sanjay Dutt has managed to partner with Raj Kundra , Shilpa Shetty's hubby, for a similar sports project currently called the Super Fight League, that will coach people in taekwondo, and other forms of martial arts and even hold competitions at the domestic and international levels.Of course, it wouldn't be right for Akshay to involve himself with the venture in anyway given that he dated Shilpa Shetty once. However, the actor, we hear, will continue to promote sport and fitness in his own capacity, and his sporty dream of building a school will be on-going till he makes it happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504772", "title": "Double anti-incumbency will help BJP, says Arun Jaitley", "text": "PANAJI: Mega-scams of the Congress party at the state and Centre, the Congress government efforts to bring in a \"weak and phony LokPal bill\" and double anti-incumbency at the state and Centre will help the BJP to regain power in the Goa assembly elections, said BJP's Rajya Sabha opposition leader Arun Jaitley on Sunday.Jaitley is in Goa to launch the state BJP's 'Jan Sampark Abhiyan' from Monday. In an interaction with mediapersons, he, however, declined to answer two important questions: who is the BJP's chief ministerial candidate and whether North Goa Lok Sabha MP Shripad Naik will be allowed to re-enter state politics. He said the BJP will decide on these issues within a short time.When asked why the BJP was trying for woo the MGP which was a coalition partner of the Congress when he accused the Congress-led government of corruption, Jaitley said, \"Re-polarization of political forces in not unheard of. And if such re-polarization is used to end a corrupt regime, it is a perfectly legitimate strategy.\"Jaitley said he was glad that many members of the minorities were joining the BJP. \"The minorities have realized that there is a need to come out of the crisis which the Congress has got us into. We welcome the minorities into our party,\" he said.Jaitley appealed to Goan voters to take the upcoming assembly elections as an opportunity to come out of the \"moral crisis\" by voting for the BJP.Describing the state Congress government as a \"cesspool of corruption\", Jaitley said that a small state like Goa is in the news for the wrong reasons because of the \"great loot of the treasury\" due to many scams, including illegal mining. \"This government has even converted the preparation of the regional plan into commerce,\" Jaitley said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11505856", "title": "High alert in Kullu, Shimla areas", "text": "SHIMLA: A fresh spell of snow and rain on Sunday intensified the prevailing cold conditions in Himachal Pradesh. More snow and rain is predicted at some places over the next couple of days. Besides the tribal areas of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur and Pangi-Bharmour, Shimla, too, received good amount of snow on Sunday.The state government has sounded a high alert in Kullu, Shimla, Chamba, Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur districts in view of the met office's forecast of heavy to very heavy snowfall till Monday evening. Shimla, Manali and Dalhousie have experienced light to moderate snowfall along with rain. Shimla recorded 11cm of snow, while it was 21cm in Kalpa (Kinnaur district), 15cm in Keylong (Lahaul-Spiti) and 9cm in Manali. Kasauli, Dharamshala, Solan, Una and Palampur were lashed with intermittent showers.An alert has been sounded in Manali following a heavy snowfall on Sunday. Police have advised people to stay indoors and stopped the movement of tourists beyond the town limits. To avoid accidents on slippery roads, vehicles have been stopped from moving beyond Patlikuhl, 20 km before Manali. Even the bypass to Manali has been blocked by snow. The only relief for people was interrupted supply of power.Manali has received 10 inches of fresh snow. The Solang ski slopes, which were already covered with two feet of snow, now have 3.5 feet of it. Rohtang pass has over 10 feet snow.Shimla meteorological centre has predicted rain and snow in many parts of the state till January 19, causing a concern among the people, as closed roads have already led to scarcity of essential commodities, including LPG cylinders. Most roads in snow-bound areas of the state which were opened recently have been closed down again because of heavy snowfall.Bhuntar town of Kullu district, too, received snowfall on Sunday, after a long gap of around 22 years. Besides Manali, tourist spots near Shimla, like honeymooner's paradise Kufri, Fagu and Narkanda also experienced more snowfall, triggering a rush of tourists there.Shimla recorded a low of 2.6 degrees Celsius early on Sunday, while it was minus 1.4 degrees in Manali, -3 degrees in Kalpa and 3.5 degrees in Dharamshala. However, the lowest maximum and minimum temperature of 1 degree Celsius and -8.4 degrees Celsius respectively was recorded in Keylong.In Manali,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504541", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay '1L for stolen car", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding a private insurance company guilty of deficient in its services, district consumer redressal forum has directed it to pay Rs 1 lakh as insured declared value of a car, to the complainant.Besides, Reliance General Insurance Company Limited has also been told to pay a compensation of Rs 37,000 to the complainant Baljit Singh, a resident of Sector 70 of Mohali.According to the complaint, Baljit had got his Maruti-800 car insured with the opposite party in July 2009. The insured declared value of the vehicle was Rs 1 lakh and the said vehicle was insured for the period from July 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010. \"My car was stolen on November 15, 2009 and I registered a first information report on the very next day with the concerned police station. I also informed Reliance General Insurance Company about the theft on their toll free number. Their local agents were also informed,\" said Baljit.\"After receiving no reply from the insurance company, I wrote a letter on January 1, 2010 and also submitted untraced report with the company. However, the claim was repudiated by the opposite party on the frivolous ground that there was a delay of 80 days in intimating them about the theft,\" he added.While arguing, lawyer of the insurance company said they had asked the complainant to furnish reasons for the delay of 80 days in intimating the theft of car. He did not respond to the reminders, which was in violation to the insurance policy. After listening to the arguments, the forum directed the insurance company to pay Rs 1 lakh to the complainant. Besides the company will pay Rs 30,000 as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "youth dies in accident", "code": "11504681", "title": "Youth dies in accident", "text": "Youth dies in accident: A 22-year old youth, Amandeep Singh of Sector 39, died in a road mishap at the dividing road of Sector 41 and Sector 42 on Saturday night. Singh, who was an employee with a cloth shop in Shastri Market-22, was on his Bullet when the motorbike skid and he received serious head injuries.Police said Singh was rushed to PGI where doctors declared him brought dead. The body will be handed over to his family on Monday. Police have initiated an inquest proceeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509272", "title": "Naomie Harris: I make a bad Bond girl", "text": "Naomie Harris didn't think she'd make a \"very good\" Bond girl.The 35-year-old actress - who portrays field agent Eve in new 007 movie 'Skyfall' - explained she wouldn't be able to play a one-dimensional action woman, and is thrilled to be able to become a \"new kind of Bond girl\".She said: \"To be honest, I don't think I'd be very good at such a role. What drew me to this was the opportunity to play a new kind of Bond Girl.\"It's not just the women who have changed. James Bond himself has changed and Daniel Craig has been a very big part of that. He's brought depth and humanity to the role. He's so layered in a way that other Bonds just weren't, because nothing seemed to touch them. Daniel's Bond is very much touched by his relationships.\"In 2012, there's a need to have female characters who are equal to that. Otherwise it would be totally imbalanced and no one would care about the relationships Bond has. I love the way it's developed in that way.\"Those Bond Girls in the Sixties and Seventies might have been good back then but they wouldn't be seen as very PC now.\"While the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' star admitted the new 007 movie isn't going for a \"feminist\" spin on the secret agent franchise, it presents Bond girls as \"multi-faceted, intelligent and capable\".Naomie added in an interview with Live magazine: \"I wouldn't go as far as to say that we're going for a feminist take on the Bond Girl, because that has so many connotations to different people. But I would say that we are Bond Girls who are multi-faceted, intelligent and capable.\"In the past, the Bond Girls were all over Bond and didn't have a life outside that relationship. That's not the case in this film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511752", "title": "A special Sankranti for Mahesh", "text": "With a second consecutive hit, actor Mahesh Babu is now bagged numer uno status in T-TownActor Mahesh Babu is on a high post the success of his recent film, \"Businessman\". The actor took to a micro blogging site to confess that this year Sankranti has been \"the best he ever had\".\"This sankranti festival is d best I've ever had. the whole experience has been overwhelming..my eyes turn moist with every compliment received..never felt this way b4 (sic), posted the actor. He also took the opportunity to thank director Puri Jagannath for the success of the movie. \"Jagan garu gave me super stardom with \"Pokiri\". With \"Businessman\", he's taken me to a the next level as an actor..cudnt have asked 4 more. Thank you sir.\" There are also plans for Mahesh to make his big Bollywood debut with the Hindi remake of \"Businessman\" sometime this year.The past few months have been exceptionally good for the Tollywood heartthrob. He made a much-awaited comeback with \"Dookudu\" last year, which is one of the biggest hits in the industry. He successfully followed it up with \"Businessman\" which hit the screens last week. This second consecutive hit has propelled the actor to numero uno status in the Tollywood film industry.Personally too, the actor is on a high as sources close to him confirm that wife Namrata is expecting their second child, in a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11505541", "title": "Gurpreet spends warm moments with family on chilly Sunday", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rain and resultant cold weather gave a warm family time to businessman Gurpreet Singh, who spent the day with his parents, Harkrishan Singh and Manpreet Kaur, wife Navneet Kaur and two children, 7-year-old son Gursharanjot Singh and 4-year-old daughter Bhavneet Kaur.He watched his wedding video, as the children remained glued to the television.As the temperature tumbled, forcing people to remain indoors, the family decided to watch the wedding video while enjoying hot tea and coffee during the day.The children, who had a holiday being Sunday, are usually too hard to handle at home, but they too were tamed by the chill and had no option but to stay indoors in front of the heater to keep them warm. But it turned out to be a perfect time for the whole family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11502973", "title": "Half the distance, full enthusiasm", "text": "Bandra woke up to a carnival of sorts as around 14,000 people gathered for the 21 km half-marathon with an enthusiasm that dispelled the morning chill. The marathon was flagged off at 6.15 am and as the city stirred to the first hours of light, some had already crossed the Bandra-Worli sea link and were headed to Haji Ali.For experienced runners, the run was a cakewalk, for first timers it was a test of strength and fitness. Vidya Raja (73), running the half-marathon for the fifth consecutive year, said she exercises daily for at least two hours and the marathon was a way to keep fit. \"Last time, I took three hours to finish the run. This time, though a year older, I want to better it by a few minutes at least,\" she said. Akanksha Mohan (29) was running for the first time without much practice. \"I am a fairly active person and can pull this through,\" she said confidently just before the run.According to official figures, 13,682 Indian nationals participated in the half-marathon of which 11,035 were men and 2,647 women.At Worli, locals came out to distribute lemonade, biscuits and chocolates to the participants. Jagannath Vasudev waited with lemon juice for his daughter-in-law, who was running the half-marathon for the first time, while Pushpa Sangvi, another Worli resident, was busy distributing biscuits to all runners passing through the area.Many managed to better their records. Baijinder Singh, who is with the Indian army, finished the run in one hour 23 minutes, seven minutes less than last year. \"It is an achievement to me. I will reduce the running time more next year,\" said Singh, one of the first few to finish the run. Argentina national Blanka Black ran for the first time to support an NGO for children's education. \"I took three hours and it was really tiring. But running for a cause has made it all worth the effort.\"Though most runners enjoyed the marathon, many also complained that the event was less lively this time. \"I have seen more cheering all though the marathon route in the past five years that I have ran in Mumbai. Also, exit routes from the finishing line were not clear. One seems to be moving in a labyrinth,\" said a 35-year-old executive assistant with a firm, who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512177", "title": "Sanjay Dutt in sequel of Masti?", "text": "After making a franchise out of Dhamaal with Sanjay Dutt, the makers now want to take the Masti legacy forward with him.Though the sequel of Dhamaal might have come and gone, the makers of the film want Sanjay Dutt for another sequel. However it is not the third installment of Dhamaal which was earlier supposed to take off.Director Indra Kumar is planning to revive the sequel to another of his hits Masti. And now Kumar wants Sanjay Dutt to star in Masti 2. Says an industry insider, \"Everyone in Bollywood is trying to make franchise of their last hits. Even Indra Kumar wants to take the Masti series forward. Sanjay Dutt is being approached to replace Ajay Devgn's character from the original\".However Dutt hasn't given his final nod yet. Other than him the other principal cast seems to remain the same including Aftab Shivdasani, Riteish Deshmkukh and Genelia D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11504788", "title": "BJP accused of sponsoring trips to Shirdi", "text": "MARGAO: The election commission's flying squad attached to the South Goa district collectorate received a complaint late Sunday evening that the BJP was sponsoring trips to Shirdi and that five buses were being arranged at the KTC bus stand, Margao, for the purpose.Acting on the complaint, Salcete SDM Dasharath Redkar sent the flying squad to the KTC bus stand to verify the complaint. The squad stopped three Shirdi-bound private buses found at the KTC bus stand and checked the tickets of the 97 passengers on board the three buses.On being interrogated by mamlatdar Joao Fernandes and Margao PI Nilesh Rane of the flying squad, alongwith an RTO officer, the passengers told them that they had booked the tickets months in advance and that no political party had sponsored the trip. The squad then checked the booking details with the concerned travel agent.As the passengers' statements corroborated with the booking details of the travel agent, all the three buses were allowed to leave only at 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504093", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay 4.9L for 26/7 damage to residence", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum has ordered Tata AIG General Insurance Co Ltd to pay a Juhu resident Rs 4.9 lakh for losses he suffered after his flat was inundated during the 26/7 Mumbai deluge. The forum held the insurance company guilty of deficiency of service for preparing the surveyor report more than two years after the incident.The insurance company was directed to reimburse Lawrence Almeida Rs 3.03 lakh for the loss sustained, along with 9% interest from September 2005 till its realization amounting to Rs 1.9 lakh. Almeida will also get Rs15,000 for suffering mental agony and harassment and towards costs incurred in the complaint.Almeida had obtained a home secure insurance policy which was valid from December 2004 to December 2005. The total sum insured was Rs 30 lakh. In the deluge of July 26, 2005, Almeida's ground floor flat was inundated with five-feet-high flood water for 48 hours, damaging household goods, furniture, fixtures, electronic instruments, clothes, shoes, walls, tiles and the plinth.The insurance company was informed about the damage caused to the residence and it deputed its officer for inspection. The surveyor visited the place in August 2005. A list of damaged items was given to the surveyor by Almeida. In September 2006, the insurance company sent a letter informing Almeida that his claim has been assessed at Rs 1.59 lakh. The company sent a discharge voucher of that amount. Almeida did not accept this assessment and pegged the loss at Rs 9.88 lakh.Almeida alleged that the insurance company refused to give the contents of the survey report as per guidelines of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA). He alleged that the surveyor had not assessed the loss properly. In March 2008, he filed a complaint in the forum.The company denied the allegations of deficiency in service on its part and submitted that Almeida has made an exorbitant claim without basis. It stated that the claim has been assessed on the basis of market value by the independent surveyor to the extent and the final settlement offered to Almeida was declined by him. The insurance company denied that there was a total loss. It pointed out that Almeida's claim in the form submitted by him was of Rs 4.95 lakh, which has been increased to Rs 9.88 lakh without any explanation.The forum held Almeida could not substantiate his claim of Rs 9.88 lakh. But it observed that it is possible that during the situation, the household articles like furniture and fixtures, electronic instru-ments and leather shoes, may have been damaged.\"The surveyor prepared the report after more than two years. This is certainly a deficiency on the part of opposite party (insurance company) that it is not diligent in getting the loss assessed,\" the forum said.Taking into value all the goods that Almeida could substantiate the forum pegged the loss at Rs 3.03 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "11505614", "title": "Woman throws 2 minor daughters into Kareh river", "text": "DARBHANGA: In a shocking incident, a woman of Singri village under the Kusheshwar Asthan police station in Darbhanga district on Saturday threw her two daughters -- Sarita (4 years) and Babita alias Gudia (18 months) -- into the Kareh river following a dispute with her mother and mother-in-law. While Babita's body was fished out from the river , Gudia's body is still missing. An FIR has been lodged with the police in this connection.According to Kusheshwar Asthan SHO Mukesh Chandra Kumar, the accused Lalita Devi used to have frequent quarrels with her mother in-law at Bakaspur village and often returned to her mother's house at Singri village. Her husband works outside the state. Lalita came to her native village on Saturday along with her two daughters and two sons. When her mother objected to this, Lalita picked up a quarrel with her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11503300", "title": "Missing boy returns home", "text": "PATNA: Aditya Vikram, 13, a class V student of Don Bosco Academy, who had went missing after he left his school at Digha on Friday, returned home on Sunday.His father, Ravindra Prasad Singh, an assistant manager with Union Bank of India at Jehanabad, currently living in Maharaja Complex under Kotwali police station here, had lodged a missing complaint with the Patliputra police station in this connection.City SP Kim said that Vikram had gone to his maternal aunt's house at Gaighat under Alamganj police station on his own. She said that he used to roam around at will and this was known to the family. \"Earlier also, he had disappeared and returned home late in the night and told his parents that he was playing video games at a video parlour,\" the City SP said.One arrested: The Patrakarnagar police on Sunday arrested a youth, Upendra Kumar, a native of Siwan district currently staying at Sandalpur under Sultanganj PS here, for allegedly molesting a young girl near Janki Nagar.City SP Kim said Rashmi (name changed) was going in Janki Nagar locality on Sunday when Upendra stopped her, showed a dirty clip on his cellphone and asked her if she knew the girl or not. Rashmi immediately informed her sister. The SP said the girl's sister reached Hanuman Nagar along with a relative, caught Upendra and handed him over to the local police. Kim said girls should immediately react to such situations as it would discourage such elements.Bankers to be quizzed: The Patna Police would interrogate the employees of a private bank where two insurance agents had opened an account and deposited the money of one of their clients. City SP Kim said the bank did not verify the details of the account opening form. The account had been opened in the name of a woman, Sophia Mobin, while the photo pasted on the form was that of a man. The age of the woman is 60 years while the age mentioned in bank account document is 30 years. tnnIt may be mentioned here that the Gandhi Maidan police on Friday night had arrested two insurance agents, Vikas Kumar Singh and Dilip Kumar Singh, from Kankarbagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509987", "title": "Ways to indulge in chives", "text": "With their onion flavour, chives make for a great addition to salads and soups. Here's more reason to buy the herb today...They may not be a prized herb and seldom get star billing from chefs, but chives are actually quite a useful herb. A member of the onion family, chives are used in omelettes, salads and other dishes. Delicate in appearance, chives have long green blades and and impart a flavour that is similar to smaller spring onions or leeks. The Asian variety is called Chinese chives or kuchai.How to buy Chives can be grown at home or brought from the market. They are available in supermarkets. If a dish needs to have fresh chives, use those as the dried variety can lend a totally different flavour to the food. Chinese chives have a garlic flavour.Storing it Chives can be kept fresh in the refrigerator for up to four days in an airtight box.Using it A creamy salad tastes great with the hollow-stemmed herb. You can also use chives in mayonnaise sandwiches, for topping baked potatoes, on eggs as well as in sauces. The best way to do so is to first snip the chives with scissors and not chop them. As it has a delicate taste, it should not be over-cooked. They are best had in their raw taste. In some recipes, scallions can be substituted for chives.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505238", "title": "Gehlot offers medical help to ailing Mehdi Hassan", "text": "JAIPUR: The government of Rajasthan has offered help to ailing Pakistani ghazal singer Mehdi Hassan and sought to know if he could be treated in India. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot spoke to Hasan's son, Arif Hassan, and offered help with medical expenses.The Indian High Commission in Pakistan is in constant touch with Hassan's family. The singer was put on a ventilator at a private clinic in Sindh's provincial capital Karachi after he collapsed due to respiratory problems.Eighty-four-year-old Hassan has been ill for the last few years with a serious lung condition that has led to complications and breathing problems. He was born at Luna village, some 13km from Jhunjhunu town in Rajasthan.Gehlot had urged MEA to issue visa to Hassan and his family and bring him to India for better treatment. Gehlot also offered to bear the expenses on his treatment. In his letter, minister of state for external affairs E Ahamed further said once Hassan's family is ready to move him to India, they well get in touch with the Indian High Commission in Islamabad for visa formalities.Hassan and his family migrated to Pakistan in 1947. Their ancestral property is with a few villagers at Luna. He has visited his village thrice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11504958", "title": "Fewer birds injured this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The celebrations of Uttarayan drew to an end, leaving behind some good news. The number of bird injuries in the city caused by manja has considerably dropped, in comparison to last year.According to records of the state forest department, a total number of 446 birds got injured from kite strings this year on the day of Uttarayan in Ahmedabad, as compared to 534 injured birds on the same day last year. The total number of injured birds on Sunday stood at 351.Comparing the figures, chief conservator of forests, Ahmedabad, Jagdish Prasad said, \"The total number of injured birds from January 10 -15 last year was around 1400. This year we have a total of 1082 during the same time frame.\"\"We had organized various awareness programmes throughout the year. Various workshops were conducted at 500 primary and secondary schools in and around the city with the help of eco-clubs and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation,\" added Prasad. \"The initiatives seem to have paid off with an increasing awareness among city people. Ban on Chinese threads has also been more strict this year. Also many people did not fly kites in early mornings which helped in reducing bird injuries.\"Rajeev Agrawal of S G Foundation which conducted awareness programmes at several schools in the city said, \"We received several phone calls from children saying that they avoided flying kites during early morning and evenings.\"Bird lovers also believed that increase in price of threads and kites have contributed to the decrease in number of injured birds. \"Our organization received a total of 68 injured birds last year on the day of Uttarayan. This year we have received only 38 such cases,\" said Mukhesh Bhatti, managing trustee at city based non-profit organization Shree Cultural Foundation. \"Apart from an increased level of awareness among residents of the city, we believe that this decrease in figure is also because of the 30 percent increase in price of threads and kites. The ban on Chinese threads has also contributed to this improvement.\"Various organizations confirmed a high number of protected birds among the injured ones. At Shree Cultural Foundation alone, there were four vultures, one peacock and two barn owls that got severely injured from kite strings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504454", "title": "Picnic charms &amp; relaxes Tricity residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Some munchies, hot and cold beverages, a carom board, floor mats and delicious home made food is all it takes for Katarias of Panchkula to enjoy their weekend. Khannas residing in Chandigarh too have given a pass to malls and movies as a picnic in many gardens of the city lures them better.The 'concrete jungle' and its glitz may have swayed people in other cities but Chandigarh still has a large chunk which prefers the old charm of a picnic with the loved ones. And 'the city beautiful' offers many a venue laced with colourful flowers and their fruity smell, which is the best way to relax for some of its residents.\"These relaxing retreats in and around Chandigarh recharge you for the week ahead. It acts as a stress buster for me and my kids,\" says Ashok Kataria, a resident of Sector 16, Panchkula. The family shortlists gardens every weekend so as not to repeat one. \"We make sure the same picnic spot is not repeated time and again,\" he said.While some take pleasure in the greenery around, exploring new places interests others. \"Rather than wasting time at a relative's place or running around in the hustle-bustle of busy markets, we plan to visit new places,\" said Kritika Khanna, who has planned to trek the Morni hills with her family.\"It is not necessary that one needs to spend money. Even when we are low on budget, just a drive and looking around is good enough,\" adds Kritika.Unlike the clubs or hotels where one cannot be free to yell or clap out of joy, picnic offers a complete freedom. \"In fact, I feel like a child. A picnic lets you spend quality time with family,\" says Nisha, a Sector 28, Chandigarh, resident, who plans most of her picnics with her sister-in-law's family. \"Rose garden and Rock garden are our two fixed destinations. On one Sunday, it is Rose garden and on the next, it is Rock garden,\" she adds.But, the grandmothers of the city say the weekend picnics in their times were more interactive and full of fun. \"We never used to carry cooked food or packed snacks. We used to carry a stove to cook food and that is the real fun of a picnic. We used to have an amazing time when all the women cooked together at a picnic spot,\" says Usha, 60, while on a picnic with her son Vikram at Sukhna lake on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11505754", "title": "CM flays lawyers\u2019 strike", "text": "JODHPUR: Criticising lawyers for continuing with their agitation following the suicide of an advocate, even after order for a CBI inquiry and suspension of two policemen, chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday asked them to wait till the completion of probe. A delegation of lawyers met the chief minister demanding prompt action in the case of advocate Murlidhar Yadav's suicide over alleged police atrocities.Gehlot asked the lawyers to end their agitation as the case has been referred to the CBI for further investigation on the instructions of Rajasthan High Court.\"The agitation was unwarranted as the CBI probe had been ordered by the court immediately after the incident. Two policemen had also been suspended,\" said Gehlot.He added that lawyers have prestige in the society. \"They are a very important part of our judicial system. Causing problems for people and disrupting normal life by such violent agitation was not a proper thing to do,\" Gehlot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11506050", "title": "Rahul's hard work will pay rich returns: Kalyan Singh", "text": "Kalyan Singh calls himself patron of the youth and has a good word for Rahul Gandhi . He tells Manjari Mishra more than 50% of candidates fielded by his Jan Kranti Dal are below 40. Claiming that the voter is with him , Kalyan says rejoining BJP and chumming up with Mulayam Singh Yadav were the greatest blunders of his life.Are the rumours of a pre-poll tie up between you and BJP true?No chance! Why should I go back to a party gasping in the ICU? No sanjivani can revive it in UP. Today, they claim a distance from Mayawati. They'd crawl back to her if they a get one signal.Isn't your take on BJP too harsh? You did go back to the party.That was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. Rather, the second biggest mistake. The first was joining Mulayam. The SP chief came to my house and said he needed my help. I got duped. When BJP leaders cajoled me, I relented.What are the key poll issues this time?Corruption sure will. Maya leads the mostcorrupt pack. All the loot has eroded her core vote bank. Sacking ministers won't help. Voters want to know what made her tolerate the corrupt till the end of her tenure. Mulayam has lost credibility and BJP has hit an alltime low with Kushwaha.With no hero in the race, who could be the eventual winner?I see a hung assembly. Congress will improve its tally. Rahul Gandhi is working hard and it would pay his party rich dividends. But, while Rahul targets Mayawati's corruption, he's mum on Congress corruption and rising inflation.Do you believe Babu Singh Kushwaha can swing votes for BJP?Kushwaha's induction is the result of a deal between him and the party leadership. Crores have exchanged hands for the favour granted to Kushwaha.How do you rate JKD's chances?We are the only party to field the highest number of youth - about 52%. Many would perform well. I believe that results in the western belt may throw quite a few surprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "azamgarh", "code": "11506254", "title": "A forgotten man from BSP's pages of history", "text": "AZAMGARH: There is a good chance you'll miss him. Under tin roofs at the messy Azamgarh courthouse, lost in the clatter of typewriters, crowds of rural petitioners and rows of cynical notaries, a black nameplate on the yellow wall reads: \"Ram Krishna Yadav, advocate (Ex-MP)\".Under this nameplate, a 75-year-old man sits wrapped in a woollen jacket and muffler, on a old wooden chair at a table coming lose at the hinges. Some 650 km away in Bhopal, his first cousin Ram Naresh Yadav lives in the opulent Raj Bhavan; he is MP governor.Ram Krishna Yadav handles criminal cases in this eastern UP rural expanse standing in court to argue cases related to small land disputes, clashes and dowry charges. There was a time he stood in Parliament to speak on matters of national importance.In 1989, Yadav became one of the three first-ever MPs of the then fledgling BSP, which made its mark even in the pro-Janata Dal wave. Yadav won from Azamgarh after a quick-fire campaign using just one jeep, compared to the well-resourced campaigns of his rivals. Apart from him, there were two BSP newcomers in Parliament: Harbhajan Lakha from Phillaur (Punjab) and a rising star called Mayawati from Bijnaur (UP), later Yadav's neighbour at the apartment complex for lawmakers at New Delhi's North Avenue.\"We had heard there is a lady called Mayawati who was gaining prominence with Kanshi Ramji-but that was the first time I met her, after we got elected to Parliament,\" said Yadav.They did not hit it off. \"She seemed very ambitious. She said she was a teacher, but she had dreams beyond her capabilities, I thought,\" said Yadav, one of BSP's founding members, sitting at the Azamgarh courthouse with fellow lawyers.Kanshi Ram's politics was significant at a time when upper and intermediary Hindu castes dominated politics. BSP won over 1 million votes right away-in the 1984 LS polls, leading to the first parliamentary success in 1989.Yadav's political career began when he was invited to Kanshi Ram's closed-door dinners with Azamgarh's political activists, where they discussed ways to create a niche in the already crowded political space. Yadav soon gave up his successful legal practice to join politics. \"I had nothing. I was a middle-class criminal lawyer. I never had a car, I still don't,\" Yadav said.Kanshi Ram invited Yadav to speak at rallies. \"I agreed with him that power of all sorts -political, financial or intellectual-vested in a few hands and it was time to change that,\" Yadav said. \"I was hugely impressed with Kanshi Ramji.\"The mercurial Kanshi Ram headed a new shift in political thinking. He was ready to align with any political rival, saying he would do it as long as it served the interests of his key constituency, the dalits.Parliament was dissolved in 1991 after Chandra Shekhar's government fell. Yadav and the other BSP lawmakers lost that year in the Congress wave after Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.In the 1996 elections, circumstances pitted Yadav against his cousin, former state CM Ram Naresh Yadav. He lost. \"I was left with savings of just over Rs 10,000. But I was content,\" Yadav said. The BSP, though, had arrived. In 1996, it was granted the status of a national party.\"But Kanshi Ram's influence had begun to wane. The old guard was sidelined, Mayawati was gaining control,\" Yadav said. In 1998, he quit BSP.\"BSP's themes and policies -socialist outlook, working for the dispossessed-had vanished,\" said Yadav. \"The party's mission was to go after the three M's-money, media and mafia. Now all is lost.\"KANSHI'S POLITICS 1934, born in Punjab's Ropar BSc from Govt College at Ropar Worked for a DRDO lab in Pune 1965: Joined SC govt employees stir to stop abolition of holiday on B R Ambedkar's birthday 1978: Formed Backward &amp; Minorities Employees Federation 1981: Began to unify dalit voters 1984: Founded BSP 2001: Made Mayawati successorNeelesh Misra is a journalist and Bollywood writer/lyricist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505101", "title": "Domestic help arrested for thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A domestic help involved in five theft cases was nabbed by Vastrapur police on Saturday on basis of a tip-off. Police have started the search for stolen goods in Rajasthan.According to Vastrapur police officials, Dhanji Meena, 40, a native of Kherwada in Udaipur district of Rajasthan, worked as domestic help in western city parts from 2008 to 2011. During that time, he stole goods from residences in Vastrapur, Satellite, Sola, Ellisbridge and Sarkhej. Investigators said that Meena was involved in a theft at Takshshila Tower in November 2009 where he had stolen goods worth Rs 2.24 lakh.\"He used to work at selected houses and gain trust. He would make a duplicate key to gain an easy access and strike when the occupants were away. After each theft, he would dispose off the goods in markets of Rajasthan and go underground for at least two months,\" said a Vastrapur police official. \"When a team of city police went to his native town in search of him, he fled and worked as a labourer in Kutch for four months.\"Officials said that they got a tip-off that Meena had returned again to the city in search of new work and was making rounds in societies of Vastrapur when he was apprehended. \"We believe him to be involved in theft cases worth more than Rs 10 lakh. Search for stolen valuables is on,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11506366", "title": "The youth connection", "text": "MYSORE: This theatre festival season, Rangayana seeks to take theatre closer to youths.It embarked on the mission on Sunday hosting literary meet at Vijaya Vittala PU College, focusing on the works of noted writer Chandrashekar Kambara. The first of eight-part series, the meet will move to seven different colleges in the city over one week, aiming to bring the student community closer to theatre. \"Today's youths are unaware about literature. To make them aware of litterateurs, we have arranged discussions in different colleges in the city as a part of Bahuroopi,\" said director of Rangayana B V Rajaram.The event kicked off with a street play 'Danwanatariya Chikitse' by Samudhaaya from Bangalore. Convener H S Suresh said: \"The faculty supported us in our endeavour.\"The student community is excited too. \"It is an amazing exposure for us,\" said Sumana Sharma. The 17-year-old who took part in the theatre fest for students hosted by Rangayana some time ago, said she sees life from a different perspective now. \"I know how to manage it better now. Rangayana has taught me that. In this competitive world Rangayana has its own role to play,\" she added.Madan, said, \"Mysore is lucky to have Rangayana. It is a culture oasis we have in Mysore.\" He said that more assistance should be provided by government to the artistes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11504809", "title": "Fatorda to be edgy fight as Vijai, Pratima vie for ticket", "text": "MARGAO: The poll scene in Fatorda constituency promises to be an interesting and sizzling affair, what with Youth Congress chief Pratima Coutinho turning out to be the dark horse in the race for the nomination of the candidate.The Coutinho camp is seemingly upbeat over the prospects of her nomination being finalized for the Fatorda ticket and is raring to take a plunge into the polls.\"It's Rahul Gandhi's idea of introducing new faces as the party's candidates in the elections-young candidates without political backing-because he believes that it is the youth who have the energy to change the face of India. I am given to understand that Rahulji has recommended my name, and I am definitely pleased at that. I cannot say no to my command,\" Coutinho said.Though hailing from Navelim, Coutinho feels she nurtures a sense of belonging to Fatorda by virtue of it being her birthplace. \"I am confident the people of Fatorda will accept me and lend me their valuable support.\"The development has, however, cast a shadow on Congress general secretary Vijai Sardessai's poll campaign. Sardessai has now placed his faith in the court of the Congress high command. Speaking to TOI, Sardessai said, \"I feel they cannot ignore my claim for the Congress ticket. I am confident the high command will do justice to me,\" Sardessai said.Nevertheless, rifts in the Congress camp have already started to surface. Former Mahila Congress president Monica Dias has already made known her disappointment over Coutinho's willingness to contest from Fatorda. Terming Coutinho a \"non-entity\", Dias questioned how the party leadership could ignore the claims of senior party workers like herself and Sardessai.Sardessai, when questioned about the stand he would take in the event his nomination gets rejected in favour of Coutinho, evaded a direct reply. However, in a loaded statement he said, \"Whatever I am it is because of the people of Fatorda. I got defeated in the last elections possibly owing to some mistakes that I may have committed in the past. However, during the last four-and-a-half years, I have tried to rectify those mistakes. My future is in the hands of the people of Fatorda, and I am confident they will do justice to me.\"Meanwhile, former chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) Piedade Noronha, who contested as an independent in the last election, has almost made up her mind to contest on the Trinamool Congress from Fatorda constituency. Confirming this, Noronha told TOI she would announce her decision to that effect soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505119", "title": "13 lakh kids in India die before 1st birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 55,000 women die due to child birth in India every year. Of the total children born in one year, a mind boggling 13 lakh die before they reach their first birthdays, most of them within a few weeks of entering this world. Another indicator that the world watches is how many children cannot survive beyond five years of age. In India every year, over 16 lakh under-5 years children die.These are hair-raising numbers, the highest in the world, mainly because India has the highest number of births in the world - over 2.62 crore per year. But how can one compare this with other countries with lower population or lower birth rates? That is done by expressing mother's deaths in terms of how many per 1 lakh live births. For India this maternal mortality rate works out to 212. And for infant deaths the ratio is written as so many per 1000 live births. For India this works out to 50. Under-5 mortality in India is 63.Although maternal mortality has fallen drastically from 570 in 1990, this should not be a matter of complacency. In highly advanced countries like in Western Europe it is below 15, and even in medium human development countries like in Russia or Brazil it is below 133. China has maternal mortality of just 38.Death of mother during or immediately after child birth is a direct function of health infrastructure, says Dr Amit Sengupta of the People's Health Movement. \"Child birth is a natural function. Death will occur only if there is an emergency, like an obstruction. For that you need trained personnel and facilities. If people have to rush 30-40 kms in an emergency, a tragic and avoidable death results,\" he explains.Infant mortality rates too are still high in India, despite slowly reducing from about 65 in 2000. Our neighbours, though poorer, have done better - IMR is 48 in Nepal and 52 in Bangladesh . In China it is just 19.Most infant deaths occur in the first few weeks because, again, health facilities and doctors are not easily available or cost too much. A clear indication of this comes from the wide difference between rural and urban rates. In rural areas, infant mortality is 55 while in urban areas it is much less at 34.A revealing fact is the variations across states. Infant mortality varies from 67 in MP, 65 in Orissa and 63 in UP to just 12 in Kerala, 28 in Tamil Nadu and 33 in West Bengal.Maternal mortality varies from 390 in Assam and 359 in Uttar Pradesh to 81 in Kerala. Obviously there are some lessons in all this: better education, better infrastructure, better nutrition. But what is perhaps most direly needed is political will across the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "11504296", "title": "Fakirs' music spells magic in land of dotara", "text": "NADIA: Music wafts in the air and tunes float around in this tiny hamlet. In Gorbhanga, every villager can sing, it's said. From the farmers and grocers to the children playing on the street, you can catch them all humming one tune or the other.It's perhaps not strange then that the village in the vicinity of Nadia town sees a congregation of more than 150 fakirs from Nadia and 80 from Murshidabad in the music festival this time of the year. For three days, they sing, chant and dance. Songs of Lalan, Jalal, Rezzak and other illustrious composers are rendered here. Fakir singers from this little-known village have even performed abroad. They are perhaps the last practitioners of Bengal's own ethnic musical tradition.Fakirs put up their own akharas which serve as their shelters. There, they sing, compose and perform. Clad in their traditional robes (alkhallas) and sporting their trademark flowing beards, these minstrels enthrall visitors with their earthy compositions. Their dotaras spell a magic as they go into an ecstasy with their passionate renditions.Many come up with their own tunes based on 'ragas'. The rest play around with folk tunes. On a misty Sunday morning, one of them sat cross-legged, fiddling with his dotara. He sang a combination of different ragas and then moved on to 'Kalavati' and 'Shivaranjani'.Teenager Jamsher Islam says, \"E gayer matite gaan achhe, mathe kaaj korti korti gaan gabe tao darie shunti hobe\" (Music is in the soil of this village. You would be stunned by the way farmers sing casually while working on the fields). However, he rued that youngsters are now hooked to TV serials and cinema. A pan and cigarette shopkeeper near the only cinema hall at Nazirganj, about 6-7 kms from this village, agreed the number of youngsters interested in music is steadily decreasing.\"This village is far from the lure of 'modern life' and consumer-oriented social structure. But how long this condition will remain is surely a challenge,\" said Rashid Ali, a college student. However, Amitabha Bhattacharjee, director of Bangla Natak Dot Co, the organizing body of this festival, is working for the economic development of the singers, was not ready to buy this logic. \"When the younger generation will see their fathers and elders singing, making music and earning through it, they will naturally follow their foot steps.\"The nights are cold. At the end of the festival village, a group of foreign tourists sit with a numbers of fakirs around a fire pit. The countdown for the next festival has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504380", "title": "FUTAB opposesorder withdrawal", "text": "PATNA: The Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has expressed its serious concern over the recent government move to withdraw its order of June, 2006, with retrospective effect, depriving the re-designated demonstrators from the benefits extended to them by the Patna high court and the Supreme Court.Futab working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh pointed out that this government order was issued on the advice of the advocate general and the decision of the state cabinet. By this notification, all graduate laboratory assistants, laboratory technicians/laboratory in-charge were re-designated as demonstrators with all consequential benefits as teachers from the date of their appointment.Unfortunately, the state HRD department issued orders on December 18, 2008, and September 3, 2009, denying the re-designated demonstrators of their status as teachers, though under the provisions of the University Act, the demonstrators are teachers. This resulted in a large number of cases being filed in the Patna high court. The court in all cases ruled the government could not go back from the decision communicated through its order dated June 14, 2006, the Futab leaders said.They further said that going back on its promises, the government has filed an SLP in the Supreme Court. The government is also trying to withdraw its previous order to win the case and deprive the designated demonstrators from their legitimate benefits. Interestingly, it was present education minister P K Sahi, who in the capacity of the then advocate general, had recommended implementation of the apex court order, declaring it to be mandatory.Futab leaders have demanded that such attempts should be immediately stopped, otherwise the government may be put in an embarrassing position in the high court, where contempt proceedings are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11506131", "title": "Traders give a call for \u2018Banaras Bandh\u2019 today", "text": "VARANASI: Miffed over the frequent checking of vehicles and seizure of cash by the static surveillance and police teams in the district, various traders' associations have called for 'Banaras Bandh' on Monday. Over 90 associations, some belonging to medical and petroleum sectors, have decided to extend support this bandh call.With the implementation of model code of conduct (MCC) from December 25 in view of Election Commission's notification for assembly poll, massive checking drives were launched in all areas of the district. Mainly four-wheelers are remaining on the target of static surveillance and police teams constituted by the district election officer to keep vigil on transportation of huge cash in order to check its misuse during election. If a person is found carrying cash more than Rs 2.50 lakh without relevant documents, the static surveillance and police teams seize the cash and hand over the matter to the income tax department for further investigation. Till now, over Rs 1.10 crore has been seized in the district.This action has irked the traders. To express their concern, a delegation comprising office bearers and leaders of Kashi Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal, Varanasi Vyapar Mandal, Varanasi Udyog Vyapar Mandal and Akhil Bhartiya Vyapar Mandal had recently met district election officer Ravindra as well as IG (range) R P Singh a few days back.Ajit Bagga of Varanasi Vyapar Mandal said that the officials expressed their inability in stopping such drives by mentioning the instructions of EC . The traders alleged that in the name of checking of vehicles and seizure of cash, they are being harassed while the persons engaged in transportation of black money are traceless.Bagga said that on getting negative replies from the local authorities, all associations of traders and industrialists decided unanimously to give the call for Banaras bandh. The bandh call is going to prove effective as over 90 associations including the Indian Medical Association, Petroleum Dealers' Association, Kashi Readymade Garments Association, Income Tax Bar Association, Association of Chartered Accountants, Chemist and Drugs Welfare Association have decided to extend support to the bandh call.Bagga said that the essential services like milk, retail medicine shops would not be affected due to the bandh call but the trading of medicine from wholesale markets and petroleum products would remain affected by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504357", "title": "Trivedi's comment on presenting next rail budget raises eyebrows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has raised eyebrows in political circles by saying that he will present the next rail budget in Parliament.\"I can assure you this much, that I'm going to present the railway budget,\" Trivedi said when journalists, at a function with a Japanese delegation, sought to know if there was a possibility of him not presenting the next rail budget.The assertion came against the backdrop of deteriorating Congress-Trinamool ties and speculation that TMC may withdraw its ministers from the Union Cabinet.The timing is significant as the minister also chose to speak of possible revision in passenger fares a full two months before the rail budget is to be presented. The comment came as a surprise as right now, only preliminary budget discussions are going on. What was equally surprising was his comment that he will continue as rail minister and will present the next rail budget.There are growing indications that Trivedi may have lost the trust of his political boss Mamata Banerjee . Trivedi caused much heartburn among Trinamool leaders when he was picked by Banerjee as railway minister ahead of them. Many in the TMC feel Trivedi has now fallen out of favour and K D Singh has started getting prominence in the party.It was felt by many in political circles that left to herself, Banerjee would have preferred a TMC loyalist like Mukul Roy for the only Cabinet berth and the portfolio crucial for Bengal.It is also said that Trivedi's elevation was more to do with Congress's insistence that the crucial infrastructure ministry could not be left in the hands of a minister of state.Though TMC may not sever ties with UPA, speculation persists that Banerjee may pull out her ministers from the Cabinet in the backdrop of deteriorating Congress-TMC equations. Relations between the two allies have soured over several issues with TMC refusing to budge on its stand on petrol price hike, FDI in multi-brand retail, Lokayukta issue and renaming of Indira Bhawan in Kolkata.It is clear in Congress circles that Banrejee wants to take over the entire non-Left political space I West Bengal, marginalizing Congress in the process.However, Banerjee may not like to break the alliance till the upcoming panchayat polls in West Bengal. A pullout from the Union Cabinet may be the first step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11508574", "title": "Prison inmates to sing in Muktodhara", "text": "Being confined within four walls - even if they are tall enough - doesn't mean cutting oneself off from the world. All one needs is a chance. Shiboprasad Mukhopadhyay and Nandita Roy's \" Muktodhara\" that focusses on life behind bars, has provided prison inmates with that chance. A number of them will be singing for the film, which has music by Surajit.IG (Prison) Ranvir Kumar recently gave a go-ahead to the project. \"In fact, cutting an album under a music label is on the cards. And then, singing for a commercial venture only means the inmates are getting recognized for their talent. This would motivate others, making them hone their skills and come out in the open to explore such options,\" he says.It's called 'culture therapy' and the trend is encouraging, he says. \"Inmates have always been encouraged to explore the hidden talents in them like painting, music or other vocational trainings. They have the time to pursue their talents and it can be of help in the long run,\" the IG says.For Shiboprasad, the project is essentially about being honest to his own film. \"If we are focussing on transforming inmates, it also means we need to give them a platform. That's the idea which was conceived by Nanditadi (Roy) and me, when we started work on this project. Nigel, a real-life convict, who plays the main lead, is a fantastic actor. And there are others equally good. Sanjay, who has done the choreography with Alokananda Roy, is mindblowing and so is Buka, who has danced Chhau for us. Jagat, another inmate, has a lilting voice. We are using him for quite a few tracks,\" says the director.Even if most songs are those that are part of \"Balmiki Pratibha\", which is being performed by the prison inmates, there's another number \"Gunti\", sung by Silajit, Raghab and Mir. \"The life of prison inmates revolves around counting. So, we have a song that gives out the same feeling. Joining in the chorus, would be the convicts.\"Former ADG (Prison) BD Sharma too will be singing a track for the film. Recording will take place after January 20, once the shoot is complete. \"The untimely rains have played a spoilsport. It took a toll on the shooting schedule. Eighty per cent of the shoot is complete. We are going ahead with guide tracks. The final songs will be recorded once we wrap up the shoot,\" the director adds. Surajit, who performed at both Presidency and Alipore jails as part of Bhoomi's anniversary four years back, says he had wanted to work with the inmates ever since then. \"When Shiboprasad approached me with this concept, I was thrilled. The song \"Gunti\", which sums up the mood of counting in jails, deals with prisoners reacting to a new entrant and also how they become friends ,\" he says.As a parting shot Surajit adds, \"The concept of recording with prison inmates has drawn strong response from people working at the studio. But I want to break the ice. There's no difference between them and us and for most, being behind bars is only incidental.\" Surajit and team will be visiting the jails and holding workshops, before they finally get to the task of recording. And the unit is looking forward to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon/new delhi", "code": "11509964", "title": "Japan-based auto company to invest in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON/NEW DELHI: Japan-based auto component maker Denso Corporation plans to invest Rs 300 crore to set up a new manufacturing facility at Gurgaon in Haryana as it looks to augment its production capabilities in India.\"About Rs 300 crore will be invested to build a new plant in Gurgaon, Haryana. Denso has already acquired 1.5 lakh sq meter site for this plant, and we are now preparing to start production by the end of 2013, \" Denso International India Chairman and CFO Yasushi Nei said.The company would utilise the new plant to produce air- conditioning components like heat exchangers and various kinds of motors, Nei added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11511526", "title": "Hakimullah Mehsud not dead: Pakistan Taliban", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A day after reports that Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a US drone attack in North Waziristan, the militant group has said he is alive and the speculation about his death was a ruse to locate his whereabouts.Unnamed Pakistani security and intelligence officials were quoted by a section of the media yesterday as saying that Mehsud had died in a drone attack in Dattakhel area in North Waziristan Agency on January 12.The region has witnessed numerous drone strikes.Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told reporters in the country's northwest that reports of Mehsud's death were false.\"There is no truth in reports about his death. However, he is a human being and can die any time. He is a mujahid and we wish him martyrdom,\" he said.Two unnamed senior Taliban commanders and close aides of Mehsud told The News daily that the Taliban chief was alive.They said reports about his death were part of a \"plan to provoke Hakimullah to surface and approach the media\".Other Taliban sources in North Waziristan told the paper that the January 12 drone attack had killed nine people. The sources said a majority of those killed were Turkmen.\"As far as I know, most of the victims of the January 12 attack were foreigners. There was nothing for Hakimullah to do in a remote area like Dattakhel,\" a source was quoted as saying.Unnamed Pakistani security officials were quoted by The Express Tribune as saying that they were not \"100 per cent sure\" that Mehsud was killed and were probing the matter.Mehsud became Pakistani Taliban chief after his predecessor, Baitullah Mehsud , was killed in a drone strike in August 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505104", "title": "Missing marine: Spanish witness to be questioned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight years after marine captain Rajan Aggarwal was found mysteriously missing from his merchant vessel \"Crimson Galaxy\" while returning from the Brazilian Coast and two of his crew members arrested for allegedly murdering him, a judicial order has stated video conferencing will be set up with the Spanish witnesses in this case on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.The judicial order has recorded that video conferencing can be conducted at MTNL Studio in Khurshid Lal Bhawan in Janpath. The evidence of Spanish witnesses will be recorded through video conferencing at 2.30pm on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.In August last year, the prosecution had claimed that the evidence of the foreign witnesses was vital at securing conviction. Earlier, a city court had framed charges against two Merchant Navy cadets Vivek Madhok,21, and Shankar Bhatia, 20, who were serving as crew in the same ship.It has been alleged that Madhok and Bhatia murdered Aggarwal on the M V Crimson Galaxy ship while it was in mid Atlantic on way from Argentina to Egypt. The ship was carrying 20 million tonnes of soyabean for export to Brazil and had on board 50 people, including a 20-member all Indian crew, according to the prosecution.The prosecution had alleged that the two suspects brutally murdered Aggarwal in his cabin and disposed of his body in the high seas.Aggarwal, a resident of Sheikh Sarai, New Delhi had joined the Merchant Navy in 1980. He joined the Hong Kong-based shipping company M V Crimson Galaxy on January 19, 2004. The complaint was lodged by Aggarwal's father in April 2004.Madhok and Bhatia were charged under sections 302 (Murder), 201 (Destruction of Evidence) and 34 (Common intention to commit a crime) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11504455", "title": "Councillor gives fake papers to fight poll", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ballarpur Police have registered offence against newly elected councillor Nasir Khan for furnishing forged documents to election authorities while submitting his nomination. Khan, a second time councillor, is absconding after the charges of cheating and forgery were registered against him.Sources informed that social worker Megha Dhale sought documents through Right to Information (RTI) Act to uncover Khan's trickery. Khan had won the election from the seat reserved for the OBC category. However, it turned out that he had on various occasions forged his mark sheets and transfer certificates of the different schools to get admission into higher classes after being failed.Khan forged a bogus TC of Std III and took admission in Std IV. After being failed in Std VII, he forged TC and mark sheet of Std VIII and took admission in another school. After he failed in matriculation exams, he even forged a duplicate TC and mark sheet of state board of secondary school exams and continued his further studies, it was revealed.Khan even went on to change his caste on the documents to seek electoral advantage. His caste was mentioned as Muslim in TC of his Std XII, but he changed it to 'Momin Ansari', a caste under OBC category. He fought municipal elections on seat reserved for OBC category, went on to become deputy civic chief of Ballarpur. This time also he won the municipal election as Congress candidate from seat reserved for OBC category. But, after his trickery was revealed, Ballarpur police have registered an offence under relevant sections of law.Accused Nasir Khan is absconding and cops are looking out for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511183", "title": "Single yet happy", "text": "Being single is not a crime. So stop crying over it. In a hurry to settle down, you need not opt for Mr Wrong . Wait for the right one. Here are a few reasons why you should be happy being soloEmbrace your single status with a smile instead of crying over it :All the time is yoursWhen you're single, all of your time is yours. You can go wherever you want and do whatever you feel like doing without worrying about what someone else wants to do. Do things you love to do. Go for shopping with your girlfriends or pamper yourself with the most soothing facial treatment. Make the most of your time.It's not always lovey doveyWhen you're single, you may feel sad when you look at another couple walking hand-in-hand and you wish you had someone to hold your hand too. But not every couple is happy. There are ups and downs in every relationship and it's not always like you see it in the movies. There are moments when challenges arise and you don't know whether you should continue with the relationship or not. It's easy to miss what you don't have, but keep in mind that there is an equal number of unhappy couples.Wait for your Mr RightCongratulate yourself on being single. It's only because you are waiting for that right man instead of settling for anyone. Instead of settling for someone who's just OK, you have the chance to find someone who is worth your love. Being single means you're ready to mingle with that charming guy who could be your perfect match.Love what you haveHuman beings always crave for what they lack instead of enjoying what they have. Singles want a relationship while people in relationships long for freedom. This is what makes you unhappy. Date, flirt and meet new people as you go through the process of selecting the right one.Work on yourselfBeing in a relationship takes up a lot of your time. Use your solo status to work on yourself. Focusing on your career, education, hobbies and what you want to be as a person. Make use of opportunities, learn more and more and as the time once gone never comes back. Take an art class, learn a new language, exercise and work on the skills you wish to master.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505723", "title": "40% vacancies yet to be filled in DU colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many Delhi University colleges and departments are practically running on ad hoc teachers due to a large number of vacancies yet to be filled since 2008.More than 40% of the teaching positions in colleges are lying vacant and things may worsen as the teachers recruited in 1969 and 1970 are scheduled to retire in the next four to six months.Even the posts sanctioned in 2008 as per the OBC expansion plan are yet to be filled up by the university. The total strength of permanent faculties in DU is nearly 9,000 at present.Sources said Hans Raj College has a whopping 146 vacancies, while Kirori Mal College is arranging its classes with ad hoc teachers substituting for around 70 positions. Similarly, Dayal Singh (day) College is short of 50 permanent faculties and Sri Venkateswara College is short of 44 faculties and SGTB Khalsa College is short of 40.Colleges like Gargi, Maharaja Agrasen, Miranda House, Satyawati, Hindu and St Stephen's have vacancies for teachers. In fact, the number of vacancies for permanent faculties have accumulated to around 4,000 across colleges and departments over the years from 2007-08.Jiten Kaur, principal, Shaheed Bhagat Singh College, said: \"We too have vacant positions and are managing classes with the help of ad hoc teachers, as the university has stopped recruitments for the last two years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504394", "title": "Haryana plans to revive mining in ravaged Aravali stretch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some 20 months after the Supreme Court suspended mining in the Aravalis in May 2009 due to the havoc wrought upon this crucial range around Delhi, the Haryana government has drawn up a fresh plan to revive mining in the ravaged parts of Aravalis in Faridabad district. In fact, it has already identified 609 hectares for mining.Records accessed by TOI show that about 280 hectares of the identified areas for mining fall under the restricted zone while 400 hectares are covered under existing mining leases.Documents available with TOI show that Mangar village in the district is likely to be the prime target for mining. At least 210 hectares in Mangar and Mohabatabad villages have been identified for future mining. The other villages where government plans to allow mining are Khori, Sirohi, Dhauj, Kot and Alampur.Shockingly, the areas identified by the state government include approximately 179 hectares covered under section 4&amp;5 notification of Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA) and Aravali plantation. As per norms, areas under PLPA notifications cannot be put to any non-forestry use without prior permission of the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF).Though Haryana government has to wait for a go-ahead from the Supreme Court before allowing mining, the design behind identifying these areas seems to be to revive the old leases. The SC had stated in its order that actual mining in 600 hectares in Faridabad would commence only after the state submitted detailed rehabilitation and reclamation plan and it was approved by the apex court.\"It's evident from the plan that the government does not want to revoke the existing mining leases, which are mostly in Khori, Mangar and Dhauj. Mining giants have taken huge patches on lease from the village. Ideally, the government should terminate all the existing leases, issue notifications, inspect the rehabilitation and then allow fresh mining. Everyone is after Aravalis and that too areas which should rather be protected,\" said R P Balwan, former conservator of forests (Gurgaon), who had fought against mining and residential activities in Aravalis.\"I only hope that the facts are brought before the SC,\" he added.After the SC order, Haryana government had appointed Wapsco, a consultancy firm, to prepare a report for rehabilitation and reclamation for the damaged parts of the hills. A copy of Wapsco report available with TOI mentions that there are 40 mining leases. Out of the 35 abandoned mining pits, the rehabilitation and reclamation plan for 29 pits was prepared by the consultant. The report mentions that out of the 29 pits, groundwater table was encountered in 13 pits.Though Wapsco submitted its report to the government, its proposals were objected by the forest department. Subsequently, the government appointed Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), a multi-disciplinary body under the ministry of mines, to review Wapsco's report. IBM differed with Wapsco on many accounts.Government sources said the environment ministry had circulated IBM's observations to all stakeholders and has received their feedback. The ministry is likely to submit the final report to Supreme Court soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11505865", "title": "Water woes worsen with fresh snowfall", "text": "SHIMLA: Shimla residents, particularly those living in the cold zone of the city, are compelled to live without water for last one week as the supply pipes have been frozen while municipal corporation (MC) has failed to restore the service. With Sunday witnessing a fresh spell of snowfall in the town water crisis is going to get worse.Residents in Jakhu, Lakkar Bazar, Sankli, Lower Kaithu, Ruldubhatta, Kalesten, Sanajuli and IGMC are the worst affected due to snowfall. Having used their stored quota, people are finding it hard to meet their daily demand for water and are forced to fetch the same from faraway places.Even the method of warming up the pipes to get water is not helping people much. Though, MC on its part, had changed the timing of supply from early morning to after 10am, but this has not solved the crisis in the cold zone of the city.Om Parkash, a resident of Jakhu, said, \"Life has become difficult these days as we have to fetch water from outside. We have stopped taking bath.\"Meena, another Jakhu resident, said cooking and cleaning without water has become a challenging task. \"With fresh snowfall, we have no idea how long the authorities would take to restore the services,\" she said.MC engineer Vijay Gupta said, \"Water supply through the main lines of MC is functional and 34 MLD water was supplied to the city on Sunday.\" He said MC has been supplying water regularly but the individual lines are frozen. People have to melt the ice in frozen pipes themselves as MC cannot carry on this task, he added.Mayor Madhu Sood said if there has been a problem of water supply, it must have been due to insufficient pumping. She said in some areas, like Sanjauli, water is being supplied from Churat Nullah but the capacity is insufficient. \"We have already laid pipes and are looking forward to raise the pumping capacity from Gumma,\" she said.MC officials said leakage from supply pipes causes wastage and leads to scarcity. The civic body has advised people to store water during extreme cold conditions in the wake of fresh snowfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11506275", "title": "Quality education is your visa to the world: N R Narayana Murthy", "text": "HUBLI: Infrastructure and resources will always follow the good leader and entrepreneurs should inculcate leadership qualities, said chairman emeritus, Infosys Technologies , N R Narayana Murthy.He was speaking at the Developmental Dialogue-2012 programme, organized by the Deshpande Foundation here on Sunday.Murthy said social entrepreneurs should have clear objectives and it is very important to create a road map for the next five or ten years.While working hard towards achieving their goal, entrepreneurs should also make it a point to spend their time with family and friends.\"Work is important, and equally important is to spend quality time with your loved ones,\" he said.He hailed the Deshpande Foundation for its good work in bringing entrepreneurs under one roof and providing them a platform to exchange ideas.TiE Hubli president Naveen Jha felicitated Murthy on this occasion.Speaking at the 'Yuva Summit' organized by the Deshpande Foundation at BVB Engineering College campus on Sunday, Murthy called upon students to develop a competitive edge to face the challenges of globalization.\"Nothing will prepare us better than education. Good quality of education is the only visa of the world, and we have to have the passion and determination to achieve our goals,\" the IT czar said.Nagamani, Vijay Mane, Vinay Patil, Umesh Chikkodi Kunal, Shruti, Viresh and others were awarded as 'Best Leaders'. Shrikant Joshi from Jain College of Engineering, SM Hegde from MES College and Deepak were awarded with Best faculties.Institute of Management Education and Research, Belgaum, KLE Society's MBA College of Belgaum, Global Business School, Hubli, Institute of excellent in management science, Tarihal, Hubli have awarded with Best entrepreneur award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11504496", "title": "Stir planned for setting up Ambedkar memorial in Delhi", "text": "GONDIA: Dalit Mahapanchayat will launch a nationwide campaign to press for five major demands, including a national memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar at his residence in New Delhi and separate constituencies for backward and tribal communities. This announcement was made by Indresh Gajbhiye, president of National Dalit Mahapanchayat, New Delhi.Gajbhiye is also chairman of Dr Ambedkar Sanman Samiti, New Delhi and Finance Corporation of Madhya Pradesh government. Gajbhiye said that if Mahatma Gandhi is addressed as father of the nation, Ambedkar should be given the honour of calling as father of the Indian Constitution. He was critical of foreign dignitaries visiting memorials of Gandhi and Nehru families only.Gajbhiye said that most of Ambedkar's literary activities, including writing Indian Constitution and on religion were done at 26, Alipur Road, New Delhi residence and there cannot be any better avenue than this for the national memorial. He recalled that this building belonging to the Jindals was purchased by NDA government in 2003 at a cost of Rs 16 crore. The then prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee had declared it as a national memorial with a provision of Rs 100 crore for its development and beautification. But NDA lost power in the next general elections and successive governments ignored the issue.Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh had in a meeting on November 29 last year accepted the demand in principle and a committee of various ministers was appointed to decide further course of action within three months. The wait is on, he said.If this deadline is not met, these committees will launch a nationwide campaign, he said.About separate constituencies for backward communities, Gajbhiye said that although there are reserved constituencies for this class, since the voters of the developed class are in majority, the representatives from these constituencies can ill-afford to work against the interest of these communities. He pleaded for separate constituencies for backward communities. The other three demands also related to the memorial issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504544", "title": "Health schemes for mom and child show results", "text": "NAGPUR: The recently introduced Janani-Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) and mother and child tracking system (MCTS) introduced by central government have begun to show results. Both schemes are targeted at minimizing infant mortality rate (IMR) and the maternal mortality rate (MMR) under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). Though central government schemes, they are being implemented by the public health department of the state.The JSSK is not a replacement of existing Janani Surakasha Yojna (JSY) that promotes institutional deliveries. It is an additional scheme with much wider scope. Under JSY, the benefit was restricted to the mother and that too for only those in below poverty line and SC/ST categories. But JSSK covers every mother and child irrespective of income and caste status.The biggest advantage of JSSK is that instead of providing any financial aid, the scheme allows free delivery (including a caesarean one) and treatment to every expectant mother up to 42 days after delivery and free treatment to baby for 30 days.Dr Manohar Pawar, deputy director of health services (DDHS), Nagpur circle, that covers Nagpur, Wardha, Gondia, Bhandara, Chandrpaur and Gadchiroli districts told TOI that the scheme extremely attractive to both rural and urban women as it allowed not just free diagnosis, investigations, free treatment, medicines and meals during the hospitalization period but also free pick up and drop facilities to the patient.\"The pick and drop facility is available round the clock through a call centre. Anyone interested in availing it can call 102 located at district hospital,\" said Dr Pawar. Of course, the vehicle is made available even at primary health centre as the information is passed on to the nearest delivery centre which could be a PHC, a sub-centre or a district hospital. We are getting extremely good response from the patients. In case a patient does not avail the department vehicle or ambulance, a fixed fare is reimbursed to the patient,\" said Dr Pawar.Since Nagpur does not have a district hospital, the Daga Memorial Hospital has been chosen for the purpose. The hospital as yet does not have the 102 number. \"One will have to call 2729332 for now. The process to shift 102 number from Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) ambulance service to Daga hospital is on,\" said Dr Vaishali Khedikar, hospital superintendent. In fact, Daga received two vehicles on Thursday itself.The second scheme, MCTS, is a relatively older one but has just now become popular. As of now, it is restricted to only rural areas but soon will be extended to urban areas too. The process of training the staff has already begun. DDHS office claims to have recorded an increase in institutional deliveries from 65% in 2005 when NRHM started to 98% at present.MCTS covers the mother from the day she reports for registration of pregnancy to 30 days for child and 42 days for mother. This scheme has computerized records of every mother and child and the data are updated daily across the country. The changes are visible daily at NRHM website (sub-head nrhm-mctc).Extensive data including the name, address, phone numbers, ANM and Asha workers handling the patient and follow up sheets are maintained for each patient. The immunization schedule of baby is also maintained. Highest authorities in health sector can keep a vigil on worker's plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504945", "title": "4,000 benefit from civic body's health scheme for poor", "text": "PUNE: The city has an estimated 14 lakh people living in slums, mostly deprived of basic medical facilities, but the civic body's health scheme for urban poor has benefited just 4,000 people this year. The health officials say this figure is much better when compared to the previous year when just 699 people benefited.The health benefit scheme of the Pune municipal corporation (PMC) can be availed of by families living below the poverty line (BPL) with an annual income of less than Rs 1 lakh. The scheme was started on January 26, 2010. Accordingly, the civic body pays medical bills up to Rs 1 lakh for treatment in listed private hospitals.\"The financial allocation for the scheme in 2011-12 is Rs 7 crore of which Rs 3.5 crore has been utilized till date, benefiting 3,990 slumdwellers who had heart diseases, kidney problems or other ailments needing tertiary care services, not available in municipal corporation-run hospitals,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi.In 2010-2011, only Rs 1 crore was spent while the total allocation was Rs 10 crore. However, no one has an answer to why such an ambitious scheme has failed to reach an estimated 14 lakh slumdwellers in the city.The beneficiaries took treatment for cancer, neurosurgery, cardiac surgery, joint replacement surgery, severe burns, advanced neonatology services, palliative, and other complex medical and surgical interventions.As many as 44 private hospitals in the city have been designated to provide medical care to the urban poor under the scheme.\"We are making efforts to popularise the scheme and are confident that by the end of this financial year we will take the scheme to maximum slumdwellers,\" Pardeshi said. He also stressed on the need for utilizing mass media like television, radio, newspapers, magazines, handbills and utility bills for popularising the facility. \"It will be a great help if families inform their domestic helps about the health scheme.\"Tell who?* Domestic help through families where they are employed* Garbage collectorsWho benefits?A person possessing a yellow ration card or with an annual income certificate of less than Rs 1 lakh from the tehsildar or proof of residing in the slum, slum tax receipt or photo pass of residing in slumCarry these documents* Photocopy of ration card* Family photo/ or photo of the patient* Rs 200 for registrationOther documents requiredThe hospital's quotation about medical expenses. After receiving the quotation, the civic body gives the credit memo to the recognised hospital stating that the PMC will pay 50% bill or a maximum of Rs 1 lakh as per the Central Government Health Scheme rate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "11505747", "title": "Down the rabbit hole", "text": "NEW DELHI : If her debut show in 2010 was about serenity and nature, this one is about the spontaneous overflow of playful feeling.The teeny-weeny dash of whimsy that viewers noticed in Trishla Jain's first solo is now a full-blown streak in her second exhibition that opened in the capital on Monday.The multiple stimuli at work in this show indicate a refusal by this generation to be defined by any one culture or heritage. If Rumi's ruminations inspire, so does a Shakespearean drama. Fairies dance alongside apsaras. Scripture can be her material as much as Eminem's rap. The 26-year-old Jain, who first picked up a brush at the age of seven, sees no contradiction in the disparate elements. After all, Prada is as much part of her personality as Pranayam is. In one of her new works titled \"G for Joy, Guru and G-Spot!\", she expands the definition of \"spirituality\" in a pop-fluorescent collage.Poetry accompanied each painting in her first exhibition; this time, the written word has infiltrated the canvas. \"Found phrases\" are a key part of this new graffiti-aesthetic. Trishla shares British street artist Banksy's view that \"graffiti is one of the few tools you have if you have almost nothing. And even if you don't come up with a picture to cure world poverty you can make someone smile while they're having a piss.\"Found items - she scours flea markets and curio shops during her travels abroad - also fascinate her. A yellowed greeting card with a romantic message, an advertisement for Zaalim lotion and even a school chart showing varieties of flowers work their way into her installations and paintings.It is as if she were taking the detritus of a throwaway society, detaching it from its original function, and remaking it in her own visual language.It's a language that is suffused by light and colour, lending the show its name: Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies - another found phrase from the Beatles' hit song 'Lucy in the sky with Diamonds.' Trishla, who has been painting every day since her last show, has produced a body of new collages, fluorescent-pop paintings and restored art furniture pieces. She has retained the childlike element of fun with an occasional adult wink (a girl in the throes of an orgasm or an antique rocking horse with \"smile\" emblazoned on its rear) peeping out from a canvas.The result - highly individualistic works that say what she feels. So go down the rabbit hole - as one of the first works in the show - encourages you to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504276", "title": "Temple trip proves fatal for three of family", "text": "MUMBAI: Three members, including a couple, of a Nalasopara family were killed in an accident on the Pune-Mumbai Expressway on Friday evening. The fourth victim sustained severe injuries. He is undergoing treatment in a Pune hospital and his condition is said to be critical.The family was returning home after visiting the Kalavati Aai temple in Belgaum.On Sunday, a pall of gloom descended on the Civic Centre in Nalasopara (W), where the family resided, as the bodies of Aadesh Langekar (52), wife Sampada (50) and sister Jyoti Paladiya (60) arrived.According to the police, Aadesh's 27-year-old son Pranit was at the wheel and speeding. He lost control of their WagonR near Dongargaon overpass and rammed the car into the divider. Such was the impact that the car landed on the opposite lane (towards Pune) and turned turtle. Aadesh, who was sitting beside his son, died on the spot. Sampada and Jyoti were rushed to a hospital at Nigdi, around 18 km from Pune, and died on Saturday. Pranit is being treated at the same hospital.The family left for the temple on Wednesday after Pranit returned from abroad, said a resident of the building. A tailor by profession, Aadesh used to visit the temple every year.As soon as the news of the accident reached residents of the building, some of them rushed to the Pune hospital to bring back the bodies.The victims' last rites were performed at the Nalasopara crematorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "sangam (allahabad)", "code": "11505550", "title": "Lakhs take holy dip on Makar Sankranti", "text": "SANGAM (ALLAHABAD): Amidst tight security arrangements and sunny weather, over 15 lakh pilgrims on Sunday took a holy dip in Ganga and Yamuna on the occasion of Makar Sankranti. The flow of devotees increased after 1.40 a.m. (Saturday night).Mela adhikari Awadesh Singh told TOI, \"Makar Sankranti Snan held on Saturday and Sunday passed off peacefully. Over 13 lakh pilgrims had taken a holy dip. The maximum strength of devotees were seen at Sangam.\" This time, Allahabad Municipal Corporation officials have made out plan for the disposal of waste puja materials.The devotees on the occasion also donated khichari, laddoo and Godan. Devotees from rural background held bhajan and kirtan on the banks and chanted aarti of Maa Ganga.Adequate police forces were deployed at the ghats and sleuths of intelligence, special task force and ATS maintained a strict watch. Senior cops were too seen taking rounds of populated areas. In the city too, people exchanged greetings on the occasion of Makar Sankranti .Noted astrologer Anirudh Kumar Mishra told TOI that customarily, a harvest festival in Maharashtra, Sankranti or Sankranthi marks the transition of the Sun into Makar rashi (Capricorn) on its celestial path. Traditionally, this has been one of many harvest days in India. Owing to the vast geography and diversity of culture in India, this festival is celebrated for many reasons and in different ways depending on the climate, agricultural environment, cultural background and location. Devotees from states like Karnataka, Delhi and Punjab flocked to the Sangam city to take bath on this occasion.\"On Makar Sankranti, people exchange Tilgur (sweets made of jaggery, sesame seeds and groundnut) and halwa (sesame seeds coated with sugar syrup). Pointedly, the day is also regarded as the beginning of an auspicious phase in Indian culture, known as the 'holy phase of transition'. For women, the occasion provides an opportunity to socialise with the traditional 'haldi-kunku'.People also took to flying kites in a big way. And a sunny Sunday was the best thing that the citizens could actually expect. An array of colourful kites in several shapes and sizes were finding many takers in the market. \"I love flying kites and have been doing so on Makar Sankranti every year,\" said Akhil, a youngster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "11513769", "title": "201 Indian crew members rescued from Costa, 1 missing", "text": "ROME: One Indian is missing in a luxury cruiser drowning incident off the Tuscan coast in Italy while 201 crew members from the country have been rescued, officials said here on Monday.As efforts were on to trace the missing Indian, the Indian government set up control rooms both in New Delhi as well as here to facilitate information about the rescue.Indian embassy officials here said while one Indian named Robello Russel Terence, who was a waitor on the ill-fated Costa Concordia, was yet to be traced and efforts were on to verify other details about him, no casualty among the Indians has been reported so far.The incident, which happened on Saturday, left six persons dead. The ship hit a reef or rock near the Tuscan island of Giglio, before it went down.Spokesman of the Indian embassy here, Visvesh Negi, told PTI that \"there were a total of 203 Indians on the ship - one passenger and 202 crew members\".In Delhi, the Ministry of External Affairs said it has set up control rooms to deal with enquiries about the Indians on board the ship.\"Out of the 202 crew members, 201 have been traced and are safe. One person is missing. We are co-ordinating with the Italian Government and trying to trace the missing crew,\" Negi said.Indian Ambassador to Italy, Debabatra Saha, along with two Indian officials, visited the accident spot and is coordinating the rescue operation.External Affairs Minister S M Krishna had ordered immediate action to help the Indians onboard the ship, and had also asked Saha to reach the spot.Krishna told his officials that there is no need for any papers, proof or documentation as the safety of Indians was the first option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504655", "title": "The theatre of life", "text": "If life was a fairytale, you'd dream of singing, dancing, playing a part on stage and, integrating into the natural world just like a leaf on a tree. There are so many stories woven in nature that amaze and inspire a child. \"Be it in school or at home, it's during their early growing years that children need to be introduced to the wonders of nature,\" observes wildlife artist Sangeetha Kadur.Inspiring children to realize these hidden natural stories, Sangeetha designed a nature journaling programme called Green Scraps. \"We take children out into their natural surroundings, where they get to spend holidays in parks like Lalbagh, observing, sketching and writing about what they see,\" explains Sangeetha, adding, \"This activity helps them observe their surroundings more consciously.The writings in their journals, combined with their nature drawings, is a descriptive, informative and personal possession which children carry close to their hearts, forever!\" Akin to the forever nature of learning music! \"Music is a way for all ages to develop a perspective on life itself !\" says Bruce Lee Mani of the band Thermal And A Quarter fame, and founder of the music school Taaqademy.This musician has, in fact, found a tremendous capacity among everyone for music. \"A capacity that only grows and becomes fresher with time,\" says Bruce Lee, adding, \"And among children, learning and performing music singularly and in groups, helps them grasp abstract and tangible concepts, build confidence, understand teamwork in a fun and challenging context, and even more importantly, provides them with a lifelong passion that can serve as a stress-breaker, relaxant, and all-round feel-good activity.\"Feeling good is also about widening the gap between dialogue and creative self-expression. \"What's worrying for children are trends of a widening divide between thoughts and feelings and they are not encouraged enough to express feelings,\" says actor and theatre facilitator with Rafiki, Sachin Gurjale, adding, \"So, it's not surprising that many of us grow into individuals who can think but can't feel.\"As facilitator of Rafiki, a theatre group that works with children and young adults, Sachin points out that theatre is a space that allows for bridging the existing divide between feelings and their flow.\"Theatre is that space where a child can express, without fearing, whether something is right or wrong. It broadens the imagination and sparks spontaneity. It creates an awareness, and helps the child develop empathy,\" explains Sachin, adding, \"Of course, this is all done in an atmosphere of fun and play. That's why what we do are called 'plays'!\" The way Aditya Kaura, founder of Leapstart, is working towards creating play spaces for children. \"As a company, we deliver sports curriculum for children in schools,\" says Aditya, adding, \"We're also setting up structured sporting facilities, and our first endeavour is our specialized tennis academy on Hennur Road.\" And children in a fairytale world, wake up to the wonders of using all their five senses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504745", "title": "Walk around Batim site leaves locals stunned at construction", "text": "PANAJI: Batim villagers visited the site of a 45-farm house project at Gancim on Sunday and were surprise that the panchayat authorities had not taken them into confidence before approving the proposal with several ecological and social implications.Around 40 villagers reached the site in a bus via Neura in the morning. They sought details of the project from the workers and their health cards.\"They possessed cards, which had expired more than a year ago and were not renewed,\" Batim panch Cruzinho Pereira said.The villagers were surprised that lot of work has already been completed. Two small ground-plus-one buildings have been raised.\"A pit in front of one of them looked like it was dug for a swimming pool,\" a villager said.Both structures, erected a few metres apart, and a third one, some distance away, have been raised with cement sheets.Walking westward behind the buildings, they saw that the project site for 45 farm houses is linked by a U-shaped road.\"We saw that many trees have been chopped and some patches of vegetation and trees are burnt,\" another villager said.In some patches, saplings brought from outside Goa have been planted, which is not far away from the site where the apparition of Our Lady of Fatima was seen many years ago.No project board has been displayed at the site. The villagers have raised apprehensions that bungalows with other facilities may be put up under the guise of farm houses.Social activist Bismarque Dias explained the implications of the project to them.Later, they lodged a complaint signed by the villagers at Agasaim police station, alleging that workers did not possess health cards.\"We have forwarded the complaint to the labour commissioner and health department,\" police sources said.The villagers have decided to convene a special gram sabha to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505027", "title": "'Drunk' Yahya hinted at India attack 10 days before '71 war", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 10 days before war broke out between India and Pakistan in 1971, the then President of Pakistan Yahya Khan had given an inkling of his intentions to attack this country after taking a few drinks with an American journalist.Yahya had told the journalist on the day of their meeting that he would be \"at the front within 10 days\" when the American talked about getting back to the General in ten days time on the issue of meeting the President again, according to recently declassified ministry of external affairs documents.And Yahya's word, perhaps made unwittingly, came true when Pakistan launched air attacks on military targets in India's northwest on the evening of December 3, 1971. Shortly after, the Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi said the air strikes were a declaration of war and at midnight, India launched an integrated ground, sea and air attack on East Pakistan, now Bangladesh , and West Pakistan.Next day, the then US envoy to India Kenneth Barnard Keating called foreign secretary T N Kaul to talk and mentioned how Khan had told Bob Shapley, a New Yorker correspondent, that Pakistan would be at war with India in 10 days, MEA files show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11504631", "title": "Jaisalmer Fort falling apart as ASI slumbers", "text": "JAISALMER: The famed Jaisalmer Fort, which has withstood the ravages of time for nearly 1,000 years, and is today a world famous monument known as Sonar Kella or the Golden Fort, is coming undone due to sewage lines and illegal construction.Archaeological Survey of India's apathy is underlined by a signage at the base of the fort that does not talk about its history, but warns, \"This wall is in a dilapidated state. Please do not go close to it. It can crumble anytime.\" This sign has been there for over six months, but the conservation proposal for the fort is gathering mould at ASI office.Hundreds of families live in the unique 'living fort'. The fragility of the walls made a disaster management team organize a meeting to discuss alternate routes for evacuating people in case the walls fall.In August 2011, a 40x20 feet stretch of the wall collapsed due to rain. ASI Jaipur, sent a Rs 1-crore proposal for repair to headquarters in Delhi. But far from getting a sanction, no official even visited it for an inspection. \"Repair work will start after Delhi's approval,\" said Jamal Hasan, ASI's Rajasthan in-charge.For eight years, Rs 6.5 crore meant for its conservation is lying with National Culture Fund, the nodal agency. Its representative Yamini Mobarta said the money remains unutilized because there's no \"green signal\" from ASI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505745", "title": "RU asst professors on hunger strike", "text": "JAIPUR: A group of assistant professors of Rajasthan University (RU) has started an indefinite hunger strike at the main gate demanding promotions under the career advancement scheme (CAS) on Sunday. The university is promoting 37 associate professors of 22 departments to professors as they qualified for CAS procedure which starts from Monday.CAS is a UGC scheme that assures promotions on the basis of service. Nine years in service and publication of at least five research papers in both national and international journals is the criteria for it.At least 270 assistant professors with service experience between 17 to 30 years are working without promotions in various departments of the university. They were appointed as ad hoc teachers between 1986 and 1998. In August 2008, they were regularised under the Absorption of Ad Hoc and Temporary Teachers Into Regular University Service Act.After regularisation, they become eligible for promotion under CAS. \"Most of us fulfill the criteria set for CAS but it is unfortunate that university is not considering us for promotions without any logic and reasoning,\" Jayant Singh, president of Rajasthan University Teachers Association (RUTA), said. These assistant professors have published around 1,500 research papers in various journals. Some of them were recipients of many national and international awards in the field of research.They alleged that university was awarded potential for excellence award by UGC based on the research work done by assistant professors. \"They utilised our contribution to improve the grades in NAAC and to get projects but have ignored our promotions,\" Vinod Sharma, general secretary of RUTA, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11505780", "title": "Bag containing Rs 1.5L snatched", "text": "SIRSA: Two unidentified men snatched a bag containing Rs 1.5 lakh from a trader in Dabwali on Saturday night.According to the victim, Jasbir Singh, a resident of Pilibanga, the incident took place when he was on his way to the bus stand to board a bus for his home town. Two masked men riding a motorcycle snatched his bag and as he resisted, the two attacked him with a sharp-edged weapon before speeding away from the spot. The police reached the spot and rushed him to the primary health centre (PHC) in Dabwali.Notably, this is the second such incident in past 20 days. Earlier, a businessman was looted by unidentified bikers on 26 December. The police failed to nab the accused. Local MLA Ajay Singh Chautala had earlier declared a bandh on January 20 to protest police failure to curb crime in the town.SP Devender Yadav said, \"We are taking details from the victim. A case has been registered against unidentified accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11504994", "title": "Brisk wind on Vasi Uttarayan sets festivity soaring", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sunday got kites airborne once again. Brisk wind in the early afternoon set the joyous, festive mood soaring. People were seen gathering on terraces to cheer kitists indulging in sky wars on the day of Vasi Uttarayan.\"While we did fly kites on Saturday despite less wind, Sunday brought in better conditions for flying kites. The war lines were drawn between nearby terraces as the sky was dotted with kites of all shapes and sizes ready for battle,\" said Ashutosh Pandya, a businessman from Satellite.Enthusiasts also marked the occasion with innovative ideas. While some used LEDs to decorate the kites for night flying, others experimented with hot-air balloons. Hundreds of such balloons were seen both on Saturday and Sunday adorning night sky. Citizens also mixed in Garba, dance party and fireworks as after kites came down, celebrations started on many city rooftops. \"It is a get-together time for our family scattered in various cities of Gujarat. So we make most of it by celebrating it with a number of events even after the sun goes down,\" said Hardik Patel, a resident of Vasna.The Sabarmati River noticeably divided the appearances of the skies. While the skies were dotted with kites on its eastern side, the western side donned a much emptier look. However, a common thread of joy and celebrations bound both the sides of the city. In the western Ahmedabad, the festive mood of the season was visible in the swanky cars that pulled up by the roadsides and handed out sweets and fruits to those dwelling on the streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511161", "title": "My voice doesn\u2019t suit most heroines: Kavita Seth", "text": "While she has won hearts with songs like Iktara and Mora Piya, Kavita Seth says that she doesn't consider her voice to be suitable for playback singing.Says Seth, \"My voice doesn't suit most heroines. However, directors like Prakash Jha say that my voice can elevate a scene in films, which is inspiring. It means a lot when someone like Prakash ji, who has a great understanding of music, says something like this,\" she smiles.Remembering her growing up years in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh , Seth, now considered a specialist in Sufi music, shares how she got attracted to the form, \"I was very small when my father used to take me to dargahs and while I didn't understand much, I knew that they were singing for the Almighty and it was very haunting. Between the age of 20 and 30, I tried all genres but didn't find happiness and inner peace. Then I started reading the likes of Rumi and God showed me the way. I knew my calling in life.\"On a parting note, she says, \"I have had some memorable concerts, like the one in Berlin which had 60% Germans in the audience and they sat through it even though they didn't understand the language. Such recognition feels awesome. Unfortunately, albums aren't appreciated much in India. But I will continue to do quality work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504405", "title": "Camera traps to track animals in mangroves", "text": "KOLKATA: A team of WWF and Wildlife Institute of India (WII) officials will be moving into the Sunderbans to resume camera-trapping on January 20. Aimed at zeroing down on the number of big cats and other animals that roam the mangrove forest by filming them, the exercise has been planned on a grand scale this time, with the aid of satellite imaging.Cameras will be installed across a 1500sq km area, including the South 24-Parganas part of the forest, which has never had camera traps. The Sajnekhali tiger reserve area will also be covered.Ninety cameras, to be installed in pairs, will be used. WII and WWF have divided the forest into 16sq km grids. Each grid will have a pair of cameras. They will face each other for better and additional frames that will help to identify the animals being captured. The cameras run on battery and are fitted with heat and motion sensors. They switch on automatically when animals tread near them.\"It's a difficult job for you can't walk in the Sunderbans. Also, the cameras need to can't be installed in places that just about anywhere. It should have a reasonable possibility of being crossed by animals. So, we are looking for relatively high ground to install them. For this, we shall consult the forest department staff and taking the help of satellite images from Jadavpur University's School of Oceanographic Studies,\" said Anurag Danda, head of climate adaptation and Sunderbans Landscape of WWF. Danda is among the six officials who will lead the survey.The camera traps have to be installed at a height of less than four feet to shoot the animals. Since they generate infra-red rays that turn the camera on whenever they hit an obstacle, they can't be installed at an angle. \"In that case, the rays will hit the ground and switch the camera on. So we can't put them at a greater height that would have kept them out of the reach of animals,\" explained Danda. Several camera traps were damaged by animals when they had been installed in 2010.Explaining the utility of traps, director of Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve Pradip Vyas said, it helps to assess the movement and hence the density of tigers in a given area.\"According to the census last year, Sunderbans has between 65 and 90 tigers. This figure may not be accurate. Camera traps give you a better idea about tiger movements and the ecology of the forest. We expect them to lead to a more accurate figure. This time we are covering a far bigger area that will give us a better picture,\" he said.Pugmarks and scat collection - the two other methods that are commonly employed - can never provide a correct figure in Sunderbans due to the impenetrable nature of the forest, according to experts. \"Since the cameras have to be placed above the high-tide level, they may not be able to capture a sufficiently high number of tigers. In Sunderbans, big cats move around in low-tide levels, on muddy ground where cameras can't be used.But they should give us an idea about the minimum number of tigers in a particular area,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of Sunderbans Tiger Reserve.Thirty pairs of traps will be installed in Sajnekhali and South 24-Parganas each. The WWF and WWI teams will return to the spots to download photographs every 10 days. They won't remove the traps till a tiger has been filmed twice. \"Recapturing is the essence of the exercise. It helps to know how frequently a tiger has been passing a particular area.This will give an idea about the density and movement of tigers in that particular zone, from which we can arrive at a projected figure,\" said Danda.Even though it usually takes three weeks to recapture an animal, it could take up to a month in the Sunderbans, said officials. Due to its hostile terrain and lack of dry ground, it could be taking tigers a longer time to cover an area.In order to make the exercise a fruitful oneand to hasten recaprturing, WWF officials have proposed the use of \"cat lure\" to draw tigers to the traps. \"These are a foul-smelling substance that attract carnivores. It could help to raise the number pictures.But the forest department is yet to give us the permission,\" added Danda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510032", "title": "Meet Samsung InTouch TV Camera", "text": "If your TV's not smart enough for you, this little add-on can help. Dubbed the In-Touch TV camera, it has a built in HD webcam, microphone, Wi-Fi and comes with a QWERTY remote control.It connects to any TV using HDMI and offers up Skype , YouTube , web browsing , weather info and Google News - all thanks to a customised version of Android.It's slated for a launch in March 2012 at a price of US$ 199.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505460", "title": "Revisit stand on regional centre, AMU alumni urge govt", "text": "BHOPAL: AMU Old Boys Association (AMU-OBA) and IGNOU former pro vice chancellor Prof Bashir Ahmed held a meeting to chalk out a plan of action to persuade the state government to change its stand on the AMU regional centre.Addressing media persons after the meeting in the city on Sunday, Prof Ahmed said, \"Out of the five proposed regional centres of the AMU, four in other states would be operational in next two years while the Madhya Pradesh government has yet to provide land.\"Dressed in trademark black sherwani and speaking chaste Hindi, the AMU-OBA spokesperson said, \"We request the state government to change its stand and provide land for opening of a regional branch of a central university in Bhopal.\" AMU-OBA plans to initiate peaceful protests until the state government meets our demand.The AMU regional centres were proposed in the 11th five year plan as part of implementing the recommendations of the Sachar Committee. \"The state government has to only provide land whereas the union government would bear the cost for the rest,\" he added.The AMU had appealed the government for 250 to 300 acres of land in Bhopal 'free of cost'. However, the Madhya Pradesh government in its reply two months back, said it was not interested in setting up of the proposed centre.\"AMU is one of the institutions of national importance listed in the VII Schedule of the Constitution of India,\" said Prof Ahmed speaking at the conference. \"If AMU regional centre is established in MP it would benefit people of all communities,\" he added.\"Work is already in progress in Pune (Maharashtra), Murshidabad (West Bengal), Malappuram (Kerala) and Kishanganj (Bihar),\" added Prof Ahmed.The union government has released about Rs 20 crore to each of the four regional centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510501", "title": "Nicola Roberts would love to go solo in the US", "text": "Nicola Roberts \"would love\" to take her solo career to America.The 'Beat of my Drum' singer and Girls Aloud star has enjoyed a little success stateside and thinks she could follow in the footsteps of her fellow band member Nadine Coyle and launch her career in Americas too.She told DigitalSpy.com: \"If the opportunity came up I would love to go to the US. I think everybody has the thing that they do and I am really passionate about my songwriting and singing. When you're passionate about something you want to do it as best as possible, so whenever I have time off I'm back in the studio trying to become better as a writer. I just want to move forward and keep pushing the boundaries and so to be able to take it different places would be great.\"Nicola's solo material hasn't sold as was as Girls Aloud, but this doesn't bother her as her songs are \"totally different\" from the pop material she rose to fame singing.She added: \"I'm not frustrated because I was aware I was doing a different thing and 'Beat Of My Drum' was totally different from anything that was out there. I took a risk and I don't think it would have been good for me to have just done what everyone else is doing. So I kind of accept that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11505336", "title": "India's first woman photojournalist dead", "text": "VADODARA: She was there when the first Tricolour was hoisted at the Red Fort on August 15, 1947. She documented the birth of India as a nation, tracing its triumphs and tribulations. Homai Vyarawalla, the country's first woman photojournalist, died in Vadodara on Sunday morning. She was 98.Vyarawalla, who stayed alone, had slipped and fallen in her residence on Thursday and fractured a hip bone. Her neighbours had helped her reach a hospital where she developed breathing complications. She had been suffering from interstitial lung disease which resulted in her death at 10.30am.Born in 1913 at Navsari in South Gujarat, Vyarawalla received the Padma Vibhushan last year. She had started her photographic career in Mumbai, where she moved with her family in 1942 and earned a diploma in art from the J J School of Art.Her work received recognition in the 1930s in Delhi as she got an opportunity to photograph the likes of Jawaharlal Nehru , Lal Bahadur Shastri. She is also credited with capturing the departure of Lord Mountbatten and the funerals of Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi , among other historic moments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11505610", "title": "Sonar Fort crumbling as ASI slumbers", "text": "JAISALMER: The Jaisalmer Fort which has withstood the ravages of time for now nearly 1,000 years, and which is today a world famous monument known as Sonar Kella or the Golden Fort, is coming undone by sewerage lines and illegal constructions.Archaeological Survey of India's apathy is underlined by a signage at base of the fort that does not talk about its history, but issues a warning, \"This wall is in a dilapidated state. Please do not go close to it. It can crumble anytime.\" This sign's been there for over six months, but the conservation proposal for fort is gathering mold at ASI office.Hundreds of families live in Sonar Fort premises that make it distinct from many other forts. The condition of this living fort is regressing by the day. In August 2011, a 40x20 feet stretch of the wall collapsed due to rain.Repair work after Delhi's approvalASI, Jaipur, sent a Rs 1 crore proposal for repair to its headquarters in Delhi. But far from getting a sanction, no official even visited it for an inspection. \"Repair work will start after Delhi's approval,\" said Jamal Hasan, ASI's Rajasthan in-charge.The yellow sandstone structure that was built by Bhati Rajputs in the 12th century gets its name, the Golden Fort, from the way its colour turns to honey-gold at dusk. For the past eight years, Rs 6.5 crore meant for its conservation is lying with the National Culture Fund, the nodal agency. Its representative Yamini Mobarta said the money remains unutilised because there's no \"green signal\" from ASI.The change of sewerage line needs immediate attention as drain water is seeping into the fort's foundation. Rampant illegal construction has added to the load on the hill. \"For changing sewerage line, IIT engineers visited Jaisalmer last week. The work will start after their report. Further illegal constructions will not be given sewerage connection,\" said Jamal Hasan.The fragility of the walls made a disaster management team organize a meeting to discuss alternate routes for evacuating people in case the walls fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503303", "title": "Darshini coffee, curd rice to pinch you more", "text": "BANGALORE: A cuppa of coffee in your neighbourhood eatery will cost you at least a rupee more, beginning Monday. Restaurant and hotel owners have decided to hike the prices of milk-based items on their menu -- coffee, tea, milk, buttermilk, milkshakes, ice-creams and curd rice, among others.The quantum of hike may vary from Re 1 for coffee and tea to Rs 2 for a plate of curd rice. The move comes in the wake of milk prices going up by Rs 3 a litre. While some eateries have already increased rates, others are set to follow suit this week.Over 3,000 darshinis and 2,000 hotels and eateries operating under the banner of Bruhat Bangalore Hotels' Association (BBHA) are party to this decision.\"We do not fix rates for tea/coffee or curd rice for individual hotels but ask them to hike prices by a certain margin. We have asked hoteliers to increase the price for a cup of coffee by Re 1 and for curd rice by Rs 2,\" said KN Vasudeva Adiga, BBHA president.Contending that cost of raw materials like coffee powder, tea and LPG has sky-rocketed, he said mounting manpower cost has added to the burden of hotel owners. \"Hoteliers will decide the exact quantum of hike depending on rentals, ambience on offer and their own profitability. It is a market-driven business and price hikes are inevitable,\" he explained.\"Sometimes, stiff competition forces hotels and darshinis to revise prices by a small margin so that they don't lose customers,\" he averred.Rekha Ganesh, librarian and resident of RMV II Stage, said: \"A rupee more for a cup of coffee might not pinch but given the frequency of our visits to darshinis, it will be a burden on a monthly basis. And they should restrict the hike in curd rice price to Re 1 for it will be the common man's only soul quencher in the summer to come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11508856", "title": "Mukul Dev &amp; Sharad Kapoor at Underground, The HHI", "text": "We spotted actors Mukul Dev and Sharad Kapoor having a blast on Saturday night at Underground, The HHI.With DJ Anshul spinning one chartbuster after another, it was a night to remember. We also saw DJ Dona looking hot in a low black number and having fun with her friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11506238", "title": "Cong scouting for new partners in UP: Arun Jaitley", "text": "PANAJI: BJP leader Arun Jaitley today said that the C o n g re s s was scouting for new friends in U t t a r Pradesh after its \"troubled relations\" with allies like the Trinamool Congress .\"The Congress is weak in Uttar Pradesh and is scouting for new friends there,\" he told reporters here.\"They want new friends (also) given their troubled relations with partner from West Bengal (Trinamool Congress),\" he observed.Conceding that his party's performance in Uttar Pradesh was poor during the last assembly polls, Jaitley said this time the BJP is contesting all the seats on its own and is hoping to make significant improvement.He was in Goa to flag off 'Jana Sampark Abhiyaan' being held as part of election campaigning for the March 3 Goa polls.He said that of the five states that would go for polls soon, the party is contesting to retain power in states like Uttarakhand and Punjab and to win more seats in other states.Jaitley said the Congress has been facing dual anti-incumbency in various states due to its performance in those regions and also at the Centre. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11508809", "title": "T-town at Khokababu's screening", "text": "It was the closed door screening of \" Khokababu\" at a city theatre that saw Tollywood turning up in full force.They were there to catch the Dev and Subhashree jodi rock it once again. Said Soham, \"I was unable to watch the entire film. But I have seen enough to say that it is an entertaining one. I liked Partha's performance a lot.\" Most conceded that the comedy scenes of Dev were well done. \"It is a full on entertainer. Dev says that he is a performer, but I would say that he is evolving as an actor. His acting in the comic scenes was praiseworthy,\" said director Sudeshna Roy. Actor Subhashree was nervous and excited. \"After two years, I'm experiencing the thrill of a closed door screening,\" she gushed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11506169", "title": "Using Magh Mela venue to spread voter awareness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Realising the fact that religion can play a major role in changing the mindset of people who fail to exercise their franchise on successive elections, a local organisation decided to utilise the Makar Sankranti Snan at Magh Mela as the perfect occasion for educating visitors about the importance of 'Matdaan' or voting, which is an integral part of the nation's democratic process. According to Indian mythology, Magh is considered to be an auspicious month for giving alms and charity, since the days of Hindu emperor Harshvardhan.Volunteers of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti holding placards and banners moved around the Mela area interacting with the visitors and making them aware about the importance of voting and exercising of voting rights. This is because if the present state of disenchantment among voters continues, it would prove detrimental to both the society and Indian democracy, observed the convenor of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, Teerthraj Pandey.Stating that the annual Magh Mela draws people from all corners of the country and abroad, the Samiti decided to drive home this message among visitors who inturn would convey it to their counterparts. He said, \"We should take a lesson from Westerners who never leave any opportunity to cast their vote as was conveyed to us by some of them who visited the Magh mela recently. We would move around the Mela area on a daily basis and persuade the public to choose the representative of their choice by exercising their voting rights.\"Issuing an emotional appeal to voters another Samiti member, Vishnu Dayal Srivastava said, \"Apne Adhikaron ko na dein chot, chunav ki tareekh karein note, apne man ki tarangon ko samjhkar zaroor dein vote\"(don't hurt your rights, note down the date of election and vote on the call of our heart and mind).Some members of the youth wing have penned poems with catch lines and phrases which would be recited before the visitors to create an impact among voters about the relevance and importance of voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11503280", "title": "CM: I detected fake enrolments in schools", "text": "PATNA: Refuting it to be a scam, chief minister Nitish Kumar said even if it was, it has been detected by him. He was replying to a query regarding fake enrolments in schools running into lakhs. \"All efforts will be made for course correction and the issue will be probed strictly by the education department,\" he said.\"In course of trying to improve attendance in schools during my Seva Yatra, I noticed that attendance was low in comparison to enrolments in most of the schools. I asked the education department officials to cross-check if fake enrolments have been made or children have been enrolled in more than one school,\" Nitish said on Sunday.He said headmasters would be made responsible for duplication in enrolment and also to ensure attendance of the children enrolled in their respective schools. To check duplication in admission, education department was contemplating to issue school leaving certificates, which will be numbered.The CM said various facilities had been introduced for schoolchildren and there was apprehension of their misuse. The schemes include money for uniform to all children from class I to VIII and again for girls from class IX to XII, bicycles for both boys and girls, health cards for boys up to 14 and girls up to 18 years.\"Records should be fair and there should be no misuse of schemes,\" said Nitish, who also appealed to guardians to refrain from taking unfair advantage of government facilities.He said Seva Yatra is the best medium for detection of discrepancies and improvement in the system at micro level. \"Guardians will be taken to task if their wards are found enrolled in more than one school,\" he said.Stating that the alleged fake enrolment was not a very serious matter, he added, \"From the very beginning, I have been saying that the schemes will run fairly up to 92%. Had the students been supplied bicycles instead of cash, it would have turned out to be a major scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11506285", "title": "BSY to begin his tour from Gulbarga", "text": "HUBLI: \"I will not interfere in the matter of selecting candidates for Udupi and Chikmagalur Loksabha by-elections. Chief minister and party state president will choose the candidates,\" said former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.Speaking to reporters in Hubli on Sunday, Yeddyurappa said that he will tour the state telling people about the developmental work done by the BJP party in the last three years of its governance in the state.The former CM said he will begin his tour from Gulbarga on Monday. He reiterated that there are no cracks within the party and all is well. \"We are all working towards strengthening the party in the state. There is no misunderstanding, we all are united,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11515459", "title": "Missing girl found from servant quarters in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: A girl who had gone missing on December 28 was recovered today by the police from servants' quarter in Sector 29 here and arrested domestic help Onkar Thapa for allegedly illegally detaining her.The girl has been sent for medical examination. The girl's father Mahinder Singh had lodged a missing person complaint at Sector 20 police station a day after she did not return home.Thapa claimed he and the girl were in love and she had on her own was living with her, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11515631", "title": "Noor Jahaan Begum, classical singer, no more", "text": "VADODARA: Renowned classical singer Noor Jahaan Begum breathed her last in the city on Monday. She suffered a heart attack. Noor Jahaan was 90. She is survived by four daughters and one son. Two of her daughters are also classical singers while her son is a poet and settled in Mumbai.Born in Jaipur, Noor Jahaan was one of the oldest exponents of Agra Gharana. Despite being a musician par excellence, she seldom got her due. Noor Jahaan didn't get the fame that singers of her era got. She had been living in oblivion in Fatehpura area of the city for years.Noor Jahaan Begum was a disciple of Abdul Qadar Khan Sahab from Jaipur. Khan Sahab was a disciple of Ustaad Faiyaz Khan, a legendary singer from the city. In the 1940s, she first came to Junagadh, where her sisters were court singers. It was only after Independence that she moved to the city.Noor Jahaan started singing at a very young age. She was a gifted singer of Thumri, Dadra, Khayaal, Hamas , folk music and qawwali. Even at ripe age, she used to do riyaaz regularly and was a treasure trove of ghazals and qawwalis. She was admitted to Premdas Jalaram Hospital earlier after she fell ill, but was later brought home after her condition improved. Her health had started failing again two days ago and she died of heart attack at her house at Mitha Falia.Her last rites were carried out on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "the adventures of tintin", "code": "11514492", "title": "India\u2019s best bags Golden Globe", "text": "The Adventures of Tintin: the Secret of the Unicorn beat off strong competition to win the Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature Film today in Los Angeles.Other films nominated in the category were Rango, Puss in Boots, Cars 2 and Columbia Pictures' other animated feature Arthur Christmas which is currently running in Indian theatres.What makes Tintin special for India is, 'The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn released in the country on 11 November 20122 and is India's highest grossing animated film with Rs. 27.43 crore at the Indian box office till date.It is still playing in select theaters nationwide in its tenth week. The film has taken in $346.5m worldwide of which over 80% comes from non-US territories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515701", "title": "New administrative building of central zone opens", "text": "SURAT: With a view to provide better services to the residents in the city's walled city, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) inaugurated a state-of-the-art administrative building of central zone on Monday.Built at a cost of Rs 3.31 crore, the new administrative building of central zone - located opposite the SMC headquarters at Mughalsarai - is spread over 1000 square metres of land. It houses various departments like town development, land and property, road department, health, housing, light, water, storm drainage, revenue, land assessment, etc.It was inaugurated by mayor Rajendra Desai in the presence of minister of state for road transport, Ranjit Gilitwala, Navsari MP CR Patil, Surat MP Darshana Jardosh and municipal commissioner Manoj Das among others.Desai said, \"Civic body has decentralized the activities of all the seven municipal zones in order to provide a direct access and better services to the denizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11506537", "title": "Rahul Gandhi hardsells central government\u2019s weavers package", "text": "In the last two days of his five-day poll campaign in eastern UP, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi devoted most of his time to impress handloom weavers in Azamgarh and Mau districts. On Tuesday, he addressed a public meeting at Mubarakpur, a hub of handloom weavers in Azamgarh district.He attended a 'Bunkar karza mafi shukriya rally' at Mau on Wednesday. Besides, attacking the rival political parties, he mainly focused on the weavers' plight and announced Central government's package as a solution of their miseries. He highlighted the main components of the package meant for them.Interestingly, he selected Azamgarh and Mau districts to highlight the features and benefits of the package for weavers while the fact is that the number of handloom weavers in Varanasi district is much more than Azamgarh and Mau districts, even if both are combined together.According to weavers census (2009-10), there are 82,773 adult handloom weavers in Varanasi district while this number in Azamgarh and Mau districts is 31,459 (Azamgarh having 29,227 and Mau 2,232). If the weavers of all age groups, including minor (below 18) are included, the Varanasi region has 1,09,412 handloom weavers and Mau region has 44,426 weavers. The Varanasi region includes districts of Varanasi, Jaunpur, Chandauli, Mirzapur and Bhadohi while Mau region includes the districts of Mau, Azamgarh, Ghazipur and Ballia. \"Rahul Gandhi is talking about loan waiver, but he does not say how it would be implemented smoothly when the state government has to bear 20% burden of the loan,\" wondered GK Kediya, convener of yarn development committee of Banarasi Vastra Udyog Sangh (BVUS).Assistant director (handloom) KP Verma told TOI that as per the guideline, the state governments had to share 20% of the loan waiver. \"And what about the weavers working on power looms as about 75% weavers of Varanasi are working on power looms,\" Kediya asked. There is nothing new in the package as the finance minister had already announced weavers' package in his budget speech, he added. Verma said that there are 58,359 households operating handlooms in the two regions. Maximum number of households with handloom (37,331) is in Varanasi district. Some households have 3-4 handloom units while others have one. On an average, the department counts 1.5 units in each household. It means there are 87,541 handloom units in Varanasi and Mau regions.On an average about 10% handlooms always remained nonfunctional due to one reason or others, said Verma. Atleast two weavers work on a handloom at a time. The facts suggest that 1,53,838 handloom weavers, including adults and minors, work on 87,541 handloom units. According to records of the handloom department, only 19,109 handloom weavers (14,609 individual weavers and 4,500 members of cooperative societies) of eight districts of Mau and Varanasi regions would be benefited with the loan waiver package of Rs 3,884 crore.According to the assistant director (handloom), there are 14,609 individual account holders in the two regions who had taken loans to the tune of Rs 44.90 crore. Besides, 150 cooperative societies with an average membership of 30 each owed Rs 4.25 crore (Rs 1.75 crore principal amount and Rs 2.50 crore interest) to the banks. It suggests that only 19,109 out of 1,28,075 adult handloom weavers in Varanasi and Mau regions would be benefited with the loan waiver package. Besides, there are also 25,763 minor weavers below 18 working in handloom industry with their family members. They would not get any direct benefit from the package.Data suggests that majority of adult weavers (1,08,966) would have nothing to do with the loan waiver package. Those who do not have any bank loan would be benefited by another package (Rs 2,350 crore) that includes weavers credit card, 3% interest subsidy, margin money assistance (Rs 4,200-5,400), credit guarantee, 10% subsidy on yarn at the mill gate price rate through National Handloom Development Corporation (NHDC), and transportation subsidy (2.5%-10%). Only time will tell how the handloom weaving community of this region will respond to the Rahul's call in the forthcoming assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515650", "title": "Villagers demand permanent closure of GEPIL", "text": "SURAT: Villagers of around 32 coastal villages surrounding the city took out a massive rally on Monday demanding permanent closure of Gujarat Enviro Protection and Infrastructure Private Ltd (GEPIL), which has been blamed for discharging highly toxic hazardous water in Unn Khadi.Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) in December 2011 had found two illegal connections directly discharging this hazardous waste in Unn Khadi.The rally, organised by the Parivartan Trust involving the leaders of the affected villages around Sachin, was spearheaded by BJP rebel Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria and former state finance minister Sanat Mehta.Tens of hundreds of villagers participated in the rally, which started from Khajod village and culminated at the district collector's office at Bahumali building at Nanpura, where the leaders of the Parivartan Trust submitted a memorandum to the district administration demanding permanent closure of GEPIL within a month's time.The villagers, carrying placard against GEPIL and its owner Girish Luthra, shouted slogans demanding immediate closure of the company responsible for threatening the ecology and atmosphere in the coastal villages.In December-2011, the GPCB had exposed two illegal pipelines from an Integrated Common Hazardous Waste Management Facility (ICHWMF) operated by GEPIL to dump untreated industrial waste into Unn rivulet. Following the expose, the GPCB had issued an immediate closure notice to GEPIL.\"GEPIL's illegal activities have been exposed in the GPCB findings and now we won't allow this company to operate further. The company is threat to ecology and atmosphere in the surrounding villages and it will be our sole goal to see that the company is closed permanently,\" said Prakash Contractor, secretary, Parivartan Trust.Contractor added, \"Today's rally was a show of strength to the state government, GIDC and other concerned departments who are still not acting tough against GEPIL. We have given a month's ultimatimum to the district administration to permanent close down the company or else we will intensify the agitation\"Before the massive rally, Parivartan Trust organised a mammoth public meeting at Khajod village, which was addressed by Dr Kalsaria and Sanat Mehta.Kalsaria said, \"I have been told that the hazardous discharge of toxic waste material by GEPIL has led to the death of more than 200 buffaloes. It is obvious that many villagers and general people surrounding the villages may have consumed the milk of these buffaloes and thus they are also suffering from one or the other health-related problem.\"Mehta said, \"There are many such companies in Gujarat and across the country. Being an alert citizen, it is our responsibility to expose the corrupt officers in the government agencies who are helping such companies prosper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11505462", "title": "Rain &amp; hail wash away weekend plans", "text": "LUDHIANA: After days of bright sunshine that raised hopes of a fun weekend, on Sunday continuous rainfall and hailstorm in certain areas sprung an unpleasant surprise on residents as they were held hostage inside their homes. However, some made the most of it and enjoyed tea and warm 'pakoras'.The rain started on Saturday night and continued throughout Sunday with a cold wave gripping the city. Maximum temperature on Sunday was 20 degrees celsius while minimum was 7.2 degrees. Residents of Pakhowal Road, Gurdev Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, BRS Nagar and Samrala Chowk area witnessed hailstorm.According to met department the shower and hail was caused by western disturbance over the region. Met department said due to rainfall the maximum temperature would fall while the minimum would rise.Director of met department, Chandigarh, Surinder Pal said, \"The rainfall was caused due to western disturbance and would continue for another day following which there would be clear sky again.''City roads and markets bore a deserted look with people complaining about plans getting messed up. \"Till Friday, the sun was shining bright and we had started feeling hot so we had planned to go out for lunch and a movie but the weather took a sudden turn and spoiled all our plans,'' complained Koyal Gupta, a student who stays in BRS Nagar. Rachna Sharma of Haibowal said the chores she had to finish over the weekend were interrupted because of the rain.\"I usually wash clothes on Sundays. Since this time I could not dry them outside I had to spread them in the rooms. Though this rainfall will bring relief from cough, cold and other ailments it creates several other problems for us,'' she said.Manpreet Kaur, a student living in Janakpuri, feared catching a cold because she got drenched in the rain. \"I was on my way back from a relative's place on Chandigarh Road when I got wet. I should have stopped somewhere on the way,'' she said. But, businessman Amit Jain did not mind the weather at all as it allowed him enough time to sleep and relish homemade food. \"I enjoyed staying home and slept for almost four hours in the afternoon after which I feasted on hot vegetable soup and 'makki ki roti' with 'sarson ka saag' and lots of 'desi ghee','' said Amit, who stays in Aggar Nagar.Assistant agricultural meteorologist of PAU K K Gill said rain at this time is good for wheat crop and vegetables since farmers would not have to irrigate. \"Frost had also been affecting the growth of vegetables but the rainfall will help in proper growth,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509805", "title": "Dhanush loves Varanasi!", "text": "Dhanush is a busy man these days, with his Kolaveri gripping the nation. That's perhaps why the actor is working overtime and trying to finish the film it features in, 3, at the earliest.But between hectic promotional tours and shooting, the actor managed to experience a holy tryst as well. He recently went to Varanasi, and is said to have fallen in love with the place and its surroundings.\"Varanasi was beautiful. And Kasi Viswanathar aarti was such an amazing experience. I felt the presence of a great energy around. The divinity brought tears out of my eyes,\" the actor tweeted. While his Mayakkam Enna was his last release, his upcoming film 3, directed by his wife and Superstar Rajinikanth's daughter Aishwarya, is the talk of the town thanks to the massive hit number Why this Kolaveri Di that has been composed by debutant music composer Anirudh.The actor will soon be debuting as a director as well. And, he's looking to film his first movie in Bollywood! Dhanush is said to be spending a lot of time these days in Mumbai, where he's catching up with a lot of big Bollywood heroes who are reportedly eager to work with the Kolaveri star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512478", "title": "Gurdas Mann\u2019s wife appreciated", "text": "Punjabi film producer, and debut director Manjit Mann, who is also the wife of singer, actor Gurdas Mann has also received her due recognition after a long time.In the second edition of International Punjabi Film Festival, set up under the Delhi government to promote Punjabi literature and culture, Manjit was felicitated for her maiden directorial Punjabi venture, \"Sukhmani\", a film that stars Juhi Chawla and Gurdas Mann. Director Manjeet Maan was felicitated for her maiden venture Sukhmani by the Punjabi Academy at the do on Saturday evening.The story of \"Sukhmani\" revolves around the personal journey of the protagonist, Major Kuldeep Singh, essayed by Gurdas Maan, who is a decorated officer of the Para Battalion, and who overcomes personal trauma and social indignity to uphold the morals of the army. He also lends dignity to the honour of a woman rejected by society and family, while keeping alive the memory of his daughter Sukhmani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11506251", "title": "Urinating in public is common in this commercial capital", "text": "HUBLI: Known as the commercial capital of north Karnataka, Hubli does not have enough number of public toilets, forcing people to use public places like school grounds and gardens to relieve themselves.In all, there are about 100 public toilets in the city. This is inadequate, considering the growing population of the city and its status as an educational and commercial hub.Several busy areas in the city do not have public toilets. And the existing ones are badly maintained. Some of them are broken, while some have no doors. Due to unavailability of water and lack of maintenance, the toilets stink and not in a condition to use.The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has miserably failed in maintaining the toilets. Most of the toilets were constructed in 2005-06 and were given to private agencies to maintain. Due to the apathy of private agencies and lack of monitoring by the HDMC, toilets have rendered useless and a breeding ground for stray animals.Main roads like the Court Circle, Dajibanpeth road, Koppikar road and swimming pool complex road do not have decent toilets and in some places there are no toilets at all.\"Some of the public toilets have not been cleaned for many days and we can't find public toilets in some areas of the city,\" said Iranna J, a resident.Even the portable toilet booth, put by the corporation near the swimming pool complex road is stinking a lot. It has not been cleaned for many days. The stench is unbearable ,compelling people to cover their nose while walking on the road. Durgad bail corporater Rajeshri Jedi said, \"There are no toilets in Belgaum galli and Butter market. People urinate in open spaces. We have given an estimation for construction of toilets to the corporation. The portable fibre toilet booths put in some places are serving no purpose.\"New toilets to come upSpeaking to TOI, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation commissioner K V Trilokchandra said: \"We have planned to construct new toilet complexes in the city association with private agencies. We have placed fiber toilets in some areas as a temporary measure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nasik", "code": "11504792", "title": "State opens up drive to cure clubfoot", "text": "NASIK: In a major initiative along with the help of Non Government Organisation (NGO) specifically working in the area, the state government has opened up a drive to cure individuals with clubfoot deformity.\"It is estimated that nearly 3500 children are born with this congenital deformity. While the children with deformity are treated, many parents, especially in the rural areas, have simply left the children to their fate - largely due to lack of awareness. The drive will now contribute to carry out a survey, identify the children, make a survey and ensure that the deformity is removed to the maximum possible percentage,\" civil surgeon BD Pawar said.The orientation of orthopaedic surgeons was recently conducted in Pune, where the treatment module, the conservative and the operative forms of the treatment were explained further. The case is not that there was no treatment at Nashik for such deformity, but instead there was little awareness about the treatment - ranging from several months to few years. Most of the times this deformity is mistaken for polio and treatment not followed. The treatment - basically that requires plaster, foot abduction brace different sets over the period of three years and other things like surgery costing over Rs 3 lakh making it a costlier affair for many.Cure International will use the Ponseti method, which is non-surgical, and involves extensive physiotherapy. Non surgical method helps cut treatment costs making it affordable. \"We have been treating the children earlier as well. Now with the help of NGO - Cure International - specialised in the area, the treatment and the rehabilitation - both will be completely free of cost. We will have to take the message to every hospital in the rural area so that the doctors also inform the parents of the new born about the treatment and at the same time inform us about such cases,\" Dr Pawar said adding that the programme is likely to begin next month with the government guidelines in place.The statistics about the deformity are not available as they were never generated at the district level. Throughout the country around 50000 children are born with the deformity, and 50 percent of them go untreated, the rate is 1 in every 500 live births. The treatment is best during the early ages. The sonography helps in determining such deformities before birth and thus the parents are also counselled about the same. However, the treatment begins only after the child is born.\"We will soon start the programme in Nashik. To begin with every Tuesday free clinic will be organised at Civil Hospital. Local set up will be used for the treatment. The counsellors will take care raising awareness and ensuring that the dropout rate is reduced,\" said Sachin Pol, Maharashtra coordinator for the organisation.Cure International (India) will look after- Training programme on the Ponseti Method of clubfoot management- Counselors at clubfoot clinics with information, education and communication materials.- The counselors will enlighten parents and conduct follow-ups for the treatment- Distribute foot abduction brace free of cost to every child- State-level 24X7 Clubfoot Helpline - 887 913 2399Ponseti methodThe Cure International (India) stresses on the Ponseti method for clubfoot uses casting and gentle manipulation for the treatment of clubfoot. It is over 95% effective. Developed over 50 years ago by Dr Ponseti, this method has received recognition by some of the top health care organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511622", "title": "Hrithik Roshan starrer Guzaarish to release in Peru", "text": "Guzaarish continues to be a film widely picked up by non-traditional international markets also besides the traditional ones.The film has been loved by audiences across the world and we are glad newer markets are showing keen interest in the film. Because of its cinematic value, even after a year of its release the response from new audiences is heartening. We are also talking to a leading European distributor to have Guzaarish released in France. This will be a first-time ever Bollywood acquisition from France.Says Amrita Pandey - Senior Vice President, International Distribution and Syndication, UTV Motion Pictures, \"Latin America as a new market is a focus for us. The Indian population is limited in Peru , which makes it even more significant an achievement to have managed a release for the film there. We're looking forward to the Guzaarish release in Peru.\"The spanish trailer of imran khan and kareena kapoor starrer ek main aur ekk tu will also be releasing in latin america. Amrita said, There have been enquiries on Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu from the region. We hope the Spanish trailers for Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu will pave a way for day and date releases of new movies in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504428", "title": "Jail gate farce with alleged Naxals", "text": "Every time a so-called Naxalite is granted bail and is expected to walk out of central jail, Shakespeare famous line 'All the world's a stage' from his As You Like It' comes to mind. With each interpreting the bail order the way they like it, all players gear up for the inevitable drama staged outside the gate of jail. It usually ends with the alleged Naxalite being arrested almost as soon as he is released. A lawyer representing the rebel said that around 31 people have been part of this arrest-bail-re-arrest drama during the last six months.The media too remain alert to catch the action live retaining all the juices of a tight-script drama. With the lawyers and police locked in a tug-of-war over the released Naxalite, the media also remain on toes to catch every slightest bit of the commotion until the cops zoom out in some rickety government vehicle with their 'prize catch'.It was expected to be same with the alleged Naxal activist Arun Ferreira's when he was released earlier this month after the bail formalities. The speculation of his getting arrested again at the jail gate like in September 2011 was rising among his lawyers and media. The over-zealous media on the day of Ferreira's release nearly made two inconsequential prison inmates heroes as they came out mistaking them for the Mumbai man. The error was realized only when the cops started giggling aloud.The undertrials, who were escorted away by the cops for different reason, had a surprised look on their face as more than a dozen cameramen ran towards them clicking their pictures and chasing the cops' jeep. A couple of media men left the place in a jiffy to become first to break the news of release.When Ferreira himself walked out, he looked around cautiously and was unable to believe there was none to whisk him away again. Many attribute to this anti-climactic end to a petition filed before the high court by his lawyers just a day before the release. A week later, however, cops were up to their old trick as they picked up three so-called Naxalites outside Nagpur central jail as soon as they walked out. In this case there was no media present to highlight the drama nor a petition had been filed for the trio to ensure their safe passage home. These so-called rebels were not a 'celebrity' like Ferreira. After being released from jail on bail, it is learnt they landed in the office superintendent of police, Gondia.In 2007 too, dramas outside central jail revolving around the release of Mallesh Kusumma, alias Vikram, would repeat every six months as the period for preventive arrests would get over and security agencies, desperate to keep him in custody, would pick him up again. Now it is learnt that Mallesh is a family man settled in Hyderabad. His petition before the high court protesting his arrest and re-arrest from jail gate has also reached a final stage. \"After Monicagate and watergate, we now have jailgate scandals which is a mockery of bail provisions,\" said an angry Naxal sympathizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11509877", "title": "Allahabad high court reserves order on CBI probe into Bhatta-Parsaul", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Monday reserved its judgement on a bunch of petitions seeking a CBI probe into the Bhatta Parsaul police firing case of Greater Noida in which four persons, including two policemen, were killed during a farmers' agitation against land acquisition.A Division Bench comprising Justice Imityaz Murtaza and Justice V K Dixit reserved its verdict, for pronouncement of judgement in the second week of March, on petitions filed by Atul Sharma and other residents of the village.The verdict on the matter, which has led to intense politicking in the last one year, is now likely to come after the completion of the state assembly elections.The state goes to polls next month and after a seven-phase voting, counting of votes is scheduled to take place on March six.The petitioners had demanded a CBI inquiry into the police firing incident of May 7, 2011 when a clash between the agitating farmers and the administration had also left many others, including the then District Magistrate of Gautam Buddh Nagar, badly injured.Violence had erupted in the village when a number of policemen and administrative officials reached there and demanded the release of state transport corporation personnel allegedly being held hostage by the agitating farmers.The episode had kicked off a major political storm in the wake of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi visiting the village and alleging that some of the villagers had complained to him that some of the protestors were burnt alive and women were raped by the policemen.An FIR was lodged against policemen and Provincial Armed Constabulary personnel following a Noida court order to this effect passed in November last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504589", "title": "Patel, Deshmukh face wrath of party workers", "text": "NAGPUR: Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel and state civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh had to face the wrath of NCP activists on Sunday evening over inclusion of Girish Gandhi in the party's selection committee for the NMC elections. When they refused to revoke the decision, workers started raising slogans. Patel and Deshmukh left the party office but workers blocked their vehicles.Cops had to push them away to make a way for the ministers. NCP cancelled Patel's press conference following the ruckus.Patel and Deshmukh had convened a meeting of NCP workers in its Ganeshpeth office. Most of the activists do not want an alliance with the Congress and are angry over their party's decision to go for it. Gandhi's inclusion in the selection committee added fuel to the fire.The workers demanded that Gandhi should be excluded as he was not an active member and did not attend party meetings. Besides, Gandhi currently does not hold any major post in the party.They also demanded that ex-deputy mayor Annaji Raut, who had joined Congress in 2009, should not be given a party ticket. When Patel did not give any such assurance, workers started raising slogans against Raut saying that he was a 'dalbadlu' (party hopper).This incident has created further obstacles in the way of a Congress-NCP alliance in NMC elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11512535", "title": "Babri Masjid demolition was just an incident, says Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Babri Masjid demolition is just an incident and there is nothing famous or infamous about it, the Supreme Court today said while listing CBI's plea for levelling charges of criminal conspiracy against senior BJP leader L K Advani, Shiv Sena Chief Bal Thackeray and 18 others to March 27.\"What is famous about it. It was an incident which happened and parties are before us. It is not famous or infamous,\" a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said when the Additional Solicitor General said at the beginning of the proceeding that the matter is related to \"famous\" Babri Masjid demolition case.The proceeding before the bench could not go on as it was mentioned that some of the parties in the case have not filed their response and the case was then adjourned for March.The apex court had on March 4 last year issued notice to 21 people including Advani, Thackeray, Kalyan Singh , Uma Bharti , Satish Pradhan, CR Bansal, MM Joshi, Vinay Katiyar, Ashok Singhal, Giriraj Kishore, Sadhvi Ritambhara, VH Dalmia, Mahant Avaidhynath, RV Vedanti, Param Hans Ram Chandra Das, Jagdish Muni Maharaj, BL Sharma, Nritya Gopal Das, Dharam Das, Satish Nagar and Moreshwar Save.The court had asked all of them to file their response on why criminal conspiracy charges should not be revived against them in the Babri Masjid demolition case.It had passed the order on an appeal filed by CBI challenging the May 21, 2010 Allahabad High Court judgement upholding a special court's decision to drop the charges against the leaders.The high court had at that time, however, allowed the CBI to proceed with the other charges against Advani and others in a Rae Bareily court since the disputed structure falls under its jurisdiction.Challenging the High Court order, the CBI has said in its petition that \"it appears an artificial distinction was made by the trial court attempting to assign a role in respect of each of the accused persons and to see which offences were made out.It said that the trial court had erroneously come to the conclusion that 21 persons were not entitled to be tried in the case (pertaining to the demolition on December 6, 1992).\"The order passed by the High Court results in serious miscarriage of justice, violates the principle of consolidated investigation, consolidated charge sheet and also disables an effective trial,\" the petition said.The May 2010 order of the High Court had said there was no merit in the CBI's revision petition challenging the May 4, 2001 order of the special court which directed dropping of criminal conspiracy charges against them.There are two sets of cases -- one against Advani and others who were on the dais at Ram Katha Kunj in Ayodhya in December 1992 when the Babri Masjid was demolished, while the other case was against lakhs of unknown 'karsevaks' who were in and around the disputed structure.The CBI had chargesheeted Advani and 20 others under sections 153A IPC (promoting enmity between classes), 153B (imputations, assertions prejudicial to national integration) and 505 (false statements, rumours etc circulated with the intent to cause mutiny or disturb public peace).But it subsequently invoked charges under Section 120 B (Criminal Conspiracy) which was quashed by the Special Court whose decision was upheld by the High Court.The HC while upholding the special court's order had said that the CBI at no point of time, either during the trial at Rai Bareli or in its revision petition, ever stated that there was offence of criminal conspiracy against the leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11504324", "title": "Another farmer kills self", "text": "BURDWAN: Yet another marginal farmer committed suicide in Burdwan, the second such case in as many days. Unable to get the right price for his potato yield, Rabindranath Patra, 28, a resident of Ghanashyampur village under Begpur gram panchayat, took pesticide on Saturday. He was admitted to Kalna subdivisional hospital where he died at 3.10am on Sunday.Talking to TOI, his widow Jharna Patra said: \"My husband cultivated potato on five cottahs of land. He had also taken loan from a self help group and had stocked up potatoes in the cold storage against potato bonds. But he was driven to frustration when the potato bonds failed to earn money.\"Kalna SDO Sumita Bagchi, however, said that the police and excise officials vandalized his illegal hooch den few months ago and since then Patra was feeling insecure which led him to suicide.A number of villagers claimed that they had not got any money from the potato bonds. A farmer Amar Sarkar said that he had purchased bonds for two thousand packets of potato at Rs 250 per packet but the market price is nil today. \"Most cold storage owners have denied us price of the potato bonds saying that we have reached late,\" Sarkar alleged.CPM-backed Krisak Sabha leader Madan Ghosh said that though the Trinamool government is keen on providing cash compensation to AMRI and hooch victims but is silent about the farmers who have committed suicide.\"The state has no infrastructure for agriculture and the government has no clear cut agricultural policythough the Ma,maati, manusher government has spent Rs.1.5 crores for beach festival in Digha for the rich people,\" Ghosh alleged. Krishak Sabha is now planning statewide agitation on the issue of farmer suicides.Rabindranath Patra (28), a small and marginal potato farmer committed suicide by consuming pesticide at Ghanashyampur village in Begpur gram panchayet area under Kalna Police Station here at wee hours today. He has consumed pesticide yesterday and his family admitted him to Kalna sub divisional hospital, where eventually he expired at around 3.10 AM today.The victim's father late Bhupen Patra and his brother, both landless labourers received ten cottahs of land from the previous state government as patta. After his death his two sons- Rabindranath and Sambhunath became owners of the five cottahs of land. Sambhunath is a driver by profession and entrusted Rabindranath to do the cultivation on his portion too.Madan Ghosh, krisak sabha leader and senior CPM leader said that the trinamul government is keen on providing cash compensation to AMRI and hooch victims but is silent on the farmers who have committed suicides in the state. \"There is no infrastructure for agriculture in the state and the government has no clear cut agricultural policy though the Ma,maati, manusher government has spent Rs.1.5 crores for beach festival in Digha for the rich people,\"he alleged. Krishak sabha is now planning statewide agitation on the issue of farmer's suicides.The congress, BJP and the CPI has also expressed anxiety of the growing incidents of suicide in the Burdwan district, which many years ago World Bank President, Paul McNamara described as the rice bowl of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504448", "title": "Driver held for stealing cement", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police nabbed a truck driver last week for stealing cement bags meant for an ongoing civil work at Vayusena Nagar. Police said driver Puroshattam Borkar wanted to earn some fast cash and paid for his greed.He was charged with theft and 85 bags of cement were recovered by police from different places.Gittikhadan police team swung into action after a private construction company representative complained that the consignment of cement supposed to reach their site at Vayusena Nagar was less than what was sent from the factory at Ghugus in Chandrapur.Around 340 bags of cement were dispatched from the Chandrapur factory on January 8 but only 255 bags were received at the site the following day. The cops first tried to enquire about missing bags from driver Borkar but he was not present at his home in Pardi naka. Head constable Ramesh Chikle's squad comprising constable Sunil Dewte, Pradeep Pawar and others picked up Borkar from Seoni in Madhya Pradesh on January 11. During questioning, Borkar revealed he had removed 85 bags from the consignment.Police said Borkar was supposed to sell each cement bag for 200. He had already sold 15 bags to a customer at Dongargaon on Wardha Road. Borkar had stacked around 70 bags of cement at a discreet place at old Katol Naka. Police said he had already finalized a deal with another party to supply these bags when he was nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507215", "title": "Abhishek Kapoor walks away from Farhan with 3 Mistakes", "text": "The film was announced with much fanfare way back in 2009. Abhishek Kapoor, high on Rock On!! had let the world know that his film Ahmedabad - adapted from Chetan Bhagat's 3 Mistakes of My Life- would have his buddy Farhan Akhtar playing the lead role, and produced by Excel Entertainment.A lot has happened since then. Farhan has tasted both success and failures and Abhishek, aka Gattu, has been twiddling this thumbs... till now. Tried of the wait for his pet project to take off, Gattu has joined forces with UTV Motion Pictures. His Ahmedabad will now take off. But what is surely going to set tongues wagging is that - Farhan will not be in it.Our source close to the developments revealed, \"It has been over three years since Abhishek made the announcement. But having waited patiently for so long for Farhan to greenlight the project, Abhishek has now decided to work with UTV. What's more, the film will take off in three-four months with rank newcomers.\"Everything is in place now, except the signing on the dotted line. Which is why neither UTV's Siddharth Roy Kapoor nor Abhishek were willing to talk about it. After all, there is many a slip between the cup and the lip!The significance of this announcement will not be lost upon industry insiders. According to sources, all is not well between them. \"There are consistent reports of a possible fallout between the stakeholders of Excel Entertainment. Abhishek's decision to take his project to UTV could not have been worse timed,\" says one of them.One just hopes letting go of 3 Mistakes does not turn out to be Farhan's one big mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505942", "title": "Maya banks on \u2018Sarvajan\u2019 to repeat 2007", "text": "LUCKNOW: Looking to arrest anti-incumbency, the Bahujan Samaj Party on Sunday gave tickets to many new faces, while relying on its tested 'Sarvajan' formula. Party supremo and UP CM Mayawati released the list of 403 candidates, and general secretary SC Mishra said nearly 100 MLAs were denied tickets following adverse feedback.The 'Sarvajan' formula of dalit, Brahmin, Muslim and most backward classes, which brought the party to power with a majority in 2007, is being adhered to. In fact, a closer inspection reveals that Muslims have got a bigger share of the Sarvajan pie compared to Brahmins.The BSP has fielded 88 dalits, three more than the number of reserved seats in UP. As many as 85 tickets have gone to Muslims, 113 to OBC/MBCs, and 117 to upper castes. Among the uppers, Brahmins are 74; Thakurs 33; and Vaishya, Kayasth and Punjabi Khatri consist 10. In 2007, BSP had fielded 86 Brahmins (43 won), 61 Muslims (29 won), 89 dalits (59 won), 120 OBC/MBC (55 won) and 47 others (16 won).Party sources said more Muslims candidates have been fielded to counter the minority quota ploy of the Congress. \"This is the first step towards fulfilling our promise to give representation to Muslims in ticket distribution and important assignments in the government,\" said a senior party leader. Among Brahmins, a few sitting MLAs have got tickets, but most of them have been fielded on tough seats. Party has also given ticket to over a dozen members of Kushwaha and affiliated communities to offset Babu Singh Kushwaha's ouster.Mayawati said she has denied ticket to corrupt and criminal elements. \"Their company spoilt some of the leaders from the cadre,\" she said. The rejects included over 20 ministers sacked by Mayawati on charges of corruption.Among powerful MLAs denied ticket are Sushil Singh, Jitendra Singh, DP Yadav and Awadhpal Singh Yadav. Party claimed that tainted MLAs have been denied in view of anti-corruption sentiments following Anna's movement. But, a few family members of MLAs facing corruption charges have got tickets. Shikha Mishra, wife of health minister Anant Mishra who was a casualty of NRHM scam, has been put up from Maharajpur, Kanpur. Also, a few ministers sacked on corruption charges have been fielded such as Rajesh Tripathi from Chillupar (in Gorakhpur) and Rangnath Mishra from Mirzapur.State BSP president Swami Prasad Maurya will contest from Padrauna, Kushinagar; his daughter Sanghpriya from Aliganj, Etah, and her son Utkarsh from Unchahar, Rae Bareli. Energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay is contesting from Sikandaramau in Hathras and his younger brother, Vinod Upadhyay from Dibai in Bulandshahr. Harsh Bajpai, son of Ashok Bajpai, who lost in 2007, is in the fray from Allahabad North. He also is the grandson of late Rajendra Kumari Bajpai, a confidante of Indira Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11508456", "title": "Subramanian Swamy questioned in inflammatory article case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy was today questioned by Delhi Police in connection with a case of writing an \"inflammatory article\" in a newspaper.Swamy, accompanied by lawyers, reached the inter-state cell of Delhi Police's Crime Branch here at around 11:AM.The Janata Party chief has been granted interim protection till January 30 by the Delhi high court against his possible arrest in the case.Delhi high court had on Friday last granted interim protection to Swamy and asked him to give an undertaking that he would not write such articles in the future. The court also issued notice to the Delhi Police, seeking its response to Swamy's anticipatory bail plea.Delhi Police had on October three registered a case of spreading enmity between communities against Swamy for his remarks suggesting revoking of voting rights of Muslims.The Crime Branch registered a case under Section 153A (spreading enmity between communities) of Indian Penal Code for his newspaper article in July this year.The Harvard-educated economic scholar, Swamy in an article in a newspaper had suggested Indian Hindus collectively respond to terror acts.He wrote, \"We need a collective mindset as Hindus to stand against the Islamic terrorist.....If any Muslim acknowledges his or her Hindu legacy, then we Hindus can accept him or her as a part of the Brihad Hindu Samaj (greater Hindu society) which is Hindustan.\"Others, who refuse to acknowledge this, or those foreigners who become Indian citizens by registration, can remain in India but should not have voting rights (which means they cannot be elected representatives),\" Swamy had written.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11506237", "title": "Nethravathi-Phalguni kambala underway", "text": "MANGALORE: District minister J Krishna Palemar on Sunday inaugurated the fifth edition of 'Nethravathi - Phalguni Jodukere Kambala' at Pilikula Nisargadhama near here. The event organised by Dakshina Kannada and Udupi District Kambala Samiti, bears the name of two rivers which are lifeline of the districts. Though the event is held in February every year, organisers this year advanced it to make it part of National Youth Festival.The popular folk sport of Tulunadu is being held at the serene 134-metre long field Bakimaru Gadde, which is part of the Nisargadhama's heritage village. The field located in front of the traditional house \"Guttina Mane\" was spruced up for the occasion. More than 135 racing pairs are taking part in this event. The races are being held in different categories such as hagga hiriya, hagga kiriya, kane halage, negilu hiriya, negilu kiriya and adda halage.An exhibition of flowers too is also organized as part of the event. Principal Secretary of Department of Youth Service and Sports I R Perumal presided over the inaugural function. DC N S Channappa Gowda, Mulky-Moodbidri MLA K Abhaychandra Jain and Karnataka State Bus Owners' Federation President Rajavarma Ballal were present. The Kambala concludes on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11509935", "title": "Gurgaon to Goa: Pedalling all the way", "text": "GURGAON: Adhish Chhabra (22) wanted to celebrate the New Year in Goa with his friends. But, instead of taking a flight, Chhabra took his hybrid cycle and pedalled all the way from his home in South City II to Goa in 15 days, covering some 1,900 km. It's not that it was an impulsive decision. Chhabra had meticulously planned it, putting together all the things he would require on the journey and the places he would halt during the nights, besides undergoing a rigorous practice for a month, cycling 100 km almost every day. Chhabra completed 2,000 km in a month including a smaller but difficult cycle trip from Chandigarh to Shimla (110km) with a friend a week before leaving for Goa, alone.Chhabra, computer engineering graduate, started from Gurgaon on November 27 and reached Goa on December 11. He used to cover close to 125 km on an average everyday to complete the journey in 15 days, five days before his initial target of 20 days. Chhabra's trip was smooth except tyre punctures. He covered several towns and villages, crossing three states of Utttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. Recalling his journey, Chhabra said he covered 204 km on the very first day and stopped at Agra to to see Taj Mahal. He then covered over 100 km a day, stopping at a few prominent places including Gwalior and Shirdi. Every day Chhabra used to start at 5am, continuing till afternoon and then spend the rest of the day either sleeping or eating at a motel, hotel or a dhaba. \"Everyday I met scores of onlookers who were curious to know what I was doing. I used to tell them that I was just going to the next city,\" he said. Chhabra said initially his parents did not give him permission to take such a trip. \"When I showed the plan to my mother and satisfied her queries, I was allowedm,\" he said.Chhabra, a member of a city-based cycling group PedalYatri, underwent a training with the members of the Endurance Group who train for long distances and races. \"They really taught me how I could go up to over 100km without straining myself too much. Their training proved crucial for my trip,\" added. Chhabra did not loose a single kilogram of weight, as he used to drink 4 litres of water everyday and eat 4 times in a day. As a rule, Chhabra always kept his cycle with him. Once, he had to go to three different places as he was not allowed to keep the cycle inside. He finally found a place but had to carry the cycle to the third floor. \"The unique journey has taught me that even if your body seems to be giving up, your mind remains determined to achieve the goal. It has made me stronger, not just physically but also mentally,\" Chhabra said. \"I cannot explain the moment when I saw a board with \"Goa welcomes you\" written on it. I cycled another 100km touring the city. Chhabra said his next adventure getaway would be mountain climbing for which he plans to undergo training at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute, Darjeeling, next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505105", "title": "Killer kites: 4 fall to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four kite-enthusiasts fell to their death this Uttarayan. All the victims fell from roofs and terraces in various parts of the city while trying to catch or fly kites. The city police reported more than 50 incidents of manja injuries and falls from roofs in the last two days.According to city police officials, Kunal Gangwani, 21, a resident of Thakkarnagar, Naroda, fell from his terrace at 2.30 pm on Saturday while flying a kite. In another incident, Rasik Panchal, 57, a resident of Amraiwadi, was descending from the terrace at 6.55 pm on Friday after flying kites when he slipped and fell. Sustaining severe head injuries, he died at 4.40 pm on Saturday at Civil Hospital.Chandrakant Bhojkar, 64, a resident of Bapunagar, fell off the roof of his residence at 2.15 pm on Saturday and died on the spot. The fourth incident took place at 6.30 pm, when Raju Baria, 21, a construction labourer working atop Ozone Bungalows, Nikol road, fell from sixth floor while trying to catch a kite. Raju was declared dead on reaching Civil Hospital.However, according to EMRI 108 officials, Saturday marked 10 per cent decease in Uttarayan-related injury cases compared to last year. This year, paramedics handled 378 cases compared to 414 in 2011. Also noted was a seven per cent decrease across the state, with 2,638 emergencies reported this year. On Sunday, EMRI attended to 39 people injured in road accidents, 41 persons who fell off roofs and terraces and another 22 incidents where victims' throat was slit by manja.Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) received a total of 37 rescue calls and three fire incidents related to Uttarayan. According to officials, a hot-air balloon fell on a factory in Narol on Saturday night and it took an hour's operation to douse the fire. \"Most of the calls were related to injured birds or birds trapped in manja. We rescued 42 birds in two days,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11505719", "title": "BSF on alert mode to avoid intrusions", "text": "JAISALMER: The international border adjoining Rajasthan &amp; Gujarat is reeling under severe cold and fog as the temperature has plummeted to 0-1 degree Celsius. Looking at the possibility of intrusion from Pakistan due to fog and mist, the Border Security Force has started Operation Alert Sard Hawa from January 11 which will continue till January 24. Officers and jawans of all branches of BSF reached the border to take part in the operation.According to the BSF sources, patrolling will be intensified and emphasis will be laid on foot patrolling during night.BSF DIG BR Meghwal said that the border area these days is in the grip of severe cold wave and there is also fog at some places due to which the temperature has dipped to 0-1 degrees. In such adverse conditions, special attention is being paid to alert jawans to protect them from cold who are guarding the border. The jawans are being provided with woollens and have been directed to take help of special resources for guarding the border at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505021", "title": "Where Robot will walk on stage to cut ribbon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Monday, as the guest finishes his speech, a three-foot-tall robot will walk towards a door with a pair of scissors in its hand. It has been programmed to locate the ribbon and cut it too. With this rather unconventional inaugural ceremony, the robot will throw open Gujarat's first industrial robotics lab which is coming up at an engineering college in the city.GridBot Technical Pvt Ltd - one of the projects incubated by Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) of IIM-A - is the brains behind this initiative meant to spread awareness about the robotics among engineering students in the state.The laboratory coming up at Silver Oak College of Engineering &amp; Technology will be inaugurated by Gujarat Technological University vice-chancellor Akshai Aggarwal.\"It will be a one-of-its kind laboratory which will give students a hands-on experience about industrial robots which are becoming popular with each passing day across the state. A telepresence robot, which can be controlled remotely from anywhere, built by us will cut the ribbon for the vice-chancellor,\" said Pulkit Gaur, chief technical officer of GridBot Technical Pvt Ltd which is now into making defense and industrial robots along with educational robots for students.\"The laboratory will be set up at a cost of Rs 2 crore and will have robotic platforms and different industrial robots. The students will be made industry ready with the training which will be extended to aspiring engineers in the state,\" said Gaur who has set up a robotic lab in a school at Gandhinagar. Gaur said that they are getting orders from several companies for robots and technical manpower to operate the machines.\"It will be the first industrial robotic laboratory in the state. With dependency of robots increasing in industries, the lab will bridge the gap between industry and academics by providing hands on robotic sessions to the students,\" said P K Shah, principal Silver Oak College of Engineering &amp; Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505020", "title": "Makar Sankranti celebrated with fervour, religious zeal", "text": "INDORE: Scores of city residents took a holy dip in the Kshipra river in Ujjain and Narmada river on Makar Sankranti. The city gripped in a festive mood as several programmes were held to mark the festival.Overlapping dates of Makar Sankranti that fell on the weekend gave ample of time for the traditionalists who thronged to the terraces to fly kites. Colourful kites took over the skyline of the city as people flew kites on the day to keep the tradition alive.While men were seen on the terraces since early morning, the women were engaged in preparing delicacies to celebrate the festival.For many who migrated to various parts of the country it was a chance to meet their loved ones. Those who could not find it possible to take leave on New Year managed it on Sankranti, which fell on weekends.\"I was planning to visit home on New Year but due professional commitments could not plan to travel. But for the past 10 years since I am based at Pune, I have never missed a single Makar Sankranti and flying kites. It is a time to meet old friends and get nostalgic of the old days that used to be fun with family and friends,\" said Arpit Pandya, who works in a multi-national company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504497", "title": "Literary fest ends, leaving readers asking for more", "text": "KOLKATA: Male writers are often accused of not understanding the female psyche. But reading Bi Feiyu is bound to change that. An English translation of his 'Three Sisters' was launched as part of the Apeejay Kolkata Literary Festival on Sunday. It is a story of three sisters in Mainland China, struggling to survive in the aftermath of China's Cultural Revolution. Readers will be amazed by the sensitivity and maturity with which young Feiyu has handled the three conflicting yet close female characters, moving towards an inevitable end. It is by showcasing leading Chinese author Feiyu that the festival came to a close.Feiyu, one of China's best known novelists today, won the Man Asian Literary Prize, 2010, and is hence someone whose presence generated a lot of interest among book lovers. He interacted with historian Sugato Bose at the event and spoke about how the different stages of turbulent Chinese history influenced the literature of the country since the last century. Thus, the post-World War II phase saw the rise of the Communists which caused a severe tumult in the traditional social skin of the country. Again, the Japanese invasion of China after 1937, the civil war of 1945-49, the famine of 1959-61, the Cultural Revolution of 1966-70 had their influences on Chinese literature, the author explained.\"We also had a phase when literature needed the sanction of Mao Tse Dong. However, Chinese modern literature flourished after the Cultural Revolution and a decade thereafter it came of age,\" Feiyu said. He added that writers, just like historians, have the responsibility of showcasing every social change. He also stressed that after the mid '70s, Chinese authors stopped imitating the Western literary world and it was evident in their creations.Feiyu has been greatly influenced by Tagore, he said, so much so that \"my wife will be extremely pleased to know that I got the chance to visit Jorasanko, Tagore's ancestral home\", he said. He equalled this visit with his visit to Taj Mahal a couple of days back, on his way here.Sunday morning saw Tishani Doshi, an upcoming name in the field of Indian writing in English, reading out poems from her latest book 'Everything Begins Elsewhere', where she talks about acceptance of loss in life. Doshi lives in the US but she has her roots in Gujarat and hence her programme was titled 'Kavi Katha via Gujarat'. However, the star attraction of the programme, danseuse and activist Mallika Sarabhai, could not finally make it, leaving the audience disappointed. She was supposed to talk about the post-Godhra riot-ravaged Gujarat and her activism for the cause of the victims.As the curtains came down on the five-day festival, the first of its kind that the city has experienced, people came asking for more. Interestingly, close on the heels of this festival, the city will witness the Kolkata Literary Meet, that will be organised from the end of January to the beginning of February as part of the Kolkata Book Fair. This meet will see authors Vikram Seth , Chetan Bhagat, Amish Tripathi, Kunal Basu and many others flocking here to chat about contemporary writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509631", "title": "IIIT-B offering integrated MTech course in IT", "text": "Biology, management, yoga, sports, environment, English, social sciences, humanities - all these will be offered as subjects at International Institute of Information Technology-Bangalore (IIIT-B ). Surprised? Actually , these are subjects which are part of the five-year MTech Integrated course and which will be offered to students who have completed II PU or class 12. The course will take off from this academic year.An important eligibility factor is that the applicant should have studied Maths up to class 12. The five-year residential programme will offer a dual degree, a BTech and an MTech in IT. The core subjects will be IT.The fifth year will focus entirely on research.But why offer such a broadbased programme? Says Sadagopan S, director, IIITB, \"IT is an enabler, an enabling tool. Later, students may work in any sector.'' So, they need to know the basics of a wide variety of fields.And sports and yoga? That is because many IT professionals are known to lead a sedentary life.Introducing yoga and sports will inculcate in the young students a sense of discipline. Also, it is hoped that they will continue with sports and physical activities even as professionals and ensure a healthier lifestyle. That apart, the faculty believe that 18-year-olds who join the course will be brimming with energy , and it helps to channelise that constructively.Admission to the course is based on All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) ranks. Students must apply online. The application process is on till June. Visit www.iiitb.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504430", "title": "Govt draws up mega plan to ensure food safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government, it seems, has finally woken up to the threat of adulteration and contamination in food products and is planning a slew of measure to shore up food safety.It plans to set up cluster laboratories of accredited standards for every 4-5 districts to carry out basic tests and zonal food laboratories (1 in 10 districts) to perform tests for residues and heavy metals and 10 referral laboratories considering that a network of efficient laboratories is the backbone of a credible food safety initiative.In addition, mobile laboratory facilities will also be started to cater to large public congregations, natural calamities, disease outbreak and inaccessible areas.Under the ambitious plan, the government will spend around Rs 6,548 crore on food safety measures during the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17) that include strengthening of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).For the first time, the government plans to establish food safety offices in every district at the cost of around Rs 2,200 crore to tighten the food safety enforcement system.There is also a plan to set up a National Food Science and Risk Assessment Centre costing Rs 155 crore. The dedicated institution under the direct control of FSSAI will conduct regulatory research and risk assessment, as well as oversee surveillance on the lines of international institutions like Centre for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition in the US and other countries. The institute is also envisaged to carry out a food safety risk analysis training programmes.The Centre will be the repository of all food standards and will carry out all risk assessment related work and analyze food surveillance data received from labs and other surveillance organizations.Along with networking of all food testing labs working, Planning Commission's working group on food safety has also recommended upgradation of Central Food Laboratories in Mumbai and Kolkata which will cost Rs 40 crore.The group recommended that bio-safety should be an integral part of any risk assessment being undertaken by FSSAI. It is of the view that sufficient focus on food safety issues is lacking in the curriculum of MBBS and an appropriate module on food safety and bio-safety needs to be introduced at the earliest.It also talked of spending Rs 50 crore for nation-wide food safety surveillance network and data collection on regular basis, along with a budget of Rs 669 crore to be spent on creating awareness of food safety related issues in the country.The government will strengthen national food safety helpline, along with reward scheme to encourage public and employees to give information regarding unsafe food and malpractices within or outside the system.The helpline will be strengthened to ensure direct communication with all stakeholders in an interactive manner. It will be linked to the emergency response centres in the states.A National Food Safety Training Institute at FSSAI will be set up which will provide regular training programmes for trainers of food safety personnel and also other stakeholders. A fund of Rs 15 crore is proposed for conducting training programmes during the plan period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11504846", "title": "Orlim locals stage protest at Makar Sankranti celebration", "text": "MARGAO: A kite festival organized on the occasion of Makar Sakranti by a construction company at Orlim on Sunday was marred after scores of locals descended at the venue protesting the project.The event marked the opening of the booking of apartments of a mega construction project in the village. The villagers have been protesting the project for long on the grounds that the construction is being carried out in low-lying fields, thereby destroying the agro-cover in the village.Around 20-25 villagers staged a protest, holding banners and placards, voicing their objections to the project.Kim Miranda, one of the protesting villagers, pointed out that the construction has blocked the traditional path leading to the fields, thereby preventing farmers from cultivating their fields.\"This project, spread over approximately 7,000 sq m of low-lying land, consists of 66 apartment with a swimming pool. This project will exert tremendous burden on the existing rural infrastructure as the village consists of hardly 1,750 residents. As it is, power supply here is erratic and the water supply is irregular,\" Miranda said, adding that the damage caused to the bandhs owing to the construction leads to flooding of the fields during monsoons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11505569", "title": "Inter-district auto-lifters gang busted; 2 held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Civil Lines police, on Sunday, claimed to have busted an inter-district auto-lifting gang and arrested two persons during a vehicle-checking drive near Balmiki crossing in the city. The police also recovered seven stolen motorcycles from them.The arrested auto-lifters were identified as, Vijay Rawat alias Rinkoo and Atul Kumar, residents of Kalindipuram and Lalbagh colony respectively.Police claimed that the arrested auto-lifters are professional ones and had been operating for the last two years.Inspector, Civil Lines, told TOI that the new age auto-lifters had hired rented accommodation where they had been keeping stolen bikes and scooters so that their activities could not be taken under scanner. He added that police have been enlisting the areas where auto lifters have made hideouts for keeping stolen vehicles.Once the auto-lifters were successful in lifting a bike or scooter, they take straight to the hiding house and keep the stolen vehicles for at least three to five days before disposing off. The auto lifters have connection in neighbouring Bihar and Madhya Pradesh auto-lifters who used to take these stolen vehicles to MP or Bihar for resale purpose with the help of forged documents.The police are currently looking out for three more key operators who had been playing as \"brokers\" to send stolen vehicles for one state/district to another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505298", "title": "No headway in west Delhi double murder case yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Gurpreet Kaur, 29, and her daughter Jasmine, 8, were found brutally murdered in Manak Vihar in West Delhi, police are still clueless about the motive behind the murder and are yet to zero in on a suspect. While investigations into the case indicate that a robbery may have been staged, all angles are still being probed, police sources said.On Sunday, several persons -- from plumbers to neighbours -- were questioned by the police and sources said cops were planning to question a man who had delivered an almirah to the Singh's house around two weeks back. The man had apparently asked Gurpreet the whereabouts of various family members and she had narrated the conversation later to her husband. Sources said the almirah had been bought from a shop in Jail Road and two persons, including a rickshaw puller, had delivered the furniture to her house.Police sources said Gurpreet had been stabbed 16 times while the child had 2 stab marks on her body. Initial investigations reveal that apart from the kitchen knife recovered from the spot, another murder weapon could have also been used by the accused.\"The woman's neck/shoulder bone is damaged/cut and this seems impossible with the use of a kitchen knife as it might bend. However this is just a suspicion and we are further investigating the case,\" said a source. Sources in the police also said that there was evidence of someone trying to clean up the floor after the murder and also signs of someone having wiped their hands with towels in the room and even a quilt.Police are now in the process of analyzing the call details of Gurpreet's relatives in an attempt to find out whether the murders were carried out by someone known to the victims.The victims' bodies were handed over to family members after the post mortem was carried out on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11504593", "title": "Two booked not involved in crime, say police officials", "text": "MOHALI: Though Mohali police showed enough swiftness in booking two persons only hours after the twin murder which rocked the Harmilap Nagar locality, it seems that Sunday showers dampened their spirits. Now, police believe that the two booked are not involved in the crime and it's the handiwork of a third person.Shikha, 45, and her daughter Priyanka, 16, were found murdered in their first-floor house in Harmilap Nagar on Thursday evening. On the basis of the statement of deceased's elder daughter Anchal, police had booked Shikha's husband Jagdish Jindal and another Vineet Kumar, who lives in the same locality. \"We interrogated Jagdish for over four hours and he says he was not in touch with the family for over three months now. Vineet was also questioned over the phone and we could not establish his involvement in the murder. However, we are trying to nab him,\" said a senior official of Mohali police, who declined to be named.Police sources said they have detained another two persons; Shikha's lover and a resident of Manimajra town, for questioning. However, officials remained tight-lipped and refused to come on record about any arrest made in the case. \"I am busy in the interrogation of some accused and I cannot divulge any more detail at this moment,\" Yogi Raj, investigation officer of the case, told TOI.Amrit Singh, deputy superintendent of police (detective), Mohali, said, \"So far, nobody has been arrested in this case. We have gathered some vital clues and are very near the accused.\" Anchal, along with her friends , was previously involved in making a semi-nude MMS of a girl who was Vineet's girlfriend. However, Anchal was later attacked by Vineet Kumar. Now after failing in their initial theories, police said they would also interrogate the family members of the MMS victim.'Not A Professional'Police said the accused was not a professional killer and there were no signs of forced entry into the house. The accused could be a distant acquaintance or relative of the family, added sources. Cops also said there is a possibility that the deceased were raped before the murder as two used condoms were found near the crime spot. Police is waiting for the swab test and forensic reports. The deceased had recently shifted to this new house and they were living a reserved life. Neighbours of the victim family said Shikha's house was normally visited by many men.Shikha and her daughter Priyanka were found murdered in their first-floor house in Harmilap Nagar on Thursday evening. On the statement of deceased's elder daughter Anchal, police had booked Shikha's husband and another resident of same locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509555", "title": "Producer Sudhir Sharma's rocking party", "text": "Producer Sudhir Sharma who had produced two hit shows 12/24 Karol Bagh on zee and Miley Jab Hum Tum on Star one in the past has come up with the new show \"Na Bole.Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha\" on Colors which went on air on 9th January.Producer Sudhir Sharma hosted a get together at a suburban restaurant in Andheri where the cast and crew watched the first episode telecast together. Speaking on the occasion Sudhir Sharma said, \"The feedback for the show is very good. I am sure audiences will connect to the story. The title of the show is also catching up fast\".Producer Sudhir Sharma's birthday was also brought in when the clock struck 12. Not just one but five chocolates cakes were cut so the celebration became double. We wish him belated happy birthday and as well good luck for his new show. May it become as hit as Karol Bagh 12/24 and Miley Jab Hum Tum and of course the film Baton Baton Mein whose popular song lines is what the title of the show is and summarizes the story of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505806", "title": "Widening of NH-8 might be delayed", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's apathy towards land acquisition and disbursement of compensation in the ongoing widening of Delhi-Jaipur NH-8 could cause it to overstep the scheduled deadline of June 2012. The state government's lax attitude in providing land for widening of roads in Shahpura and Kotputli is delaying the project further. Even after 5 years of the commencement of the project the land acquisition has not been done at some places.\"The compensation amount is yet to be distributed to the people whose land has been acquired. At many places cheques have been given but the acquisition is pending due to local people's resistance. The major problem is arising in Kotputli where there is stiff protest from the shopkeepers and local leaders. All these factors are contributing in delaying the project,\" said sources.Similarly, Sanjay Van, a forest area between Jaipur and Alwar is entangled in the clearances and forest department is asking for the Rs 1.15 crore as compensation.The delay in the project will increase the time period of toll tax which is now fixed for 12 years. \"If the desired progress is not achieved in the project it will benefit the contractors who will increase their cost,\" said the official. Earlier, CP Joshi, Union minister for road transport and highways had expressed his displeasure over the pace of the project and instructed National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) officials to expedite the work. \"We are working hard to get the project done on time and all efforts are being made in that regard. But the way things are moving it will only be completed before December 2012,\" said an NHAI official.In a stretch of 225 km under NHAI, 88 structures including flyovers and underpass need to be constructed. But till now only 55 such structures have been constructed. National highway-8 was meant to reduce the distance between the two cities to 5 hours. However with the ongoing construction for past many years the travelling time has increased to 8 hours. Adding woes to the commuters' problems are frequent jams and potholed roads.Land issue: DMRC faces tough situationDelay in land transfer might affect the Metro project. With immediate land requirement at some places the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is facing a tough situation. Lalit Meghnani, DMRC project director said, \"At some places land is required urgently. If land is not transferred within this month there can be a possible delay.\" The DMRC has not started work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations as the land owner of a private property has approached the court. \"This land is a critical point as it is the middle point between two stations,\" said a DMRC official.Similarly, work between railway station and Sindhi Camp has not been started as three people whose properties fall on this route have approached the court. An official explained that the work between two stations can only be started, if the complete possession of land as per the proposed alignment has been taken.Frequent accidents at Metro sites have already delayed the Jaipur Metro project by two months. An official said that after an accident, the project work is stopped for 3-4 days. \"It is important for us to complete the civil operation on time as around six months is required for operational testing such as signals, power, etc,\" said a DMRC official. If the DMRC completes Jaipur metro phase I, Mansarovar to Chandpol (9.5-km) by June 2013 it would be the world's fastest metro project of this scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512046", "title": "KRK in love with Sara Khan", "text": "Kamaal R Khan, the self proclaimed KRK of Bollywood, has found a new loveTV actress Sara Khan. Announcing his love for Sara Khan, KRK posted on a microblogging site, \"It's official that yesterday I have broken up with my Moroccan girlfriend Sabah but today I m already in love with Sara khan TV actress.\"His 'routine' kiss, that he sent to actress Asin every morning as soon as he came online, also changed and now went to Sara. \"Good morning and kiss to Sara Khan,\" he wrote this morning. Before Sara Khan (who was an inmate of \"Big Boss 4\"), KRK had declared his love for adult star Sunny Leone (who was an inmate this season of \"Big Boss\"). He even went to the extent of saying that he wants to marry Sunny as she is a perfect example of beauty and courage.KRK had also said that he wants Sunny to act in his film. And no prizes for guessing who would be the male lead in this flick (if at all it is made). Yes, it's got to be KRK himself. Coming back to Sara Khan, is she listening? Sara herself got infamously famous by tying the knot with boyfriend Ali Merchant in the \"Big Boss\" house and then breaking the marriage as soon as she got out of the house. She may be single, but is she really interested in KRK?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "11504307", "title": "Caretaker detained for Santiniketan murder", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: Several fingerprints, a burnt bidi and a hair clip were found in the room where retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar (68) was found murdered at her Shantiniketan home on Saturday morning. The findings indicate her killer wasn't alone. Caretaker Ujjal Tapadar was detained early on Sunday as police found his statements inconsistent.Investigators are grilling Ujjal since he had open access to the house. Though the lock was found broken, it appears that a cautious Renuka would have locked the collapsible gates but left the wooden door ajar.In April last year, Renuka's husband Pratap - an executive director of a multinational steel major - had reportedly lost Rs 40,000. Though the Sarkars had suspected Ujjal's wife Sumita for the theft, they stopped short of lodging a police complaint. A few months later, a motorcycle was stolen from the house. Pratap died on September 18 last year, suffering from head hemorrhages falling in the bathroom of this Shantiniketan home.Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena said, \"We have not yet found any specific motive behind this murder. Investigation is going on. We hope to get some significant clue soon.\" Police also interrogated the girls who stayed in the house. They have learnt it wasn't only the girls who'd stayed in the house as tenants, a few outsiders too had access to that house. Neighbours informed police that a youth used to frequent the house and often stayed over, a fact which the girls denied.Pratap, who runs an electronic shop, informed police that his mother used to go once-a-month to Shantiniketan to collect the rent. Pratap's only desire now - that his mother's murderers are traced quickly and brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504748", "title": "'Russian woman who killed self was depressed'", "text": "PANAJI: The Russian woman who committed suicide by hanging herself in her room at a Mandrem, Pernem, guesthouse on January 10 was depressed with life, said a source close to the victim.Ilena Ivanicheva, 32, who had been staying at the guesthouse since December hung herself with a nylon rope tied to a window grill. She stood on the window ledge and then jumped with the scarf tied around her neck, Pernem police said.The source said that Ivanicheva was heartbroken and was in Goa to get over her break-up with her boyfriend from Russia . \"For some days she was fine and would meet us at the beach. But then suddenly she withdrew into a shell and would rarely come out of her room,\" the source said.When contacted, counsel for the Russian consulate Vikram Varma said, \"I have been informed that Elena was emotionally disturbed and suffering from depression. It is most unfortunate that this depression has resulted in the loss of her life. Her sister is expected to arrive in Goa shortly and we would take further steps after her arrival.\"Police had suspected that the woman had committed suicide for health reasons. \"We didn't find any suicide note. However, we found medical papers in the room and she had painted some graffiti on the room wall, in which she had written in Russian: 'Lord, forgive me for what I have done',\" police said. Ivanicheva's visa was valid till April 2012. The suicide came to light when the woman's acquaintance went to meet her on Tuesday morning. \"As the room was latched from the inside, he called the owners, they broke it open and found Ivanicheva hanging from the window grill,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11513995", "title": "Basketball, kabaddi courts ready for Police Games", "text": "PATNA: Basketball and kabaddi courts are now ready for the All India Police Games to be held at Bihar Military Police (BMP) ground in Phulwarisharif from February 1 to 5.DGP Abhyanand inaugurated the courts at a simple function organized at the BMP ground on Sunday. Both the courts are of international standards.Organizing secretary of the games, Ravindran Shankaran, DIG, said all materials used in preparing the polyurethane-based basketball court have been imported from different countries. The granule for the turf was imported from the Netherlands, the colour and adhesive used were imported from Malaysia and synthetic board on which basket is hooked has been brought from Japan.Ravindran said the fencing around the court has been done by Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation. Senior officers including V Narayanan and Ashok Gupta (both DGs), A C Verma, Sunit Kumar and P N Rai (all ADGs) and Rajesh Chandra, Anupama Nilekar, Vinay Kumar and Pravin Vashistha (all IGs) and Malar Vizhi (DIG) were present on the occasion.The DGP later also inaugurated a synthetic kabaddi mat laid at a cost of Rs 3.5 lakh. Four games - basketball, kabaddi, volleyball and handball - would be held during the Police Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505840", "title": "11-year-old electrocuted while chasing snapped kites", "text": "JAIPUR: An 11-year-old boy died while 15 others were injured in various parts of the city on Sunday while trying to chase kites.The boy, Rohit Chaudhary, a resident of Vasudevpuri in Jhotwara, came in contact with a live wire passing through terrace of his house. He died at SMS hospital.Rohit along with his brother were on the terrace since morning while their mother was on the ground floor. At 11.30 am, when he spotted a kite passing through his terrace, he climbed on the tin shade in an attempt to grab it. \"He immediately came in contact with a live wire and started screaming for help. Neighbours and his brother somehow managed to pull him away. He was rushed to SMS hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said an officer of Jhotwara police station.Meanwhile, a man was admitted to the polytrauma ward of SMS in a serious condition after his throat was cut due to kite string. Several other cases of injuries sustained while flying kites were also reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11505966", "title": "Day of reckoning: SC may decide fate of Zardari, Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The fate of Pakistan's embattled leaders, including president Asif Ali Zardari, could be decided when the supreme court takes up the memo scandal and high-profile graft cases tomorrow even as the beleagured government turned to parliament for support, amid indications that the powerful military would rally behind the apex court.The national assembly or lower house of parliament is expected to vote on Monday on a resolution that seeks endorsement and support for \"efforts made by the political leadership for strengthening democracy\" and calls for reposing \"full confidence and trust\" in the leadership.Even as parliament considers the resolution, a 17-member bench of the supreme court will resume hearing of a case on reopening of corruption cases that were closed under the National Reconciliation Ordinance, a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in 2007.A judicial commission appointed by the apex court to investigate a mysterious memo that sought US help to prevent a feared military coup in Pakistan last year will also continue its proceedings.Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz, who triggered a storm in political circles by making public the memo, is slated to testify before the commission tomorrow though doubts continue to surround his plans to travel to Pakistan.Amidst the pressure from the judiciary, the government has been engaged in a bruising confrontation with the powerful military over the memo scandal. The SC accepted army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani's request for a probe into the matter while rejecting the government's contention that the issue should be investigated by a parliamentary panel.The apex court has been building pressure on the government since it struck down the NRO, which benefited president Zardari and 8,000 others, in 2009.It has pressured the government to write to Swiss authorities to reopen cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari but the government has refused to do so, saying he enjoys immunity under the Constitution.'Answerable to House': PM won't retract anti-Kayani remarksPakistan's beleaguered PM on Sunday defiantly rejected the army's demand that he retract his criticism of the military, a day ahead of the crucial supreme court hearing relating to graft cases which could have a decisive bearing on the current crisis gripping the nation. \"I will not answer to any individual as I am answerable to parliament,\" Yousaf Raza Gilani told journalists in the backdrop of reports that the powerful army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had told president Asif Ali Zardari to ask the prime minister clarify or retract his criticism of the army and the ISI. Gilani denied reports that Zardari had sought an explanation or asked him to retract his remarks about the army and intelligence chiefs acting in an \"unconstitutional and illegal\" manner while filing affidavits on the memo issue in the supreme court. \"I am definitely answerable as Article 91 of the constitution states the prime minister, ministers and ministers of state are answerable to parliament. If anyone has any complaints, I will not answer to any individual as I am answerable to parliament,\" he said.Will back army if it takes over: MushFormer Pakistan president general Pervez Musharraf says that he is \"reasonably sure\" that the military would not resort to a coup in his country but would support the army if it takes over. He also says he is open for an alliance with Imran Khan , but will not serve under him if elected to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509910", "title": "I can\u2019t be fake: Nitya Menen", "text": "It's been a month since Nithya Menen was embroiled in a controversy surrounding a ban inflicted on her by a couple of Mollywood film producers.Despite the threat of this ban, the actress has managed a couple of interesting signings. Still perturbed by the incident, Nithya says, \"Yes, what happened was highly unprofessional. People expect you to be fake. Sorry! I can't. I was misinterpreted for being myself and I refuse to change.\"Nitya has just finished her schedule for T Rajeev's Thalsamayam Oru Penkutty. \"It's a satire on the television industry. It's about a girl who takes part in a reality show, and how her life is being manipulated for the sake of better TRPs,\" shares the actress. She has just begun work on Amal Neerad's Bachelor Party and Anwar Rasheed's Ustad Hotel. \"In Bachelor Party, I play a young mother,\" she says. She will, once again, be paired opposite Asif Ali, wherein she plays his wife. When quizzed about her fabulous onscreen chemistry with co-star Asif Ali, with whom she has already worked on two films, she asks surprised, \"Is it? I don't know. But I am comfortable working with him.\"The curly-haired actress is being signed for T Rajeev's next as well. \"Most of the directors with whom I have worked with end up signing me on for more films. I am happy that my dedication and work are being appreciated and recognised. Though, I make it a point to choose roles that offer scope for performance,\" she says.For someone who walked into films rather accidentally, Nithya says, \"I am happy to have been able to portray so many different kinds of roles within such a short span of time. But, I don't want to die an actress. There are so many other things I want to do. I want to travel, teach children, work with animals etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505098", "title": "IMC to levy garbage mgmt fee from today", "text": "INDORE: The waste management wing of the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will kick off a campaign for collection of garbage management charge since tomorrow. A number of hotels, marriage gardens and hospitals owe a sum of Rs 2 crore to the corporation under the segment of tax.A similar campaign had already been launched by the corporation in past too. While some of them had come forward to pay the taxes. Still, Munnalal Yadav said that different hotels and marriage gardens were yet to pay tax of Rs 40 lakh.Now, the campaign would be launched through the 15 chief sanitary inspectors (CSI) and five food inspectors, working in the corporation, added Yadav.The corporation has already collected a sum of Rs 70 lakh under the head so far, as against the target of Rs 3 crore for the current fiscal. Last year, it had collected a sum of Rs 80 lakh under the segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11504044", "title": "LPG supply hinges on talks with truckers today", "text": "BANGALORE: Cooking gas cylinder delivery over the next few days may be disrupted if talks between the striking transporters and PSU oil firms scheduled for Monday fail. The state government, on its part, said the issue is not under its control and asked the Centre to resolve it at the earliest.Some 4,000 transporters ferrying LPG cylinders from refineries to the oil plants in Bangalore are on a strike since Thursday, demanding higher transportation rates. The oil firms - IndianOil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum Company Ltd - aren't obliging.IOC officials said disruption in supply could occur if the strike stretches into next week. \"As of now, the supply is OK. Whatever loads we had to get have come to the city. We are also getting supplies from the railways. To that extent, there is no worry,\" a senior IOC official told TOI.Bangalore has 3,67,096 LPG connections, according to the department of food, civil supplies and consumer affairs.Typically, transporters pick up LPG cylinders from the Mangalore refineries. Now, private truckers are being hired to ferry the gas to the railways. \"This should take care of the situation for now. We will see how the talks proceed on Monday,\" the official said.\"The Centre should intervene and resolve the problem. The issue is not under our control,\" chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda told reporters on Sunday.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje said she was aware that a strike was on, but had not received inputs from companies that there was shortage in the city. \"As of now, there doesn't seem to be such an indication. We'll wait and see.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505702", "title": "Over 200 undergo HIV testing at Churu meet", "text": "JAIPUR: More than 200 persons underwent HIV testing at the Red Ribbon Express (RRE) in Churu on Sunday. Churu is one of the 108 identified stations in the country which is both an HIV source and a destination of migrant workers.Officials of medical department carried out counselling to persuade people visiting the RRE to undergo HIV testing. The department managed to get the consent of more than 200 persons for HIV testing.\"The report of the test will be made available in two or three days from the nearest Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre (ICTC). It is our effort to test as many people as we can but with the consent of the persons,\" said joint director, Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society, Pradeep Choudhary.The RRE was flagged off in Delhi on National Youth Day on January 12. \"Through this, we will be able to get a rough idea about the number of people who are living with HIV in the district,\" said a medical department official.The officials claimed that more than 3,500 people visited the RRE in Churu. It is the third phase of the RRE launched recently. Last time, it was more women-oriented but this time around it is more focused on youths as it is launched on National Youth Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511797", "title": "Going slow is a conscious decision: Hrishitaa Bhatt", "text": "Actress Hrishitaa Bhatt is not seen very often in Bollywood films these days and was last seen in Tigmanshu Dhulia's 'Shagird' in a special appearance.Ask her if it's her conscious decision to go slow and become choosy and she says, \"Actually this happens with lot of actors. Some wait for a good script or a film and some for a good role. There's a time when actors do everything that comes their way. Even I have done a lot of work, some very good work, some little work and some 'okay' work. But yes, being slow was a conscious decision as I was looking for some really good script, with probably good directors and banners. That's why I decided to go little slow. And thus, I also did couple of regional films.\"The actress also co-produced a film 'Shakal Pe Mat Ja' last year. Ask her how did producing happen and she says, \"Every actor wants to do something different and thus I did the same. I want to entertain people, either by my acting or making a film and make sure that they enjoy my films. I had got a wonderful script and when I heard the story, the first thing that came to my mind was that this script can be used to make a wonderful film as many films are many a time real life stories. You just have to grab the opportunity and I did that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11505704", "title": "\u2018Stay in touch with news &amp; you are sure to live longer\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Want to live a long and healthy life? Make sure that you read a newspaper everyday, watch the TV bulletin or browse the internet for news, say researchers.A new study by Catholic University of the Sacred Heart in Rome has found that people who keep themselves abreast of current affairs are more health-conscious , and as a result they would live longer.In the study, involving 1,000 people, the researchers found that those who were most exposed to newspaper, TV and the internet had healthier diets than those who were less well informed, the Daily Mail reported.The study assessed the correlation between exposure to information and eating habits, and found those most exposed to mass media consumed a healthier diet, with greater quantities of fruit and fresh fish, which eventually reduced the risk of obesity , heart disease and cancer.\"We focused on eating habits, mainly on Mediterranean diet. Results have shown that people most exposed to information delivered by any mass media source, reported higher adherence to Mediterranean- like eating patterns.\"The latter are considered as the most effective eating model for reducing the risk of chronic and neurodegenerative diseases,\" lead researcher Americo Bonanni was quoted by British newspaper as saying. Past research has often suggested media can have a negative impact on health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11514259", "title": "Lawyers to abstain from work on January 20", "text": "PATNA: Lawyers in Bihar, in view of the call given by the Bar Council of India to abstain from their professional work on January 20, have decided to shun work in protest against the proposed move of the Union government to bring in the Legal Practitioners Regulation Bill and Higher Education and Research Bill. They have termed the move as an attack on the autonomy of the Bar Council.\"The Union ministry of law and justice has released the draft Legal Practitioners Regulation Bill, 2011. The basic premise of the draft Bill is to establish Legal Services Board on the lines of Legal Services Board in the UK. As per the provisions in the draft Bill, Bar Councils will continue to function and exercise regulations as mentioned in the Advocates Act, 1961, but the Legal Services Board will have supervisory authority over the operations of Bar Councils in relation to the regulatory requirements mentioned in this Act,\" said chairman, Bihar State Bar Council Baleshwar Sharma.Sharma said, \"Even though the Advocates Act, 1961 provides for lawyers to be independent of government control, the Centre is trying to have direct control over the lawyers and legal education due to strong opposition on vital issues from the legal community.\"He also strongly opposed the inclusion of legal education under the proposed National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) and urged the government to remove the legal profession and education from the ambit of the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, alleging the Bill proposes to take away the duties and functions entrusted to the BCI and state Bar Councils and vest all these powers with a national commission comprising a few academics.\"We condemn the Bills as they directly infringe on the autonomy of the Council. Both the Bills were approved by the Union cabinet without consultation with the members of the Bar. We would not allow it,\" Sharma said.He alleged through the NCHER, the government wanted to establish a super regulator which would undermine the existing regulatory bodies like the National Council for Teachers Education, the University Grants Commission and the All India Council for Technical Education and added it was the ploy of the Union HRD ministry to regulate the legal education sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11505663", "title": "Nitish may stump in UP", "text": "All the top bureaucrats will board Volvo buses on January 21 and go to Biharsharif for attending the review meeting to be chaired by CM Nitish Kumar . On the same day, Nitish said, review of Patna district will be held here, and the officials will be back by afternoon to attend the meeting.\"The first phase of my Seva Yatra will be completed on January 21,\" he said on Sunday. Nitish said his party would contest there on its own. \"If the party desires, I will stump there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511209", "title": "Poonam Pandey in a too-small-for-me bikini", "text": "Here's another update on our very own Miss Pandey who tries and tries but fails to create waves!It is only too evident on Twitter and her followers are bored now, but the question is, IS Poonam Pandey bored? Trying right, left and centre for publicity has been Miss Pandey's forte for a long time now and after 'making' news for her remarks against Baba Ramdev, she has gone on to apologize on Twitter and has said, \"TweeetHearts!! I just retweeted the Joke about Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev... I don't have ne thing against him.. infact i respect his efforts as what he is doing its for my country.\"In one of her many recent picture uploads on the social networking website, Poonam has posted pictures of herself in a rather too small-for-me bikini. The model, who seems to have undergone a breast enhancement surgery is almost spilling out of her skimpy bikini. If there's anything that can create waves for this lady, its her followers- surprise surprise, it's Shirish Kunder and Mallika Sherawat !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504549", "title": "Foot patrolling essential", "text": "Harminder Singh, 29, was clubbed to death at Aroma light point in Sector 22 on Friday when a police control room vehicle was parked just a few metres from the spot. This has evoked sharp criticism of UT police. Legal experts, former cops and city residents emphasize the need for foot patrolling instead of cops sitting in the comfort of automobiles at places where chances of brawls are high.The youth could have been saved if cops were on foot patrol instead of being in PCR vehicle. The claim of Chandigarh police officials that altercation was not spotted by PCR cops is not believable because both were present outside the entry point of eating joint in Sector 22 where the fight started. This leaves little room for their not noticing the violenceMahinder Singh Malik | Former Haryana DGPMere police presence is enough to avoid any kind of provocation and assault at a public place. But for that to succeed, police personnel should be on alert. On January 12, when Harminder was murdered, there were only two policemen there and one was a home guard volunteer. It shows negligence on part of senior police officials, who deployed just two personnel at such a highly sensitive pointPrem Singh Malik | former UT DSPDunk youths routinely cause nuisance outside Aroma eating joint. I am sure assailants were drunk when they attacked Harminder. The presence of just two cops cannot be considered enough and shows a lack of seriousness on part of senior officials. This makes me feel that Tricity is not all safeNaresh Malhotra | Businessman, Sector 22Harminder could not have been saved even if there were four cops in the police vehicle instead of two. The presence of cops in a police van is never enough. They should step out of their vehicles and be visible to the people so their presence works as a deterrent against violenceDr Sandeep Vyas | Senior researcherThe bloody brawls have become routine outside this eating joint. But the murder of Harminder has exposed laziness of police personnel deployed at the point for maintaining law and order. It is cold, but they should step out when there is noise and obvious violenceMandeep Daniel | Sales executive", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504500", "title": "It's 6.6 and the chill will stay for some more days", "text": "NAGPUR: Traditional beliefs state that the weather begins to change after the kite festival - Makar Sankranti - bringing in warmth. But this time it doesn't seem so. Saturday happened to be the coldest one of this season in the Orange City. It also became the second coldest January day since 2003. The coldest January was just last year, when the temperature was as low as 5.7 degrees.The city experienced a Saturday night 'chill' of a different sort when the minimum temperature fell to 6.6 degree Celsius, which is 6 degrees below the normal temperature. Other towns of Vidarbha like Chandrapur, Gondia and Wardha also 'chilled out' at 7.2, 7.4 and 7.8 degree Celsius respectively. Met department predicts that the cold wave conditions that the region is experiencing currently would prevail for another few days with a further fall in the mercury.\"The Western disturbance - the winds blowing from the direction of the Mediterranean Sea, that bring cold weather and sometimes even rain over the subcontinent - are responsible for this climate along with the North Westerly winds. Overcast conditions in Rajasthan and Kashmir means in the next few days, the temperature will slide by at least a couple of degrees,\" said the officials at the regional Met department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510390", "title": "Michael Fassbender unsure about McQueen", "text": "Michael Fassbender doesn't think Steve McQueen liked him when they first met.The Irish/German actor - who has worked with the director on films 'Shame' and 'Hunger' - admits their first meeting was not what he expected and he was being \"defensive\" after years of rejection at auditions.He said: \"The recession was coming along and there were fewer jobs for fewer people. I felt I just managed to get my foot in the door.\"The strange thing was, I don't think Steve liked me very much. I suppose, through years of rejection, going to auditions, there might have been some defensiveness on my part.\"However the pair got on better when they began to discuss the role of IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands , who he played in 'Hunger'.He said: \"Then there was a topic - Northern Ireland. A lot of films had been made about the Troubles that I thought weren't a really good representation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505055", "title": "Women bank staff against Khandelwal panel report", "text": "INDORE: The women employees in the banking sector have also opposed the recommendations of the Khandelwal committee.Lalita Joshi, joint secretary, All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) and convener, women wing of AIBEA, said that the existing system of wage negotiation should continue.Joshi, who was here to attend the second state-level convention of women bank employees, told TOI, \"We at AIBEA are strongly against the Khandelwal committee report. We have strongly demanded that the existing system of wage negotiation must continue in future too\".There are about 7,800 women bank employees in Madhya Pradesh as against the national figure of 1.20 lakh, which, according to her, was not a bad figure.\"Still, I feel that the women employees here are faced with a number of issues, prominent among them being the ones related to displacement and reducing ratio of officer-workmen in the sector.\"The existing level of officer-workman in the industry stands at 2:1. But, it was deteriorating day by day, and hence we want that efforts must be made to keep it at its current level, said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504991", "title": "'Laws for drivers' welfare needed for safety'", "text": "PUNE: Laws to regulate the duties, working hours and salaries of drivers are necessary to reduce accidents, as nearly 80% of mishaps take place because of drivers' fault, additional director-general of police (traffic), Maharashtra, Vijay Kamble said.Road mishaps in Maharashtra are so severe that, every year, nearly 14,000 people die in them. The loss is equivalent to that of the devastating Killari earthquake which shook the Marathwada region in 1993.Kamble said that despite alarming figures, there was apathy in addressing issues concerned with road safety. He was speaking on Saturday at a seminar at the Central Institute of Road Transport on the role of government agencies in prevention of road accidents. Kamble said the accident rate in the country was very high.\"Drivers are unorganised as of now. There are no regulations which stipulate their working hours, their salaries, and other benefits which people in the organised sector get. They are exploited by persons or agencies who appoint them and road safety is compromised in the process. In foreign countries, drivers live a decent life as they are well paid and their duty hours are fixed. Drivers need to be organised like mathadi or daily-wage workers,\" he said.Kamble said that surveys about drivers and their duties have revealed that most do not understand road signs. \"Many have visibility problems. They are also affected by some or the other diseases. They do not have any job security,\" he said.Each district should have driving simulators to conduct tests for drivers who wish to get driving licences, Kamble said.\"At present, due to shortage of manpower, regional transport officers are not able to conduct tests properly. Every day, each transport officer issues over 100 licences. Driving simulators will ensure that only good drivers get licences,\" he said.Cases of drunk driving are very high, Kamble said, adding that whenever special drives against drunk driving are conducted, statistics show there is a drop in the number of accidents.Dilip Bhujbal, superintendent of police (highways), Pune division, stressed the need for early implementation of a comprehensive Road Safety Act, which would make various departments accountable and responsible.He said that at present there are several challenges in investigating accidents. Investigations of road accidents do not get due priority and there is lack of infrastructure for accident relief. \"Cranes and ambulances with desired facilities are not available. The charges for renting cranes from private agencies are also arbitrary,\" he added.Deputy regional transport officer (Pimpri-Chinchwad) Jeetendra Patil, DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, Vidya Salvi from Yashada, and CIRT director G Dinshaw were among the speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515669", "title": "Two leopards found dead from different places in Navsari", "text": "SURAT: The bodies of two mature leopards were found from different locations in sugarcane farms in Vansada and Chikhli talukas of Navsari district on Sunday. Although the post mortem revealed that both animals died of starvation, foresters are taking no chances and have sent the viscera to a forensic lab to check for poisoning.A female leopard was found in the sugarcane fields of Kirtibhai Khairnar in Manpur village of Vansada taluka when some farm labourers had gone to harvest it. The second leopard, a male, was found dead in farm in Budhabhai Patel in Minkachh village of Chikhli taluka.\"Postmortem of both the leopards revealed that the animals had died of starvation and there is no injury on their bodies. So far, no poisoning was also found while checking the stomach. Taking no chance we will be sending the viscera and body samples for testing to confirm this,\" said Franklin Khobung, deputy conservator of forests, Valsad north range.Leopards prefer sugarcane farms in south Gujarat as a hideout. After planting the sugarcane grows in the fields for four to six months without anyone going inside the field. The density of the sugarcane provides a perfect hideout and breeding ground for leopards. Farms are also preferred due to proximity to village as the leopards get enough food supply.Officials were shocked on finding two dead leopards in a day as in past leopards were poisoned by villagers to save cattle and children from leopard attack. But the initial examination of the bodies and post mortem did not indicate poisoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504018", "title": "Kids make collage of ideas on canvas", "text": "MUMBAI: Mornings at the Sir J J Institute of Applied Arts are quiet affairs. But Saturday was different. About 3,000 children, brushes and palettes in hand, descended upon the institute's lawns from all over the city to take part in a cartoon contest organized by the Times of India as part of its Mumbai for Kids initiative.The children were divided into three age groups and given the theme 'Mumbai for Me'. Such was the flow of ideas that the judges found it difficult to choose the finalists. \"Since the topic was open-ended, it was good to see so many interesting ideas pouring on canvas in the form of pictures,\" said the institute's dean G G Waghmare.While the children were busy sketching, hundreds of parents waited outside the gates, ensuring a traffic jam for quite a while. The most common sketches were of Anna Hazare and depictions of his anti-corruption campaign, and Manmohan Singh , among other politicians. The issue of corruption and the Lokpal Bill were top on the minds of many participants, be they eight-year-old schoolchildren or 18-year-old collegians. Rutuja Sawant (14) was one such. \"This is a topic that everybody can relate to and I strongly believe that the Lokpal Bill can change our city as well as our country for good,\" she said.About how pictures can effectively communicate with the public, Sanchita Pandey (18), another participant, said: \"Unlike articles, which require a lot of time to read, comic strips take no time to be gone through.At the same time, they give the right message to the reader.\"Another favourite idea was R K Laxman's Common Man. The old man, with his famous dhoti, checked kurta and desi footwear, found his way onto a good many canvases. Many among the younger participants drew a \"cleaner, greener Mumbai\". \"If we ourselves don't change our approach, we cannot expect others to do so. I wish people take cleanliness more seriously in this city,\" said Sachi Parikh (8). Quite a few participants in her age group drew their favourite cartoon characters.Close to 1,500 children, the youngest of the lot, occupied the lawns. The rest had to be accommodated in the classrooms on all five floors of the institute.\"Children are so much more aware of the socio-political condition of (our country) these days. They know right from wrong and what they want, clearly,\" said actor Anil Kapoor , who attended the event as a guest and announced the shortlist of finalists.The children in the shortlist were to meet R K Laxman on Sunday at his Pune residence. The winners will be announced by the great cartoonist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11503924", "title": "Woman rescues minor abandoned by uncle", "text": "MUMBAI: A housewife from Khar Danda rescued a 12-year-old boy from Rajasthan who was abandoned at Carter Road, Bandra, by his uncle so that he could usurp his property.The boy, Pinto Kumar Mina, is from Aklewada village in Pratapgrarh district of Rajasthan. Susie Napier (40) rescued him and got him home. She later handed him over to the Khar police station. He was then taken to the Mankhurd children's home.But Susie gives credit to vegetable vendor, Bharat Yadav, for informing her about the boy. \"Last week, Yadav told me that a boy was lying on the road in the cold for two days without food. and was sleeping in the cold winter nights shivering. I could feel the pain andI rushed to the spot immediately, brought the child home and gave him food. He was starving,\" said Susie.The boy revealed his name as Pinto Kumar Mina andsaid he came to Mumbai along with his uncle Rakesh Kumar in the first week of January. \"The child said his parents were dead and that he studied in a local school in Std IV. His uncle told him that their financial condition was not good and hence they would go to Mumbai and he would find a good job,\" said Susie.The boy said he has a 16-year-old sister. He suspects that his uncle abandoned him so that he could get his sister married to someone of his choice and take away their property.The Khar police recorded the boy's statement on Friday before handing him over to the children's home. \"We have alerted the Rajasthan police control room and the police station of the area where the child stays. We are awaiting a reply from the cops,\" said senior inspector Mangesh Potte.Sub-inspector of the Khar police station,Calcecus DMello, said that the child needs counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "badal (muktsar)", "code": "11505507", "title": "Badal siblings: United they rock", "text": "BADAL (MUKTSAR): As brothers spar, these sisters epitomize sibling love. In a village where political interests have brought a prickly rivalry between two brothers out in the public, a gorgeous sibling harmony between four sisters is bringing unsuspecting and unusual warmth to the locals.Born into a shrinking Muslim minority of the Badal village, these kinfolks - Arshad Begum, Mumtaz Begum, Shamshad Begum and Nisha Noor - are the professional entertainers who use their humorous and satirical dialogues, mimes and songs to add zest to occasions like weddings, betrothal ceremonies, child births or convivial gatherings like Lohri, Diwali and Eid.Known as Mirasi in the village community's social lexicon, they earn their living by entertaining others. These siblings have recently earned a sobriquet 'Badal Sisters', which they proudly display outside their house, less than 500 metres away from the CM's residence and another 500 metres from the house of Gurdas Badal.However, despite their popularity and following, the growing acrimony in the family of Badal clan, who they refer to as their \"patrons and well-wishers\", has left them and their mother Rasheeda Begum upset.\"Both Badal saab and Das ji have been offering help in cash and kind over the years. It's really a tough situation for us when they come and seek vote here,\" Begum inconsolably breaks into tears, recalling the poignant memories of several nights of singing songs on the wedding occasions of both Parkash and Gurdas Badal.The deputy CM, Sukhbir, and former finance minister Manpreet, who frequently visit her, endearingly call her 'daadi', she says.Two decades ago, her four daughters took their entourage to the weddings of the Badal scions.\"We would sing the whole night sitting on the terraces, one hand placed on the ear and the other extended in front. That was the spirit of the family,\" shares Mumtaz Begum, one of the sisters.Such programmes became popular among other villagers on full-moon nights.The other lead sister Nisha Noor, who is the soprano and sings high harmony, says now the 'Badal Sisters' is keen to help people know that selfishness, jealousy and sibling rivalry maligns and ruins a family.\"It's really sad. Last evening, Harsimrat ji was here to seek votes. A couple of days ago, Das ji was here as well. What should we tell them. We only hope they get together one day,\" the 42-year-old says.A year ago, the CM even gifted a Rs 10,000 cheque to grandaughter Shahnaz when she sought a job and wanted to quit her family profession of public singing.Who are Mirasi?Mirasi is a term used in Punjab for persons who earn their living by entertaining others. They are known as Bhand or Naqqal (actors or jesters) and are the great story tellers. The community is also known as Rudalis or Rondh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505260", "title": "Ghazipur tops with 1,130 complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cases of poll code violation may be registered with the Election Commission every day, but there are some districts which appear to have scant regard for the rules that have been put in place. In a state where many districts have displayed 'model conduct' and drawn appreciation from authorities, Ghazipur has touched highs, or lows, that have made the rest pale into insignificance.Till Sunday, according to the Election Commission data, a total of 1,585 FIRs were filed against various persons for flouting the model code of conduct. Of this number, Ghazipur alone accounted for over 1,130 complaints. An election official from Ghazipur said, \"FIRs have been registered on different grounds - for carrying arms illegally, unaccounted cash, alcohol as well as for putting up party posters and flags on walls and outside people's homes without the requisite permissions from the EC.''Though Ghazipur has topped the chart with the highest number of cases registered, a few other districts have also kept election observers on their feet. Pilibhit, though not close, came second with 54 FIRs registered against contesting candidates or party workers. The Election Commission officials, however, maintained that stringent rules and regulations have kept many unlawful activities in the state under check.\"This year, the monitoring has become twice as tough as it was in the years gone by. As a result, a lot of things that might have passed muster earlier are getting noticed. Action is also being initiated in order to send out a strong message that the commission will not tolerate any misbehaviour,'' a senior EC official said.So far, the EC has registered nearly 4.84 lakh cases where candidates or political party workers have flouted the model code of conduct. The commission has also issued non-bailable warrants against 14,970 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11503893", "title": "5 participants taken to hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: Five Mumbai Marathon participants had to be taken to hospitals for illness or injury during the event on Sunday, while its medical base camp treated more than 3,500 runners.While many participants walked up to the camp outside Azad Maidan, others had to be picked up along the route by volunteers and taken there.Sagar Desai (21) suffered from severe dehydration and hypoglycemia during the Half Marathon. \"He was treated with intravenous glucose and later shifted to Bombay Hospital,\" said Dr Vijay D'Silva, medical director, Asian Heart Institute and in-charge of medical facilities at the event.Dinesh Kumar Chandrakar (45) collapsed following severe chest pain during the Full Marathon at the Bandra Worli Sea-link and had to be taken to Lilavati Hospital. The organizers said he may have suffered a heart attack.Anju Handa received multiple face injuries after she fell while running. \"She had bruises all over, a tooth fracture and she suffered from polytrauma. We don't know if she was a participant or spectator; she was shifted to Bombay Hospital,\" said Dr D'Silva.Sunil Kumar Lulla (39), unable to finish the Half Marathon due to severe leg pain, was admitted to Jaslok Hospital for a suspected ligament tear.Oral rehydration, cramps and nausea were the most attended problems of the runners. \"Just being an enthusiast cannot suffice. Thorough training, medical fitness and following medical guidance are better options,\" Dr D'Silva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11505175", "title": "Cannot discard possibility of extraterrestrial life: Madhavan Nair", "text": "KOCHI: The possibility of existence of life on planets outside our galaxy could not be ruled out, said former ISRO chairman G Madhavan Nair.\"Studies in this regard are currently underway in countries like Australia and United States and the presence of alien life is not yet confirmed,\" he said.He was answering a question on extraterrestrial life during a programme organized as part of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda at the Children's Park in Kochi on Sunday.During his inaugural address, Nair said though modern scientific research gained momentum with invention of powerful tools for observation, the question on evolution of the universe still lingers.\"It is believed that the whole universe started with a big bang and is still expanding. The question that remains is whether the expansion will continue forever or reach a stage in which expansion will be reversed leading to another big bang,\" said Nair.Justice M Rachandran, novelist C Radhakrishnan and career expert Dr P R Venkitaraman also spoke during the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506219", "title": "Hazratganj back to square one", "text": "LUCKNOW: A year after a renovated Hazratganj -- with glittering fountains, synchronised signage, wider roads and rows of Victorian lamps -- was dedicated to the people of Lucknow by chief minister Mayawati on her birthday, the 201-year-old posh market place is gradually going back to its old messy self.The upmarket locality which enjoyed an extraordinary status last year, with even the chief minister personally making trips to Ganj to take stock of the renovation work, is now craving for even routine maintenance. Some of its corners have already turned into public spittoons while others into garbage dumping sites. Rampant encroachment has made the things even worse.For whatever the reasons, authorities have completely failed to check the menace - encroachment and irregular parking of vehicles - which they intended to when the market was renovated amidst much fanfare last year. Traders claim that the attitude of authorities towards the locality changed dramatically once the rituals of formal dedication by the CM was over. \"One can see the effects of total absence of enforcement,'' said a trader as he pointed to the green patch stained by paan-spitting people. Quite a few stretches of market have no provision of proper dumping of garbage. Instead, garbage was seen as spilling over the `designer' dustbins that were installed in the market.Pramod, a trader, said that at times they themselves clean up the corridors in the absence of safai-karamcharis. `Whatever municipal staff is present is not enough to maintain the market,'' he said. The situation has turned even worse for the corridor near Mayfair cinema. ``The sewer is flowing every time and there is no one to attend the problem,'' said Ram Advani, a book storeowner in Hazratganj. \"The municipal staff don't do their duty and simply waste time all day,\" he added.Encroachment of public pathways is also back to haunt the heritage market which got a facelift at a heavy investment of more than Rs 200 crore. Vendors are back to their old ways as municipal authorities watch them occupy foot paths, often blocking pedestrian movements.President of Hazratganj Traders' Association (HTA), KC Bhambawani, said that traders intended to constitute a supervising committee after the assembly elections were over. ``We would request the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) to push in some extra staff for better maintenance of the market which is of such significance not only to the traders but all the people of Lucknow,'' he said.\"We are even ready to contribute financially for better cleanliness and maintenance of the market,'' Bhambawani added. He said that for the timebeing, all the shopkeepers have been asked to get their stretch of corridors cleaned up. HTA members maintained that the approach of authorities towards the market had declined sharply.The market was renovated by Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) but was handed over to the Lucknow Municipal Corporation for maintenance under an agreement. The LMC, on its part, decided to get the maintenance done with the revenue it would get from the multi-level parking lot. However, as the situation persists, vehicles continue to get parked on the road and not in the parking lot. Although traffic cops and enforcement officials show much alacrity in booking and lifting the vehicles of commoners, number of cars sporting red/blue beacons are routinely parked in the noparking zones with impunity.The parking lot itself has a faulty exit which leads to traffic jam on the main thoroughfare. Besides, often power connection is snapped due to nonpayment, dissuading visitors to park their vehicles here. The under-utilisation of this parking lot has raised all the more doubts about the utility of three more parking lots that are coming up around Hazratganj - one at Sarojini Naidu park, two others in Lal Bagh.Times ViewIf the facelift of Hazratganj was unprecedented, its quick return journey to the old messy self is equally appalling. And only the government machinery should not to be faulted for this. The people of Lucknow are equally responsible. True, there is total lack of enforcement from the civic bodies so far as removing encroachments and cleaning pathways is concerned. But shouldn't Lucknowites also think ten times before spitting paan, or parking our vehicles on the roadside? Ganj is the heart of the city and its well-being will largely depend on sincere effort and not just symbolic gestures. If the heritage market is not given urgent attention, nobody can stop this dream destination from turning into a nightmare for commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11505749", "title": "Want salary hike? Hit the gym", "text": "LONDON: Here's the ultimate motivation for regular exercising - apart from helping you stay fit, workouts can also boost your pay packet, a new study has claimed.Researchers at Cleveland State University have carried out the study and found that jogging , swimming or even lifting weights in the gym at least three times a week could increase one's income by up to 9%.In fact, doing moderate exercises such as a regular brisk walk also has a positive effect on earnings, the study claims.For their study, the researchers thoroughly analyzed two sets of questionnaires in US, involving over 12,000 people . Details about salaries and the extent to which people exercised were analyzed. They found that people exercising three times a week could expect a salary between 6 and 9% greater than those who don't.And, for those exercising between one and three times a month, the benefit was still an additional 5%, the Daily Mail reported. Previous researches found exercises to be an important tool for managing everything from stress and depression to healing injuries and preventing disease. But, this study is probably the first to establish a link between workouts and a person's income.\"In addition to the positive impacts on heart, weight and other medical issues, studies show that exercise leads to improved mental function, psychological condition and higher energy levels.\"All three of these traits can translate into higher earnings ,\" lead researcher Vasilios Kosteas was quoted by the British newspaper as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11505149", "title": "Cops nab LTTE sympathizer from Chennai", "text": "KOCHI: A suspected sympathizer of the banned LTTE was arrested by Kochi city police from Chengalpettu in Chennai in connection with a human trafficking case involving Sri Lankan Tamils.The case pertains to the incident in which an international human trafficking racket attempted to illegally transport 39 Sri Lankan Tamils to Australia from Kerala on a fishing boat.A team from the Central police station in the city arrested the accused, who is said to be the kingpin of the racket, with the help of Tamil Nadu police. The arrested was identified as Senthuran (38) of Kandy, Sri Lanka .\"We brought the accused from Chennai on Sunday and presented him before the local magistrate, who remanded him in judicial custody,\" police officials said.The police will seek the custody of the arrested from the court to nab other members of the racket.It was in September 2011 that city police thwarted the human trafficking attempt and arrested nine persons, including four Malayalis. Police also seized a fishing boat from Munnambam, which was arranged by the racket to transport Sri Lankan Tamils to Australia.The group had consisted of 28 men, seven women and four children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505056", "title": "President commemorates Panipat battle", "text": "PUNE: President Pratibha Patil said on Saturday that history had taught us lessons and that there were several examples of women's empowerment in history. More such examples were required in today's era, she said at a programme to mark the 251st anniversary of the Panipat battle at Panipat in Haryana.The function was organised by a Pune-based group of historians and history lovers, in association with the local governments of Panipat. The programme was organised to showcase the valour shown by Maratha warriors during that battle.A group of youngsters from Pune had organised a bike rally to Panipat. Nearly 350 men and 41 women participated in the rally, which reached Panipat on Saturday. The rally started from Shaniwarwada in the city last month. The participants travelled nearly 2,000 km before reaching the battle place. Nearly 1,500 people, including the descendants of the warriors, paid homage to the martyrs of the war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504301", "title": "Man returns from UAE, hangs self near airport", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old man committed suicide near Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport at Sahar on Sunday morning, hours after he landed in the city from Dubai. The deceased, Manuel Pereira, was a resident of Madgaon in Goa. Police officials suspect that Pereira was upset after his visa was cancelled in Dubai.\"Pereira had taken an Air India flight and landed at the airport around 5am. Around 7am, we were alerted about a man hanging near a nullah at the Ambassador Flight Kitchen junction. A passport found in his pocket helped us establish his identity. His luggage, however, is still missing,\" said assistant police commissioner Chandrahas Chavan. \"It's a case of suicide.\"Pereira had used a nylon rope to hang himself from a water pipe over the nullah. Witnesses said the nullah is six to eight feet deep and the spot is desolate.Cops will go through the footage from closed-circuit cameras at the airport and the junction to find out about Pereira's movements after his arrival. \"He was employed in Dubai but we are yet to procure details of his workplace,\" Chavan added.Sahar resident and former corporator Nicholas Almeida said he helped the cops communicate with Pereira's family in Goa. \"Pereira's passport listed his residence address as Marlem in Madgaon. I contacted Goan social clubs in Mumbai and through them, sent word to Pereira's village,\" Almeida said.Pereira would have celebrated his birthday on Wednesday. What struck us as strange was that his trousers had been pulled down till his knees. The location where the incident took place is very sensitive due to its proximity to the airport,\" he said.Pereira's father and brother will arrive in Mumbai on Monday. His body has been sent for an autopsy. No suicide note was found. The police are now trying to find out whether Pereira left his luggage on the conveyor belt or dumped it somewhere outside the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505654", "title": "22 personnel of Army\u2019s SWC decorated", "text": "JAIPUR: The South Western Command (SWC) of the Army on Sunday decorated 22 of its officers and jawans with Vishist Seva Medal (VSM) and Sena Medal (gallantry) for their bravery and distinguished service to the nation at a glittering investiture ceremony and Army Day celebrations here.Eight units of the SWC, which stood first in all aspects of soldiering, were also accorded appreciation awards during the ceremony.Lieutenant-General Gyan Bhushan, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of SWC, honoured Lieutenant-General Sanjeev Anand, GOC 10 Corps, Brigadier Harjinder Bhullar and Brigadier P K M Raja with Vishist Seva Medal for their distinguished service.Nineteen other officers and jawans were also decorated with Sena Medal for exhibiting extreme feats of bravery and courage to protect their colleagues and eliminating enemies while performing their duties in areas swarming with terrorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11504685", "title": "Illegal sand mining in Tiracol river under scanner", "text": "MAPUSA: Following repeated complaints to the office of the Pernem mamlatdar and deputy collector, Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) and the police about illegal sand mining, Pernem mamlatdar Satish Dessai along with the police on Friday and Saturday raided Kerim, Kiranpani and at Bhalkhajan-the three sites of sand extraction in the Tiracol river. Unofficial estimates suggest that this stretch comprises around 35% of the total sand extraction in Goa.The officials detained labourers, vehicles and seized boats used for sand extraction and have warned of strict action against those indulging in illegal sand mining.\"We are verifying whether they possess all the required valid documents-clearance from the CRZ authority, captain of ports, mines department and the mamlatdar,\" Dessai said.While the GCZMA has written to the district collector to initiate action against illegal sand extraction, Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar has directed the police to continue checks and submit an action taken report in this regard on the fifth of every month.\"We are monitoring the movement of trucks carrying sand without valid permission. The surprise raids will continue in the river beds at Tiracol till we are able to stop illegal extraction,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "sambalpur (odisha)", "code": "11515419", "title": "10 get rigorous imprisonment for rape in Odisha", "text": "SAMBALPUR (ODISHA): A fast-track court here today sentenced four persons to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for the sensational rape of a student of Sambalpur University nearly four years ago.Additional District Judge (First Track) Ashok Kumar Panda while awarding jail term to Sachin Sharma, Balaram Adguar, Sumit Patnaik and Abhinas Soren - also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on each. In case of inability to pay the fine, the convicts would have to undergo jail term for additional three months.The MCA student of the university was kidnapped and sexually assaulted at three places in the town by youths belonging to separate groups for two days on February 23 and 24, 2008 sparking a state-wide furore. The court had earlier on January 13 sentenced five of the accused to 10 years rigorous imprisonment. Altogether 10 persons involved in the incident were arrested.However, a juvenile, convicted by a local court in the case, had been set free after serving the sentence. According to prosecution, the girl was raped in three phases by separate gangs who handed her over to other accomplices after sexually assaulting her on two days. The incident had sparked off state-wide uproar and students agitation forcing the government to order a probe by the then Revenue Divisional Commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11505801", "title": "Widow shows courage to defy 'karewa'", "text": "ROHTAK: Showing courage to overthrow the custom of 'karewa', a cruel symbol of male domination, a young widow refused to budge to the panchayat pressure to enter into an alliance with the elder brother of her deceased husband in Dighal village of Jhajjar district.When the panchayat with the support of her family tried to force their decision upon her, the woman called up the district authorities, who intervened to rescue her and is now living with her parental home. 24-year-old Jyoti's husband Mukesh Kumar had died in a road mishap three years ago. The family decided to perform karewa (remarriage) and remarry Jyoti to Mukesh's elder brother Rajesh Kumar, 40, a revenue clerk, who is father of three children.But Jyoti, who is an MA and also got job in Delhi Metro after her husband's death under the government's ex-gratia policy, did not want to live with her brother-in-law Rajesh and even his first wife Suman too supported her in this decision. However, Rajesh was adamant to tie the knot and was supported by his family as well as the village panchayat.A meeting was called on Friday to perform the 'karewa'. As the preparations begun, she called up the district women and child marriage protection officer, Madhvi Lohachab, who rushed to intervene in the function. Lohachab informed TOI that even Rajesh's wife Suman was against it but it seemed that Rajesh and his parents were keen on keeping Jyoti in their family fold as she was likely to get compensation amount and insurance funds worth about Rs 25 lakh in the wake of her husband's death.\"We have warned the brother-in-law, his family and the panchayat not to force Jyoti for karewa. After being counseled, Rajesh as well as his family have agreed to allow Jyoti to decide her future course of action and we have also taken written assurance from the family in this regard,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512044", "title": "Karan Johar doesn\u2019t dote over Katrina Kaif?", "text": "Filmmaker Karan Johar , it is heard, is so happy with Katrina Kaif's item number, Chikni Chameli in Agneepath, that he has planned to buy her a Ferrari!\"Absolutely untrue,\" he retorts, when we suggest to him the rumours doing the rounds. \"Katrina Kaif has done a fab job. It's a jaw dropping number. I wish I could gift her a Ferrari, but I just can't afford it. Katrina has been overtly generous with her, and we shall try and give her her due,\" said Karan Johar, who finds himself neck deep in work.Ask him, if he doesn't dote on Kat enough to gift her a car, and he says, \"That's not true. I love Katrina. If I could, I would.\"Karan is excited about both his releases - Agneepath and Ekk Main Aur Ek Tu. \"There are two films releasing in close proximity to each other. Life right now is chaotic, but exciting. We've all finished biting our nails, and have started looking for others' nails to bite,\" he jokes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11503945", "title": "205 dogs take part in show", "text": "PATNA: A total of 205 dogs of 25 breeds from across the city participated in the dog show organized by the Canine Club of Bihar (CCB) on the Veterinary College campus here on Sunday. The show was inaugurated by Justice NP Singh. CCB has been regularly organizing dog shows in the city since 1996.Adick, a dog of German Shepherd breed, owned by Rajeev Chatterjee, was awarded the first prize in the 'Best in show' category in 'All Breed Championship Dog Show, 2012'. Under the same category, Tyson, a dog of Newfoundland breed, owned by Santosh Kumar, was awarded second prize and Austin, a dog of Golden Retriever breed, owned by Pratyakh Jha, was awarded the third prize.Robo, a dog of Boxer breed, owned by Mohan Singh , was awarded first prize in obedience category for puppies. Bullet of German Shepherd breed, owned by Dr Mala Srivastava, was awarded the second prize. Under the same category of obedience for junior dogs, Rocky, a dog of Labrador breed, owned by Praveen Kumar, received the first prize, while the second prize was grabbed by Buddy, a Golden Retriever, owned by Sujeet Kumar Singh.Raja, a dog of Labrador breed, owned by Dr RP Tripathi, was the first prize winner under the senior obedience category, while Jenny, also a Labrador, owned by Sanjay Kumar Singh, won the second prize.Under senior category for obedience, Sheroo, a Labrador, owned by Justice NP Singh, was the first prize winner, while Bruno, also of Labrador breed, owned by Sambu Lama , was adjudged second. Praveen Kumar and Ravi Kumar were adjudged first and second best dog trainers.Highlights of the show were the rare breeds like Chihua - smallest dog, Rottweiler- the most dangerous dog, Pug - the most liked and dogs of some large breeds like St Bernard, Bull Mastiff, Nap Mastiff and English Mastiff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505358", "title": "Farmer\u2019s hands cut over old rivalry", "text": "BHOPAL: A farmer's hands were severed from the wrist to avenge an old rivalry in Imlakheda village in Sagar district, about 260 kms north of Bhopal.Farmer Behari Yadav , 45, and his brother Dashrath were walking back to their village on foot after visiting a market place when they were accosted by ten men on an isolated stretch around 8:30 pm on Friday evening. The men were armed with lathis, daggers and big chopping knives.The men first attacked Dashrath and broke his legs and then severed Behari's hands. \"There seems to be an old rivalry between Behari Yadav and the accused Gulab Yadav, Arjun Yadav and eight others,'' said sub-divisional officer of police (SDOP) Abhishekh Diwan. \"The latest in a series of rivalry incidents seems to be a buffalo theft reported last year.'' Police suspects that Behari Yadav's hands were chopped-off because he had allegedly stolen a buffalo belonging to the accused persons who reside in the neighbouring village.\"Behari Yadav is a habitual offender. There are numerous cases of drunken brawls, rioting and arson registered against him in the local Chhanbila police station,'' Diwan said.Behari Yadav resides in Gomadpura village, 60 km from Sagar town. The accused assailants belong to the neighbouring Bilchipur village. Both the parties have repeatedly clashed and are known to be old rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11505176", "title": "Five booked for extortion bid", "text": "NOIDA: The city police on Sunday registered a case against five persons, including the nephew of a poll candidate, for alleged intimidation and extortion of a stone contractor.Cops said the victim, Harish Bansal, a resident of sector 26, got a stone supply contract of Rs 58 lakh for the Dalit Prerna Sthal project. He sub-contracted the work to one Iqbal. Later, he paid Iqbal Rs 51 lakh as felt that work of only that amount was done. After a confrontation over payment, Bansal filed a complaint with the Lucknow-based Vyapar Mandal.DIG Jyoti Narayan said officer bearers of the Vyapar Mandal later contacted Noida police and filed a complaint against Iqbal. SP (city) Anant Dev Tiwari said a tussle over payment was going on between them for a long time. \"The victim has alleged that on Friday five occupants picked him from near Dalit Prerna Sthal and took him to the office of a political party candidate where they threatened him with dire consequences and also took Rs two lakh from him,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504441", "title": "Childless woman tried stealing babies earlier", "text": "KOLKATA: The theft of a two-day-old baby from Calcutta National Medical College saw police and health department officials issuing contradictory statements. While police found out that the kidnappers were not related to the baby's family, health officials insisted that the incident was a 'family issue'.When the couple got the baby home, neighbours were curious. They became suspicious Their overnight curiosity turned into suspicion when police released a sketch of the suspect earlier in the day. The sketch, made after going through CCTV footages and eye-witnesses' account, resembled appeared erringly similar to Nilofer. Beniapukur police were hence tipped off, prompting them to rescue the baby who was apparently drugged to stop him from crying.The trail of events from the Friday abduction to Sunday's rescue, however, led to various revelations. left a trail of questions in its wake.This isn't the only time Nilofer tried to abduct a newborn from this hospital. She'd tried this four times in the past. The manner in which she gained access to the hospital's maternity guard remains unclear conflictingwith police and health department giving different versions. DCP (ESD) Satyajit Bandopadhyay said Nilofer had come to visit another patient when she got friendly with Kanija.Nilofer, police said, remained glued alongside Kanija, spoke to Kanija talking to her till she fell asleep and then quietly walked off with the baby to her home. \"Whether or not she is a relative of the victim (Kanija) is not known immediately. Nilofer and Raju have been arrested and will be produced in court. We will seek a police remand for further interrogation,\" the DCP said.Even as police remained non-committal, director of medical education, Sushanta Bandopadhyay claimed Nilofer was Kanija's relative or atleast knew each other very well, for they \"were seen eating together.\" On another health department claim of Nilofer gaining access inside the hospital with Kanija's green card, police refused to comment.The health department's allegations - in the midst of ongoing police investigation - came after health secretary Sanjoy Mitra met senior health officials at Swastha Bhavan on Sunday morning. Mitra said Kanija wasn't careful. \"If any lapse is found during the probe, action will be taken. But as of now it seems to be a family issue. It is not humanly possible for any hospital to check each and every person coming out of the hospital after the visiting hour ends,\" he said.To this the DME added, \"It has been learnt that the lady wearing a burqa (and captured in the CCTV footage) was one of her relatives and carrying a green card. It appears that somebody from the family has stolen the baby. The lady who is being accused of stealing the baby has been to the hospital for the past two days.\"The DME, however, saved his best for the last saying, \"With hundreds of delivery cases coming every day in government hospitals, it's not possible to keep track if a newborn gets stolen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504472", "title": "Text books allowed in AC Joshi Library", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what has come as a much-awaited relief for students at Panjab University, they would now be permitted to enter the premises of the AC Joshi library on the campus with their text books.Following a protest staged by members of the Indian National Students Organization (INSO) few days ago outside vice-chancellor's office, the dean student welfare at PU had assured that the matter would be reviewed.Traditionally, students were prohibited from carrying their text books, which had been a cause of trouble for them during exam days. Carrying text books along with notebooks was restricted only to the outer area or the reading room of the library.\"PU's main library is now overcrowded and there is hardly any space to sit in the outer area where books are allowed. Students will henceforth be permitted to carry text books inside,\" said a PU official of AC Joshi library.Representatives of various student organizations had earlier given a memorandum to the vice-chancellor and DSW on November 24, 2011 following which there was no response from the varsity and the students protested to be allowed the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11505775", "title": "There was a bang, and then lights went off: Indian waiter", "text": "LONDON: The fallout could have been worse if the capsized Italian cruise vessel had run aground a few hours later, when most people would have been asleep, or if the ship had been further out to sea, an Indian who survived the tragedy said.John Fernandes, 28, was a waiter on Costa Concordia, whose fate has been described by passengers as 'Titanic-like'. Fernandes, who hails from Goa, said, \"We were working in the restaurant - it was the second sitting - and suddenly there was a bang, and the plates and bottles started falling on the floor.\"Fernandes told the Sunday Telegraph, \"After five minutes there was another bang, this time it was very big, and the lights went off. There was then an announcement of a technical problem, we were told everything was under control. People were scared, there was panic. Then the ship started to tilt.\"He added, \"There was a general emergency alarm, which means you have to go to muster stations. After another 10 minutes there was an announcement to abandon ship.\" He said, \"Some of my colleagues had no option but to jump - they were on the tilted side, they saw the water was very close. They survived.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504274", "title": "BJP is 70% pure, still party with a difference: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha on Sunday said his party was \"70% pure\" and maintained that it was still the party with a difference even as the rift over induction of tainted Uttar Pradesh leader Babu Singh Kushwaha seemed to be widening.The RSS had criticized the move with a hard-hitting editorial in its mouthpiece Panchjanya last week but Sinha, who had threatened to resign in August last year saying the party was not raising the issue of corruption aggressively, defended Kushwaha's inclusion on the ground of \"practical wisdom\".The former UP minister is being investigated by CBI in the National Rural Health Mission scam but Sinha was quoted by agencies as saying that every party had to make compromises. He refused to accept that the induction, which has now been put on hold in view of criticism including from within, had tarnished BJP's image and claimed that his party was still different from others \"in terms of quality and scale\".\"Every party in parliamentary democracy has to do this (compromise). It has not been done for the first time and also certainly not for the last time,\" he was quoted as saying by agencies, adding that \"nobody or any party can claim to be 100% pure\". \"But BJP is 70% pure while others are only 20% (pure). So, still BJP is a party with a difference,\" he said.Sinha was replying to queries on how BJP could claim to be a \"party with a difference\" even after induction of Kushwaha, which came after the party formed a government in Jharkhand with the support of JMM whose leader Shibu Soren is facing corruption charges.\"No political party runs as a theological or charitable organisation. As per the age-old dictum that politics is the art of the possible, every party has to combine ideology and practical wisdom,\" he said.Sinha, known for raising his voice within the party on various issues, was asked why he did not speak up against Kushwaha's induction. \"I have raised voice within the party on many issues I did not agree. But you cannot make my stand in the past as a touchstone for everything in future too,\" he said.\"I agree with the party on the stand on the two issues,\" he said, referring to Kushwaha's induction as well as taking support from JMM to form government in his home state Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "11506093", "title": "EC didn\u2019t give BSP a chance to put forward its defence: Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: Speaking to the media persons on Sunday, UP chief minister Mayawati listed instances of the EC failing to act on similar transgressions by other political parties.Improvising an old Hindi saying, 'Zinda hathi lakh ka aur mara hathi sawa lakh ka', she said: \"Though the EC order to cover the statutes at dalit memorials is not only biased and unjust but also anti-dalit and casteist, it came has a blessing in disguise for the BSP because the controversy generated by the order has provided huge publicity free of cost to our party's symbol, which otherwise would have cost crores,\" she said.\"The allegations of opposition parties and the media focus on statutes have also led to the fanning of the controversy. Hence, I am thankful to all of them as they have publicized our cause far and wide free of cost. For such a coverage, opposition parties are spending a fortune. I wish that 'kudrat' (the almighty) would continue to give them such 'good sense' in future as well,\" she said with a smile.\"In such a scenario no one can now stop the BSP from winning absolute majority in the elections to be held in February,\" she added.However, on a serious note, Mayawati said that the elephants installed at dalit memorials are in no way BSP's election symbol. \"In the statutes, trunks of elephants are up in a welcome posture, whereas in BSP's election symbol, the trunk is down. But, EC took cognizance of the memorandums given by the opposition parties that elephants are BSP's election symbol and gave order to cover them without giving an opportunity to is to prove that the statutes of elephants are not BSP's symbol. The EC officials seem to be acting at the behest of the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre. The Congress is a casteist party with an anti-dalit mindset, which has also reflected in the EC's order,\" she said.Regarding her statutes at dalit memorials, she said her statutes were installed as per the will of the BSP founder Late Kanshiram who was of the view that memorials of dalit icons, political figures and saints would provide a sense of history to dalits, thereby helping in the psychological development. \"But the EC did not give BSP a chance to put forward its defence,\" she added.Earlier, dressed in her favourite pink salwar-kurta and woollen overcoat with diamond jewellery making a perfect match, Mayawati celebrated her birthday at her residence by cutting a cake amid close associates. When she arrived at the party office, several leaders including ministers rushed forward to greet her with flowers. Some touched her feet for 'blessings'. Later, she hosted a lunch for journalists and in a rare gesture also supervised the arrangements. At the press conference, she released volume seven of her autobiography and list of BSP candidates for polls.However,the better part of her speech was on statutes. She said that elephant statutes in welcome posture had been installed both by the governments and non-government organizations in public and private places across the country. Also, she said, the impact of statutes of personalities, whether living or dead, was same everywhere, hence there is no logic to cover them.\"The EC also transferred two dalit officers from key posts. Angry BSP supporters will give a befitting reply in the elections to casteist forces,\" she said.Accusing the opposition and EC of insulting dalit icon Kanshiram, Mayawati also said \"the EC should also clarify its stand on the park in Chandigarh, the capital of Punjab, where during the Congress government, an 'open hand monument' was installed. The monument is of a revolving 45-feet high hand weighing 50 tonne. Congress's symbol is `hand' and Punjab is also going to poll, hence EC should also cover the hand installed in the park.\"\"Also, the posture of the hand of many Hindu gods and goddesses is also similar to Congress's symbol. Many idols of Hindu gods and goddesses have been installed in temples built by government and non-government organizations on government and non-government land. Similarly, lotus (BJP's symbol) flower is widely used by Hindus for worship. The flower is also used in puja rituals performed at the inaugural ceremonies of many government programmes, hence EC should also clear its stand on the issue. Further, the election symbol of RLD is hand pump which has been installed all over the state with public money,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "11513702", "title": "Terror threat: Thailand's two main international airports put on high alert", "text": "BANGKOK: With Thailand, the tourist hotspot country, coming under terror threat, the country on Monday raised the level of security at its two main international airports.Airports of Thailand (AoT) said security had been increased from level two to level three at the two airports - International Suvarnabhumi Airport and Chiang Mai International Airport.The heightened security came after an alleged terror plot was busted and the US and other nations issued warnings of possible attacks in the tourist hotspot.AoT president Aniruth Thanomkulabutr said more security staff would be deployed while checks on passengers, airport areas and luggage would be conducted more frequently and strictly.The increased security measures were in line with the situation , he added.The AoT also asked airline operators to set up their own security committee whose main role was to provide effective communication channels among airlines in the event of a terrorist incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504469", "title": "Ambedkar's grandson may tie up with NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's grandson, Prakash Ambedkar of the Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh (BBM), on Sunday slammed the Congress leadership in Maharashtra for its inability to take decisions.He also held discussions with NCP state president Madhukar Pichad over the possibility of forming a pre-poll alliance for elections to municipal corporations and zilla parishads.Following the development, talks were ripe in political circles that BBM would pursue a poll pact with the NCP. Office bearers of the state NCP unit said that the party was willing to consider an alliance with BBM.Ambedkar is the grandson of the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar.Interacting with mediapersons after the meeting with Pichad, Ambedkar said that his party will wait until January 18 for a poll pact with either party. \"We are prepared to contest alone otherwise,\" Ambedkar added.Ambedkar let his disappointment about the Congress be known after reports that a section of the Congress was not in favour of an alliance with BBM and other Republican Party factions. He added that the Sena-BJP's alliance with RPI (Athavale) will hurt the Congress the most, reasoning that there was resentment within the Dalit community against the Congress.NCP is also in talks with the Vishwanath Patil-led Kunbi Sena for alliance for ZP elections in Thane and Raigad. Ambedkar, meanwhile, announced that his party would contest Akola elections alone and that his party would attempt social engineering by forming an alliance with the Maratha Aarakshan Samiti in Nanded. \"Local party leaders have been empowered to take decisions on alliance in other ZPs,\" he said.With RPI (A) leader Ramdas Athavale joining hands with the Sena-BJP, a section of Congress leaders are against the idea of forming an alliance with other Republican factions. They are of the opinion that the party should promote its own leaders from the backward classes to expand the party's base.With a section within the Congress however not in favour of an alliance with BBM and other Republic factions, Ambedkar let his disappointment against the party known. Slamming Congress for lack of decision making ability, Ambedkar also said that Sena-BJP's alliance with RPI (Athavale) would hurt Congress the most. He reasoned that there was resentment within the Dalit community against the Congress.NCP is also in talks with the Vishwanath Patil-led Kunbi Sena for alliance for ZP elections in Thane and Raigad. Ambedkar, meanwhile, announced that his party would contest Akola elections alone and that his party would attempt social engineering by forming an alliance with the Maratha Aarakshan Samiti in Nanded. \"Local party leaders have been empowered to take decisions on alliance in other ZPs,\" he said.With Athavale joining hands with the Sena-BJP, a section of Congress leaders are against the idea of forming alliance with other Republican factions. They are of the opinion that the party should promote its own leaders from the backward classes to expand the party's base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504409", "title": "Melawa in village, action in forest", "text": "NAGPUR: Union home minister P Chidambaram's regular scrutiny of situation in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli and his scathing remarks on state government efforts seem to be having an effect with the state police's over-defensive strategy giving way to a more aggressive posture.The latest approach was reflected in the words of a senior official who said \"expect melawas in the village, and action in the forest now\". This indicated discarding of 'no casualty and safety first' approach that has been the hallmark of forces so far.State is now learnt to be ready with a new approach where security agencies and administrative wings would work hand-in-hand. While the target has been fixed for administrative wings to implement certain government schemes at the grassroots in the tribal district, the security forces have been asked to be more aggressive.Etapalli police division and administrative wings joined hands to organize a four-day camp for distributing important documents among the tribals that benefited the residents of 197 villages in the first week of January. \"Developmental work has already started in several villages,\" said an official.As the police and administrative wings are gearing up for more such camps, a combined force of Special Action Group (SAG) and C-60 commandos gunned down around five Naxals. Though body of only one was recovered, reliable sources indicated that four others were felled in police firing. This encounter was preceded by one and followed by another. It is learnt that police informers, who helped the forces, was rewarded immediately.The paramilitary forces are venturing out into the jungles for further orientation and operations. \"CRPF is fast building its own intelligence network in villages,\" said a highly-placed official.The Nagpur-based SAG was considered a spent force so far with vacancies and infrastructural deficiencies. The unit was created for the sole purpose of countering the Naxals on seek-shoot-scoot basis.The unit has been recently re-energised with several of their issues sorted out. SAG is now learnt to be working full-fledged in Gadchiroli. SAG and C-60 combined forces are likely to consolidate in sensitive Naxal zones and along the border.Sources said a large section of the security forces now would be pressed into action on the lines of guerrilla warfare camping in deep forests at length. Night operation, which was a no-no so far, is being reintroduced.The forces may give up operating from base camps in favour of surprise actions. The sloppy patrolling would take a backseat while real time action could be expected.According to a source in the department, a top politician and his favourite senior officer patted each other's back for low police casualty last year after the debacle of 2009 when more than 51 police personnel had died in Naxal ambushes.\"Chidambaram rejected this as an achievement and insisted on taking up aggressive operations. He was also upset about rising civilian casualties,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11505669", "title": "To shed flab, eat from a red plate", "text": "LONDON: Want to shed the flab? Eat from a red plate and drink from a red cup, recommends a new study. German and Swiss academics claim that using a red plate stops people from eating as much food and using red cups also stops pub-goers from drinking too much alcohol - in fact, it helps reduce food and drinks consumption by 40%.They said the colour red may encourage diners to avoid snacking because it is commonly associated with the idea of \"danger, prohibition and stop\" , the Daily Mail reported.The findings mean the government and food industry could start using red packaging on unhealthy foods as a deterrent - and could even use more red in pubs to prevent people drinking too much.For the study, researchers recruited 41 male students who were asked to drink tea from cups marked with red or blue labels. The subjects drank 44% less from cups with red labels.In the second part, 109 people were given 10 pretzels each on either a red, blue or white plate. Those with a red plate ate fewer pretzels, say the researchers . Ursula Arens at the British Dietetic Association said, \"Red may be associated with alarm or something primeval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11505412", "title": "Chinese thread kills 20 rare birds in Gujarat", "text": "RAJKOT: On Sunday, Bhavnagar residents witnessed a funeral procession where the deceased were painted stork.Shocked at the deaths of as many as 20 of these storks, which are on the near-threatened list of Birdlife International, nature lovers wanted to show citizens what their \"Chinese manja\" (nylon twine) does to the avians.The 20 painted storks were among 34 birds which had been killed by nylon kite strings during the Uttarayan festivities on January 14 and 15.The forest department in Bhavnagar said that 121 of them were injured.Painted storks are not new to residents of Bhavnagar as there is a colony of these birds in the city, in Pil garden. The large wading bird of the stork family found in tropical Asia has been roosting there for a century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505405", "title": "Judge's poor ACR can be basis for promotion denial: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has held that adverse remarks in annual confide-ntial reports (ACRs) is an appropriate ground for denial of promotion and refusing extension in service to judges.An SC bench said no fault can be found with the higher judicial authorities or the high court if the promotion under merit-cum-seniority is denied on grounds of adverse ACRs.\"The remarks do enable the authority to assess comparative merit once the qu- estion of promotion arises when the criteria for promotion is merit-cum-seniority,\" the SC said. The bench passed the judgement dismissing the appeal of N C Das, who was holding the post of civil judge (senior division) and assistant sessions judge, North Tripura.Das had termed denial of his promotion and retirement at the age of 58 years instead of the superannuation age of 60 years as illegal and contrary to rules.The SC noted that in Das's ACR of the year 2000, it has been recorded that he was not yet fit for promotion and similar remarks were been recorded in 2001 and 2002 ACRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504562", "title": "Infosys driving hard bargain for Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: Information technology (IT) major Infosys is learnt to have laid down some tough conditions before Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) before deciding to invest in Mihan-SEZ. MADC, badly in need of fresh investment in Mihan, has been wooing Infosys. Infosys expects a relaxation in the terms that may require a change in state government's policy itself.Infosys, instead of settling for 99-year lease given to others, has asked for a perpetual lease. MADC is helpless in this matter as it would require a change in government policy, sources in government said. At present, since Mihan-SEZ land belongs to state government, it can be only leased and not sold. The investor too will have to only lease it further.Land in SEZ is leased for 99 years, based on the logic that the government of the day when the lease term ends will take a call on extension. Infosys wants a perpetual lease that effectively amounts to sale of land, says sources. Infosys also wants a discount in the land rates. Currently MADC has fixed Rs 60 lakh per acre price for SEZ land. Infosys wants a 'better' price, citing offers from other states like Madhya Pradesh.The company has also demanded that the condition of consuming entire floor space index (FSI) within three years be relaxed. MADC offers a FSI of 1.5 but stipulates that if the entire space is not utilized within three years, the investor will have to pay an extra charge for the construction done later.FSI is the allowable limit of construction expressed as a ratio of vacant land allotted. The MADC rule on FSI consumption is not only meant to prod investors into starting full-fledged operations as early as possible but also as a deterrence against companies buying excess land and hoarding it.The MADC board has not met after the recent round of negotiations with Infosys. The issue of FSI and land rates are within the purview of the company. However, only the state government can decide on lease conditions, a source said. Incidentally, MADC is headed by state's chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504916", "title": "Five die in separate accidents in two days", "text": "PUNE: Five people died in separate accidents in the city in the last two days. The incidents took place at Sutarwadi, Bhosari, Khadki, Punavale and Kharadi.Devendrasingh Gyansingh, 40, of Punavale, was knocked by a speeding milk tanker at Punavale on Katraj-Dehu Road bypass on Saturday morning. The police have arrested tanker driver Dilip Kadam, 33, of Solapur, for negligent driving. The incident took place when Devendrasingh was crossing the road. Police sub-inspector of the Hinjewadi police station S A Jadhav is investigating the case.In another incident, on the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass at Sutarwadi on Saturday morning, a 20-year-old youth from Malshiras in Solapur district died after the motorcycle he was riding pillion crashed into a stationary tempo. The Chatushrungi police have identified the deceased as Hussain Rashid Shaikh.The police have booked Vahid Ahmed Bagwan, 20, of Malshiras, for rash driving. Police sub-inspector P N Bahure said that Bagwan, Shaikh and another person were riding triple seat. Bagwan, who was riding the motorcycle, did not notice the tempo and rammed it. Shaikh died on the spot and the other two sustained injuries, Bahure said.Hirachand Tupsaundarya, 47, of Alandi road in Bhosari, died in a hit-and-run incident at Bhosari MIDC on Friday night. Police sub-inspector of the Bhosari police station R M Giri is investigating the case.In another hit-and-run accident, Sukhdev Sutar, 65, of Kharadi, died on the spot after he was knocked by a speeding vehicle at Kharadi on Friday around 11 pm. The incident took place when Sutar was crossing the road. Assistant police inspector of the Yerawada police station M V Khandale is investigating the case.A 71-year-old woman lost her life and four others sustained severe injuries after the car they were travelling in was knocked by a luxury bus on the Pune-Mumbai highway at Khadki on Friday night. The Khadki police have identified the deceased as Sosma Philip of Dhanori Road, Bhosari. Sosma Philip's husband M G Philip, 76, neighbours L Babu, 64 and Alvin Rezi, 6, sustained injuries. Police sub-inspector of Khadki police station of S K Gaikwad is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504668", "title": "Cong offers NCP 5 seats in Goa, alliance almost done", "text": "PANAJI: In what can be a boost to the ruling coalition in Goa, alliance talks between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have almost finalized.Congress has agreed to give the NCP five seats to contest from in the forthcoming assembly polls. NCP sources said the Congress-NCP alliance talks are still on and negotiations on three other seats continue. NCP, which had earlier demanded 12 seats, is likely to settle for eight.Speaking to TOI, state Congress present Subhash Shirodkar said, \"NCP has asked for eight seats. Congress is likely to give it six.\"NCP sources said Congress has agreed to give the party Mapusa, Tivim, Vasco, Saligao and Sanguem, while they have also sought Porvorim, Mandrem and Cortalim.Speaking to TOI, NCP state president Surendra Sirsat said two rounds of talks at the state level had already taken place. \"What has been discussed is now before the Congress high command and they have confirmed that the alliance is definitely on. I understand that some of the seats which we have demanded have been already agreed upon by Congress.\" Sirsat said.Other seats NCP had claimed are Siolim, Benaulim, Canacona and either Mayem or Bicholim. NCP sources said the party has almost agreed to give up their claim on these four constituencies.Sources said the next meeting on the alliance is likely to be held this week and will finalize the remaining seats and the pre-poll alliance.Sirsat said, \"Further negotiations will take place between the high commands of both parties within a couple of days. We are confident there will be a consensus and our demands will be met after considering the merits of the candidates of both parties in the constituencies in question.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504597", "title": "Deadlock over poll alliances continues", "text": "NAGPUR: The deadlock between BJP and Shiv Sena over alliance for the Nagpur Zilla Parishad (ZP) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) continued on Sunday with prolonged meetings yielding no result.Same was the case with Congress and NCP for NMC. For the ZP polls, chances of an alliance between the two parties has reduced with NCP declaring seven candidates even before a seat sharing alliance was finalized.Even as haggling over NMC seats continued, EGS minister Nitin Raut has thrown a spanner into the process by publicly saying that not a single seat should be given to NCP in his constituency north Nagpur as Congress would have to spare some seats to Lokmanch. NCP leaders have retorted that in that case, no alliance should be struck.However, city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta on Sunday said that there was no question about the alliance not materializing. \"Sharad Pawar's and Prithviraj Chavan are very clear on this issue. There are a few seats where both parties have strong contenders. We will leave these seats to state-level leaders,\" he told TOI. His NCP counterpart Ajay Patil too echoed similar feelings.The scenario is similar for ZP polls. Congress and NCP had announced that they would strike a pre-poll alliance but NCP declared seven candidates on Saturday without consulting its ally. This has infuriated the Congress and now leaders of both parties say that chances of an alliance are very little.The impasse over BJP-Sena alliance too continued on Sunday. Sena leader Vinayak Raut had held a meeting with BJP leaders over seat sharing for ZP polls till early hours of Sunday without any result. City BJP chief Anil Sole said that Raut was slated to meet him on Sunday but the meeting could not take place.BJP sources said that till Sunday night Sena was demanding 28 out of 59 ZP seats, while Athawale faction of RPI wanted eight to ten seats. They, however, claimed that Sena was likely to accept 18 seats.Meanwhile, Congress kicked-off its poll campaign on Sunday with a public meeting at Nandanvan ground. EGS minister Nitin Raut, MP Vilas Muttemwar and ex-minister Satish Chaturvedi were present.However, minister of state Rajendra Mulak and former minister Anees Ahmed were conspicuous by their absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11514532", "title": "Fashion Review: 2012 Golden Globe red carpet", "text": "The Golden Globe awards 2012 saw ravishing women wear gorgeous gowns and then gorgeous women wear gaudy designer garb. Who grabbed attention for the right reason and who did just the opposite... we list down our pick for the best and worst dressed actresses at the Golden Globes this year.Well DressedNicole Kidman , Angelia Jolie, Kate Beckinsale have that innate sense of style that always make them stand out in the crowd. These women can never go wrong with their choice of outfits. While their clothes may not be utterly dramatic or eye grabbing, it's the simple and subtle cut, colour and flow in their outfits that makes the difference.We loved how Angelia Jolie matched her red clutch with her red lipstick. Although we'd have liked the satin outfit better had it been completely cream without the red accent. The slit highlighted her toned long legs and chiseled body.Nicole Kidman manages to look stunningly classy every single time. This time around she wore a body hugging Versace gown and looked a million bucks once again.Kate Beckinsale looks chic as her red carpet look stays constant yet appealing. Hair pulled back, strapless gowns in nude and pastel shades, wonderful eye makeup. Kate looked fabulous yet again in a Roberto Cavalli cream gown.Tilda Swinton's androgynous appeal is captivating and the actress dresses up just according to her personality. We loved her light blue gown and the jacket. She looked straight from the runway - high fashion!Jodie Foster made sea blue look beautiful as she wore a stunning strapless gown by Giorgio Armani .Head Turners of the eveningCharlize Theron undoubtedly looked the best at the awards night. Charlize's wardrobe spelled 'fun' and 'fearless'. The attitude in which the gorgeous actress carried herself complemented her casual yet flamboyant gown by Dior Couture perfectly. A vintage Cartier headband made her look diva-esque and extremely feminine.Sofia Vergara we are sure made the men go weak in the knees once again in a teal body-hugging strapless mermaid silhouette by Vera Wang . Sofia knew how to accentuate her curves and that's precisely what she did.Jessica Biel looked gorgeous in her almost bridal outfit! Don't we just love Elie Saab lace dresses. Biel looked virginal and divine in whiteBadly dressed in BlackWhoever wore black, looked either boring or too loud.Even the bewitching Mila Kunis looked uninspiring and jaded in her black single shoulder.Debra Messing looked messy and two sizes bigger in her single shoulder black trumpet gownThe very pretty Rooney Mara seemed as if she would drown herself in the Nina Ricci column gown she wore. The gown was wearing her and it's never a good thing,Meryl Streep dressed according to her age, won the Best Actress GG but failed to impress in her full length gown by Alessandra Rich.Celebs who went OTTMadonna in her tighter than tight body hugging, low neckline dress oozed discomfort than sex appealSalma Hayek competed with Madonna in 'who's dress is tighter' category. Hayek wore a strapless Gucci gown with a metallic gold bodice which made her more like a Super woman!Dianna Agron looked terrible in her red Giles Deacon-designed gown. It screamed for attention and for the wrong reasons.Paula Patton looked more like a traffic signal in bright yellow Monique Lhuillier gown.Sober and stylishDiana Lane in a beige flowing chiffon dress, Heidi Klum in her nude Calvin Klein , Emma Stone in two toned Lanvin looked sober and stylish", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503944", "title": "Scared by street dogs, residents use cars to go to Parks for morning walks", "text": "BANGALORE: After traffic, water shortage, power crisis and road-widening, stray dog menace is one problem that is pan-Bangalore. No locality is free of marauding strays that give vehicles a hot chase, imperilling the lives of the riders as much as others on the road.Everytime a dogbite is reported, the menace makes it to headlines only to be conveniently forgotten later. For two weeks now, strays of Bangalore are in the news. Just a week ago, a four-and-a-half-year old boy who was picking up rags from a garbage dump near Sarakki Circle was bitten by a stray dog and rescued by passersby.The event came less than a week after another five-year-old boy, Jishnu, who was bitten by a stray dog in Yelahanka in July 2010, went knocking on the doors of the Karnataka high court, seeking Rs 5 lakh compensation and a directive to the BBMP.The civic body though has not got over its knee-jerk responses. A day after the Sarakki dogbite, 8 dogs were caught in the area. The next day, the catch shrank to four and the third day it came down further to three. Apparently under the belief that its job was done, BBMP called off its operations in the area after three days.The BBMP claims it has spent a whopping Rs 600 lakh for the ABC-ARV programme alone in 2011. Yet, the dogbite indicents have gone up by 20% over the last two years. Also, the strays' responsibility in these incidents too is going up: from 52.99%, in 2009-10 to 62% the next year.Left to their own, HRBR Layout residents decided that it is high time they took the matter into their hand and approached the CUPA. But V R Shashidhar, a professor from UAS, cited from his experience and said that the problem was complex.When CUPA went to catch stray dogs, some other residents jumped to the dogs' rescue and said they would take care of them. \"How can the manager be fooled by people and accept an understanding when the dogs lie outside and attacking everybody else?\" Shashidhar wondered.He also said that the NGOs' approach of taking away the dogs, observe them for six or 12 hours and released them back in the area is ridiculous.\"These dogs chase vehicles and scare morning-walkers and children so much so that I have started using my car to go to the park, a few metres away from my house, for a morning walk,\" Shashidhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505068", "title": "Murdered youth's wallet found from highway in Surendranagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The police officials investigating the case of Dastgir Ali Saiyed's murder found his wallet near highway between Limdi and Bagodara on Saturday. The investigators now believe that it might be a case of abduction and murder.According to Thangadh police officials investigating the case, teams were sent to highways that were suspected to be used by the killers when they found that Dastgir's wallet was thrown near the highway. \"It was reported to us by local residents who collected it from Pansina village. It contained a few documents, Dastgir's driving license and two ATM cards,\" said K P Jadeja, sub-inspector of Thangadh police station and investigator of the case.On Friday, it was established that Dastgir, 23, who was missing since January 10, was murdered after his body was found near Sarsana lake at Thangadh and his car was found abandoned on Chotila highway. Police were searching for the probable route that might have been taken by the assailants to reach to the spot from where the body was found.\"We suspect that the assailants knew how police would work and to delay the process, they scattered the evidences in a large area to slow down the investigation. According to our theory, he was abducted near Ahmedabad and was taken to Ahmedabad-Surendranagar highway. His car, which was found abandoned near Chotila, was changed midway by one team member while others disposed off his belongings on the highway. He was then killed near Thangadh and his body was dumped near the water body to be immersed,\" said a Surendranagar police official.Dastgir, a resident of Gandhinagar, was the son of Mushtad Ali Saiyed, a constable posted in Gandhinagar. He was a student on an institute in Ahmedabad and had recently got engaged to Nazneen Pathan, daughter of civic chief of Dhrangadhra. On January 10, he had started off in a Maruti Zen car for Ahmedabad to pick up Nazneen from her work place in a mall on Drive-In road. He neither met her nor returned home and was reported missing on the same night by his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512457", "title": "Hrithik Roshan in praise of Bollywood baddies", "text": "Hrithik Roshan seems to be in a very appreciative mood. Interestingly though he is only praising the bad guys in Bollywood.Just recently Hrithik Roshan couldn't stop raving about the new-age Kancha Cheena played by Sanjay Dutt in Agneepath and even compared him with the likes of Gabbar Singh. Now he is in praise of Vivek Oberoi who plays the negative lead of his ambitious home-production Krrish 3 .Sources close to the film insist that the negative role of Krrish 3 was so strongly written that Hrithik Roshan wanted to keep it for himself. But then how could he? He is a hero... rather superhero. Hrithik was even willing to do a double role to play the villain's part as well. \"He felt he could portray it the best\", says a source. Until Vivek Oberoi stepped in!\"When Hrithik saw Vivek's energy and enthusiasm, he was assured that the villain's role is in right hands\", says the source. Fortunately now we would get to see Hrithik and Vivek contend in Krrish 3 rather than Hrithik fighting himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509963", "title": "Vijay Madhav will release an album on Valentine's Day", "text": "Valentine's Day is more than a month away but Vijay Madhav, one of the most popular contestants who wowed audience across the world with his numbers in a music reality show, is busy laying out plans to woo music lovers yet another time.Come February 14 and Vijay and team are set to release One Love, which will have three stars who scorch the screen turning playback singers.Besides Vijay, the album with seven songs will have actors Suresh Gopi, wife Radhika, actors Ananya and Saranya Mohan lending their voices. Vijay asserts that having cine stars behind the mike is no gimmick. \"All of them are good singers and there has been no compromise on the quality of music,\" he insists. \"Although Suresh Gopi has gone behind the mike earlier, this is the first time Ananya and Saranya Mohan are lending their voice for an album. We've known each other for some time now and it was only after the team was convinced about their singing talent that we approached them for the album. Suresh Gopi's wife, Radhika, of course, is known for her singing. The couple will be singing a duet in One Love.\"Vijay says he hopes to launch the Tamil version of the album hand in hand with its Malayalam edition. \"Unnikrishnan, programme producer at Radio Mirchi, Thiruvananthapuram, has composed the songs. We've tried our best to make the album very different from the run off the mill ones doing the rounds now. Since Ananya and Saranya are popular faces in Tamil Nadu, we expect the audience to lap up their debut at singing as wholeheartedly as they did with their acting prowess,\" Vijay says. The singer, who turned actor with the film Nalla Paattukaare last year, says he is now penning the script of a film. \"A couple of acting offers did come by of late but right now, I'm working on my debut script for Mollywood,\" Vijay informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505467", "title": "Sarhadon Se Aage strikes an emotive cord", "text": "BHOPAL: In the third and final stop of the series Mushairas dubbed Sarhadon Se Aage (Beyond Borders), poets from India and Pakistan enthralled crowds here on Sunday.Poet and anti-corruption campaigner Kumar Vishwas was the compare of the programme held at Ravindra Bhawan.Pakistani poet and activist Kishwar Nahid lighted the lamp to inaugrate the programme. \"The issues on both sides of the border are the same\", said Nahid referring to the problem of corruption in the two countries.\"Meri es kooshish mein baazoo katgaeey, Chahata tha sulaah talwaroon ke beech' read a couplet, Abbas Tabish to touch a cord with the crowd. Poets from Pakistan included Kishwar Nahid from Islamabad , Abbas Tabish from Lahore Rehana Roohi from Karachi . The other international poet was Omar Saleem from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia .Eminent Indian poets included Waseem Barelvi, Pramod Tiwari, Manzar Bhopali, Sarita Sharma, Iqbal Ashar, Malikzada Javed, Alok Shrivastava, Koshal Farhat, Rajesh Sharma and Anwar Jalalabadi . The first two mushaira's in the series were held in Ujjain and Indore earlier this week.\"It is an effort to bring together the authors and poets of their respective countries,\" said organiser Praveen Sharma. \"It is a small effort in the direction of bringing people of both the nations closer and that is why we have titled it 'Sarhadon Se Age',\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11505264", "title": "Four held for robbing woman in Gr Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The police have arrested four persons for robbing a Delhi-based engineer when she had gone to visit a friend in Greater Noida. The victim, currently residing in Hauz Khas in south Delhi, is a native of Kolkata and had completed her engineering course from a Delhi college this year. Police said that one of the accused is already in jail while the others were arrested on Sunday. Police are also probing the allegation that the accused molested the victim.Cops said the victim, Neetu (name changed), had gone to meet a friend living in sector Alpha-II of Greater Noida. They met at Pari Chowk and decided to board an auto-rickshaw for his house. Apart from the driver, there were three other passengers. Soon the driver deviated from the route and turned the auto towards Achher village. When the victim's friend raised an alarm, the trio started thrashing him. In the incident lasting half an hour, the miscreants looted the victim and her friend of their wallets, watches, ATM card and Rs 7,000 in cash, said a cop.\"The victim's friend managed to hide his mobile phone from the accused. When the duo was released, they called the police after which all border areas were cordoned off. Late in the night, the police managed to arrest the auto driver, Deepak alias Kallu, in an inebriated state,\" said DIG Jyoti Narayan.\"On interrogation, Deepak revealed the names of his associates and their location. The police nabbed them and recovered the victim's watch and some cash,\" Narayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504833", "title": "Industries' body urges government to promote IT park", "text": "NASHIK: Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) urged Maharashtra industries minister Narayan Rane to promote the information technology (IT) park in Nashik, which is lying idle for a decade.AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale has sent a memorandum to Rane, urging him to take immediate steps to give a boost to the park.With an aim to promote the industry, the state government had set up several state-of-the-art IT parks in Maharashtra, including one in Nashik.The Nashik's park, developed by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), is lying idle as not a single IT company has shown interest in setting up business there.The information technology park was developed on 7.52 hectares with 28 plots of varying dimensions ranging from 500 sq metres to 5,500 sq metres. The three-storeyed IT park building includes 15 galas.Gopale told TOI, \"The IT park in the Ambad industrial area in Nashik is lying unused for 10-12 years due to lack of a response from IT companies. But the situation is changing as two IT-related companies have shown interest in buying the park along with open plots and they have already submitted proposals to the head office of MIDC. We have sent a memorandum to Rane and have urged him to take an immediate decision in this connection.\"\"Commencement of IT business by the companies here will create large-scale employment opportunities,\" Gopale added.Ramdas Khedkar, regional officer (Nashik division), MIDC, said, \"Two information technology-related companies from Mumbai have shown interest in buying the park. They have submitted their proposals to the head office in Mumbai. A decision is expected shortly.\"Khedkar refused to disclose the names of the companies that have submitted the proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505215", "title": "Govt owes Rs 110 cr to Air India for VVIP flights", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government owes over Rs 110 crore to cash-strapped Air India for its special flights which ferry VVIPs including the President and the Prime Minister on their visits abroad which it is trying hard to realize.The national carrier, which is facing a financial crunch, has pending bills of 12 special flights for the President, the vice-president and the Prime Minister which amount to over Rs 110 crore, an RTI reply from the carrier said.It said during July last year, the total outstanding bills were Rs 291 crore.\"Out of the above amount, recently the government has paid Rs 181.30 crore leaving a balance outstanding amount of Rs 110.60 crore,\" the reply said.The records show that two bills of are pending with the defence ministry for the abroad travel of the President to Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Damascus and Aleppo during November 20-30, 2010, which is Rs 14.5 crore and another to Paro via Bagdogra which is Rs 4.45 crore. The bill to Paro, Bhutan is nearly three years old, the reply dated December 28, 2011 said.Five bills worth Rs 55.81 crore are pending with the Cabinet Secretariat for the travel of the PM to Huahin, Thailand during October 23-25, 2009, to Paro, Bhutan during April 27-30, to Tokyo, Kuala Lumpur, Hanoi during October 23-30, 2010, to Seoul during November 9-12, 2010 and to Brussels and Berlin during December 8-12, 2010.One outstanding bill for the travel of the vice-president to Male, Maldives is pending since November, 2008.The total bill for this trip was Rs 2.77 crore of which part payment was done leaving an outstanding of Rs 39 lakh. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "11515723", "title": "City bus services in Bharuch town from Tuesday", "text": "BHARUCH: City bus services on six routes of the approved 12 will begin from Tuesday, making commuting for people within Bharuch town comfortable and cheaper.\"The project was ready and we were just waiting for a formal approval from the ministry concerned. We had received state's government's approval in December and on January 17 we will be starting the city bus services in Bharuch town,\" said Dushiyant Patel, MLA, Bharuch.Nagarpalika Bharuch officials said, \"Initially, buses will operate on six routes and later more routes will be added.\" Work orders for the first phase of the project have been allotted to Chartered Speed Ltd.Till now, auto-rickshaws were the only means of public transportation in the city. There are over 500 auto-rickshaws in the city.Six non air-conditioned mini buses equipped with required safety instruments and having emergency exit points will run on the city routes. Bharuch district collector Roopwant Singh said, \"City bus services will reduce transportation issues in the city. The routes will be published for the public soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11505950", "title": "Severe cold abets poaching", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The entire Kangra valley has been reeling under severe cold conditions for the last few weeks, due to which wild animals in the Dhauladhar ranges have been forced to take refuge in the low-lying areas, thus further exposing them to the risk of falling prey to poachers.Knowing that the animals would come down to lower hills to escape snow, poachers increase their activity in the winter months. The illegal practice of poaching was exposed a few days back when a 55-year-old person was found dead in the forest area adjoining Shahpur. He died due to shrapnel wounds from a bullet fired by some unknown person in the forest. Police claimed, the victim Purkhi Ram, had gone to the forest to collect dry wood, and was fired at by some poacher, who mistakenly took him to be some wild animal.Sources said that wild animals like barking deer, sambhar, and birds like Mona fall prey to porches, who have been found to be most active in forest areas near Shahpur, Darini and Rait.To prevent this illegal hunting, the forest department has constituted range and division level rescue teams to curb poaching and laying of traps. \"With the advent of severe winter conditions, the wildlife has migrated to lower reaches of the Dhauladhars and is being hunted by the local inhabitants. To prevent such illegal hunting, teams are constituted to carry out constant patrolling,\" said chief conservator of forest, Dharamshala circle, A R M Reddy.He added that field staff has been mobilized for the purpose and prompt action would be taken to prevent such incidents. \"A division level team has been constituted comprising additional conservator of forest, block officer and forest guard. People could inform these officials about poaching at all the three divisions, namely Dharamsala, Palampur and Nurpur,\" Reddy said.\"These teams will submit first hand information to the forest headquarters regarding happening of any such incidents and the rescue operations carried out by them,\" he added. He also informed that the teams would remain effective till March 15 or the advent of summer, whichever happens later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11514758", "title": "India cannot supress fundamental rights: Google India to HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google India, which along with 20 websites is facing criminal case for allegedly hosting objectionable materials, today told the Delhi high court that blocking them was not an option as a democratic India is not a \"totalitarian\" regime like China.\"The issue relates to a constitutional issue of freedom of speech and expression and suppressing it was not possible as the right to freedom of speech in democratic India separates us from a totalitarian regime like China,\" advocate N K Kaul, appearing for Google India, told Justice Suresh Kait.During last hearing, Justice Kait had warned Google India and social networking site Facebook India that websites can be \"blocked\" like in China if they fail to devise a mechanism to check and remove objectionable material from their web pages.Responding to the court's remark, Kaul referred to media reports on the issue saying \"they (reports) suggest the existance of the right (freedom of speech).\"Initiating arguments, Kaul said internet is a global system which have billions of users that also included companies, private persons and the governments and their departments.He filed a representation in the court and said an online search for a word like \"virgin\" has 82.30 crore search results within 0.33 seconds and the idea of blocking a word like this would deprive net-users the required information.\"The queries could relate to Virgin Airlines or for that matter 'virgin areas for inventions', he said.Seeking quashing of the summons issued against the firm by a lower court, he said Google India is neither a search engine nor a web hosting site and was a distinct legal entity from its US-based holding company Google Inc, a search engine.\"No criminal liability can be fastened on Google India,\" he said.The counsel for the website sought to distinguish between Google India and its US-based holding company Google Inc.Google Inc is a service provider and not the Google India and hence, it (Google India) cannot be held accountable for any alleged offence committed by its holding company, he said.Even Google Inc cannot be held accountable for the acts of third parties who simply used the websites for posting or publishing \"obsecene or objectionable\" materials, Kaul said and gave illustrations as to how search engines act.\"Search engines like Google Inc does not and cannot control the websites to which users are trasnported to by them. The contents belong to the websites to which the users have visited and not to the search engines,\" he said.\"I (Google Inc) have nothing to do with the websites and their (offending) contents to which the users are being transported to. Because it is the third parties (websites) which are responsible for the contents,\" he said.The issuance of summons to Google India reflected lack of understanding on the part of trial judge as to how the system (internet) functions, he said.\"It's not the case of anybody that the alleged contents were good or bad. Of course, they were terrible but there are practical diificulties (in checking them). The persons responsible for all the contents have not been made parties.\"We are seeking to prosecute the websites which have done a great service to the world. This problem has arisen world wide in various forms and it is not that we in India are faced with such problems,\" he said.However, Vinay Rai, who had filed the complaint against 21 websites, opposed the plea of Google India.\"Google India, like its holding firm Google Inc, is also a search engine and in fact, they are same as out of 1,91, 295 shares of Google India, 1,91, 294 shares are being held by its holding company,\" the counsel for Rai said.The counsel for Rai also referred to the Memorandum of Association (MoA), annual returns and the directors' report of Google India to drive home his allegations that Indian and its US-based holding firms were the same.If the corporate veil is lifted, then it would become clear that they were the same and equally culpable, he said adding the veil could be lifted for a public cause, he said.Google India is culpable because it is earning for its US-based holding company, he added.The MoA of Google India has listed the function of a search engine as one of its objects and the plea that it was not a search engine was \"untenable\", he said.\"The holding company (Google Inc) has got a pervasive control on its subsidiary Google India,\" he said.Advocate Siddharth Luthra, appearing for Facebook India, questioned the authencity of the documents, including CDs, provided by the complainant to the court.\"The CDs, which have not been authenticated, cannot be used in evidence. The electronic records have to meet the legal requirements for being treated as evidence,\" he said and cited the apex court judgement in the Tehelka expose case.The lower court, while issuing summons to it and others, had erred by not taking an opinion from an expert body regarding genuineness of the CDs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505129", "title": "Delhi Metro: Automatic top-up for smart cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling in Delhi Metro could get truly cashless soon. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is planning to install technology that will enable commuters to recharge their smart card automatically. \"DMRC is procuring AFC (automatic fare collection) gates with new technologies that will have the capacity for automatic top-up of smart cards. This will be done through the bank accounts of the card holders' electronic clearance system (ECS),\" said a Metro spokesperson.It will work like this: when the balance of a smart card goes down to the pre-defined value or the minimum amount, the specific AFC gates will add pre-defined amount into the card automatically. Later on, the deducted amount will be collected from the card holder's bank account by the Metro fare collection system. DMRC officials claim the system will not only reduce cash transactions at the ticket counters but also help commuters avoid long queues for the recharge of their cards.\"DMRC is also developing a new technology through which commuters will be able to recharge their smart cards through various options such as net banking, credit cards and debit cards,\" added the spokesperson. It is procuring 'Add Value Machines' for recharging the smart cards at the stations through these systems. \"We are in the process of finalizing the technologies to be used for this facility. It is expected that this facility will be made available to the commuters in another seven to eight months,\" added the official.Currently, tokens and smart cards can be purchased or recharged only by paying cash at the specified counters, machines or customer care centres at Metro stations. More than 61 lakh smart cards are in the circulation in the Delhi Metro network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "11503983", "title": "Miscreants torch bikes in building compound", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Residents of a building near Jhulelal temple were shocked when unidentified miscreants believed to be minors set six motorcycles ablaze parked in the building compound on Sunday.Residents complained that fuel from their bikes was regularly pilfered by a gang in the past. Cops suspect that some boys are involved and that they were seen fleeing from the compound by some locals. A person whose bike was damaged in the fire said, \"It would have been a lot worse had we not called the fire brigade on time.\" Police said that at the time of the incident no watchman was on duty. They have booked the unidentified miscreants under Section 435 of IPC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504678", "title": "State plans to limit ministers' staff tenure", "text": "MUMBAI: The state plans to introduce new riders in the rules related to deputation of a government servant.Currently, norms regarding the period of deputation require a government employee to revert back to his/her parent department within four years.However, at least a dozen private secretaries (PS) and an equal number (if not more) of personal assistants (PA) working with ministers have not been sent back to the parent department for a decade or more. The trend is not dissimilar in the case of other staff employed with the minister's establishment.In some cases, the other staff employed with the minister's establishment have been retained for over two decades.A proposal for revising certain provisions of the Maharashtra Civil Services (joining time, foreign service and payments during suspension, dismissal and removal) rules, 1981, is being considered by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, say officials. The proposal has been put up by the state general administration department.A \"fixed\" tenure has been proposed for staffers on deputation in the minister's establishment. After serving one term (it could extend up to five years), employees on deputation, including PSs and PAs, might be asked to revert back to their parent department. After being sent back to the parent department, such officials will not be permitted to go on deputation again for a period of four years.An official pointed out that many officials a provision provided in the existing framework for a back to back deputation to avoid reporting back to the parent department. Changes might be introduced to the provision, an official indicated.The new riders will be applicable to all government servants on deputation, including those working in field offices outside Mantralaya.Another rider that could be introduced is to limit employees on deputation from one cadre to 20% or less. At present, the deputation ratio is high in certain department like the revenue cadre.The parent department could be asked to recommend a panel of names from its cadre for one vacant post instead of nominating one person, which is often the case at present.A senior official said that CM is keen to streamline the system of selection of candidates on deputation and their period of stay. A PA working on deputation with a senior state minister was recently caught by ACB sleuths for accepting a bribe. The PA had been on deputation for over five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504587", "title": "Winter sees surge in urinary tract infections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Consumption of less water, especially during winter is one of the main causes that worsen urinary tract infections which are reported in large numbers everyday in city hospitals. Moreover the main symptom of the infection which is burning sensation is usually considered a result of eating high calorie rich food like jaggery and \"panjeeri\", during this season. This delays the patients from approaching the doctors on time.Also, women who get these infections are so apprehensive of reporting it to the doctors that they prefer to self medicate, which in turn makes the infection acute. Going by public and private city hospitals OPD cases, on an average 50 cases are being seen daily in the city.Dr Seema Sharma, gynaecologist in a private hospital in Mohali, said, \"The symptoms of the infection include burning sensation and it's a common myth that this sensation is due to intake of \"panjeeri\" or antibiotics, which are usually taken during viral infections. Though unhygienic surroundings result in the infection, loss of immunity can also turn you into a victim.\"She adds, \"These days we are also seeing an increasing number of urban working women with the infection. Delaying the treatment can result in damage to the kidneys,\" She adds.Buying medicines over the counter and popping them in without a prescription is one of the commonest problems seen by doctors.\"When a patient gets relief from a particular antibiotic, it's passed on to others in need. But this varies from one person to the other. We get patients who start on their line of treatment with self medication. They visit us only when the case gets complicated,\" said Dr Alka Sehgal, a gynecologist at Government Medical College and Hospital.Eating citrus fruits which are available in plenty during the season is recommended by doctors. \"Eating citrus fruits brings down the infection rate. Also, during winter the infection is reported almost double the time,\" said Dr Lata Gupta, a Panchkula-based physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11503465", "title": "Chain snatched from woman", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals looted a gold chain from one Anita Gupta on Road number 6A in Rajendra Nagar locality under Kadamkuan police station on Sunday. Police said that the incident took place when Anita and her husband Sanjay Kumar , a mining officer, were on way to their residence after watching the Kite festival on foot.As the couple reached Road number 6A, two youths riding a motorcycle looted the gold chain from Anita and sped away. Kadamkuan police station SHO Jyoti Prakash said an FIR has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511727", "title": "Workshop for Vada Chennai", "text": "Director Vetri Maaran held a workshop for the actors and crew of his next film, Vada Chennai.The film has Simbu, Rana Daggubatti and Andrea playing the lead roles. While Simbu flew down from LA, where he was mixing his Love Anthem, to attend the workshop, Rana came down from Hyderabad for a day. G V Prakash, who is scoring the music for the film, tweeted, \"Had a nice session at the workshop for Vada Chennai with Vetri Maaran, Rana and the whole team.\"Vada Chennai is Vetri Maaran's next film after his National Award-winning Aadukalam with Dhanush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11502906", "title": "Nuclear weapons only for strategic deterrence: Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has rejected Pakistan's continuing veiled threats of using tactical nuclear missiles in the battlefield to deter Indian forces, holding that no one should be foolish enough to think of nuclear weapons as war-waging weapons.\"Let's be quite clear on it... Nuclear weapons are not for war-fighting. They have got a strategic significance and that is where it should end,\" said Army chief General V K Singh, speaking on the sidelines of the 64th Army Day on Sunday.Asked about reports that both Pakistan and China were fast bolstering their nuclear arsenals, Gen Singh said, \"I and my Army are not bothered about who has nuclear weapons. We have our task cut out and we will progress along that.\"The \"task\" is to \"transform\" the 1.13-million strong force into \"an agile, lethal and networked force\", which can rapidly mobilize and then launch and sustain multiple armoured thrusts across the border, even as India maintains a credible minimum nuclear deterrent.The largely futile Operation Parakram, the massive forward troop mobilization along the western front after the Parliament attack in December 2001, taught the Army harsh lessons since it took almost a month for it to amass strike formations at the borders. By then, the US had prevailed on the then NDA regime to back down, and Pakistan had shored up its defences.\"A lot has changed since the days of Op Parakram. If we did something in 15 days then, we can do it in seven days now. After two years, we may be able to do it in three days,\" Gen Singh said.In other words, the Army's three \"strike\" corps -- 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal), each with their three to four self-contained, highly-mobile \"battle groups\" centered around T-90S and T-72 M1 tanks - can now be ready at their border launch points within a week of the government directive.The Army is now working towards further cutting down this mobilization timeframe to 72 to 96 hours, even as its 10 \"pivot corps\" undergo \"structural changes\", operational logistics are reorganized and \"theatrisation of combat support\" tested.Gen Singh did admit the Army was fine-tuning its \"Pro-Active Strategy\", sometimes dubbed the \"Cold Start\" doctrine, to achieve desired politico-military results. The unstated aim is to punish Pakistan in a limited manner, not invade or occupy its territory, in the event of a terror strike.The strategy to launch multiple blitzkrieg thrusts across the border, tested in two major exercises Vijayee Bhava and Sudarshan Shakti last year, has certainly got Pakistan worried.Having already boosted its nuclear arsenal to around 90-110 warheads, compared to India's 80-100, Pakistan has also taken to projecting its 60-km Nasr (Hatf-IX) nuclear missile as a fitting riposte to thwart any such Indian move.But while India has a declared commitment of \"no first-use\", its nuclear doctrine does hold that \"nuclear retaliation to a first strike will be massive and designed to inflict unacceptable damage\". India even retains the option to retaliate with nuclear weapons if its forces \"anywhere\" are attacked with biological or chemical weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504477", "title": "City makes heavy weather of light read", "text": "What is it about Kolkata authors that makes them averse to the genre of Indian chick lit? Or lad lit, for that matter? Why is it that those writing in English from Kolkata are usually drawn towards the more serious stuff and largely happy penning literary fiction and poetry?Is it out of a sense of literary snootiness? Or simply a disinterest towards a genre that is often accepted as light reading?For those not familiar, chick lit is the sub-genre of fiction that is written in an airy and irreverent tone and features hip single working women in their 20s or 30s while tracing their emotional lives and professional struggles. Lad lit, in contrast, would refer to similar writings from the guy's point of view. From Rajashree's 'Trust Me' to Anuja Chauhan's 'Zoya Factor', from Advaita Kala's 'Almost Single' to Swati Kaushal's 'Piece of Cake', the Indian avatar of the highly popular 'Bridget Jones' Diary' and 'Sex and the City' is offering food for thought with their saucy depiction of the life of today's urban women who prioritize career over personal life, ridicule arranged marriages, break their head over weight loss and love to shop at the drop of a hat.Literary agents are pleasantly surprised with this apathy of Kolkata writers towards this genre. Says Jaipur-based literary agent Mita Kapoor: \"While I get writings from Kolkata authors who are into serious work, it's strange that I have never come across anything from Kolkata in the chick lit or lad lit genre. Perhaps authors from Kolkata carry on their shoulders the legacy of creating works that are far more rooted. But the publishing industry is opening out and it's time that writing emerging out of Kolkata experimented in other genres as well.\"Delhi-based literary agent Urmila Dasgupta admits that Bengali authors are by and large inclined towards fiction. \"They want to attempt something which is multi-layered and subtle. The humour is also not the street smart variety. It's rather more into the tragi-comic or satire variety. There are quite a few graphic novels coming out of Kolkata. I have worked with some first-time authors whose works borders on chick lit. I feel the choice of Kolkata writers might be governed by the connotations of the genre. Chick lit is about quick entertaining read. Many feel it doesn't challenge the intellect and those who take pride in intellect, like Kolkatans, or rather Bengalis, are not open to embracing that genre. However, it's never easy to write anything. Nobody who writes is unintelligent.\"While publishers get submissions for chick lit even from very small towns, Kolkata is very aloof. Says Saugata Mukherjee, publisher, Pan Macmillan: \"Kolkata considers itself highbrow. I get a lot of writing in the literary fiction genre, but certainly not in the commercial mass market category. That could be because readers and writers here have been subjected to great literature in Bangla. Kolkata might associate chick lit or lad lit with low literature. Ever since the Chetan Bhagatization of Indianized English, we have had so much contribution even from small-town India in terms of campus fiction or chick lit. This genre has really taken off in the past five or six years. Young writers from Lucknow, Ajmer and Jaipur are contributing in this genre. Kolkata, in contrast, aspires for literary fiction or midlist kind of writing.\"Says Sidharth Pansari, managing director, Crossword Kolkata: \"Recent successful fiction writers in India still treat writing as an alternative career. Initially, writing wasn't a high paying job and an author would earn approximately Rs 2.5 lakh as royalty in two years assuming a successful print run of 10,000 copies worth Rs 200 each. That isn't enough to sustain anyone. So, it's imperative to have a stable career otherwise. With most headquarters shifting outside Kolkata, these professionals also need to move out. For authors, Delhi offers a lot of interesting opportunities in the publishing industry. In Mumbai, Bollywood writing opens up for them. So, you will find highly placed Bengali professionals shifting out of Kolkata and writing as a side venture.\"Rimi B Chatterjee, who has published work in English and teaches at Jadavpur University, agrees with Pansari. \"We have exported quite a few talents to other cities because Kolkata offers very few corporate jobs. I can't remember a single name of a click lit author. This genre has a lot of potential. It's part of the immigrant culture where the authors are talking about the excitement of living alone. In Kolkata, most young people usually stay on with their parents and so that experience doesn't lend itself to chick lit. And why just chick lit? I can't also name any new nationally famous Indian writer based in Kolkata who is penning in English today.\" Chatterjee is now working on a science fiction novel that is set 600 years into the future and plans to write a chick lit some day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504872", "title": "Every citizen needs to help in nation-building: Sri Sri", "text": "PUNE: Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Sunday stressed on nation-building and the need for everyone to join in the endeavour. Speaking at a knowledge session titled 'Pearls of wisdom', Ravi Shankar spoke on various issues, such as education, poverty, integrity, corruption, besides self-awareness and development. He set a four-point programme urging people to eradicate ignorance, injustice, poverty and eradicating impurity in thought and action.Earlier, at a satsang on Saturday, Ravi Shankar said he had a strong belief that people from this land would rise a movement for change and betterment of the nation.\"In every 1,000 people there are 995 who believe in goodness and truth but unfortunately they choose to remain inert and thus, let the remaining 5, who are dishonest, rule. Our souls are in slumber and the time has come to awaken it. If there is intention, everything is possible. It is important to move forward, and make way for others. Holding on to power for generations can never be progressive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "giglio", "code": "11505457", "title": "130 Indians rescued as liner sinks", "text": "GIGLIO: About 130 Indians were reported to have escaped in lifeboats after giant Italian cruise liner Costa Concordia sank off Italy's western coast, government sources said on Sunday.Sunil Aggarwal, first secretary in the Indian embassy, was monitoring the situation. Families of those on the liner who wish to contact him can do so at +393311928715 and +393666535353.It is understood that almost all the Indians on the ill-fated liner were rescued and as yet there is no confirmation of any Indian being missing. Bodies of five victims have been recovered so far, none of them Indians.\"We have asked our staff to coordinate rescue operations without insisting on any proof or documentation. Their safety is our main concern,\" said Krishna.Some 41 people were said to be still missing at the time of going to press. The ship was carrying 3,206 passengers and 1,023 crew members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504858", "title": "13 women in every lakh affected by cervical cancer in Pune, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Cervical cancer is the most common cancer affecting women in India. The latest data projected its incidence at 13.5% in Pune-13 in every one lakh women are affected in Pune, followed by New Delhi (12.9%), Mumbai (11.8%) and Thiruvananthapuram (9.6%).Cities with high incidence of breast cancer are Bangalore (28.7%), Kolkata (27.5%), Chennai (26%), and Pune (25%), said cancer surgeon Rakesh Neve.He was speaking at the second annual symposium on women's cancer organised by Centre for Breast and Gynaec Oncology Group at Ruby Hall Cancer Centre. The two-day symposium focused on breast and cervical cancer concluded at Ruby Hall Clinic on Sunday.\"Cervical cancer is the most common one affecting women in India and the country accounts for 79% of the disease,\" said Neve, who is also organising secretary of the conference.Every year, more than 70,000 women die. The disease can be prevented through HPV vaccines and regular pap-smear testing, he added. The symposium covered all aspects of screening, early detection, treatments of cervical and breast cancer and was addressed by experts from all over the country.Gynaec-oncologist Rahul Roychowdhary from Kolkata spoke on recent aspects of screening. Another gynaec-oncologist Partha Basu also from Kolkata gave an overview of colposcopy which is an important tool for detecting early stages of cervical cancer.Robotic oncosurgeon Somashekar SP from Bangalore introduced robotic gynaecologic surgery. Gynaec-oncologist Amita Maheshwari from Tata Hospital, Mumbai, gynaec-oncologist Yogesh Kulkarni, Ambani Hospital, Mumbai, uro-oncolgist Chitra Thara from Kochi discussed various aspects of surgery in cervical cancer.The symposium included video demonstrations by oncosurgeon Suraj Pawar, gynaecologist Ramesh Bhosale, gynaec oncologist Yogesh Kulkarni. The KB Grant memorial oration was delivered by oncologist Sudeep Gupta of Tata Hospital on targeted therapies in breast cancer.Breast surgeon Anupama Mane of Ruby Hall Clinic discussed the detailed surgical approach to breast cancer. Gynaecologist Vaishali Chavan explained principles of diagnosis and staging of cervical cancer. Chief medical oncologist Minish Jain introduced the newer therapy of cancer vaccines which he is currently working on at Ruby Hall ClinicActor Mrinal Kulkarni, who has been associated with the BG group and women's cancer, appealed to all women to undergo regular pap-smear tests, opt for vaccination against HPV for every girl aged 9-11 years and underlined the importance of women's health as the cornerstone of a healthy family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505122", "title": "Man booked for biting wife's cheek", "text": "INDORE: A man was booked on charge of allegedly biting his wife's cheek.The accused, Suresh Ajmera, allegedly bit his wife, Sangita's cheek over a petty issue on Saturday.Police said Suresh was angry with his wife for sending their teenaged son to market. When he began using foul language, she protested. This made him furious and he allegedly bit her cheek.The victim, Sangita Ajmera, approached the Malharganj police with bleeding cheek on Saturday night.When the 40-year-old woman approached the Malharganj police with bleeding cheek, the police booked Suresh Ajmera under sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by using dangerous weapon or means), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) and 294 (obscene acts and songs to the annoyance of others) of the IPC.The victim was sent for treatment and investigations are on.The accused, Suresh Ajmera, allegedly bit his wife Sangita's cheek over a petty issue. He was angry with his wife for sending their son to market. When he began using foul language, she protested. This made him furious and he allegedly bit her cheek", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511962", "title": "Time band helped Saathiya immensely: JD Majethia", "text": "Actor-director JD Majethia feels the 7 pm time slot, which the show Saath Nibhana Saathiya is placed on, is giving his production house rich dividends in terms of TRPsThe story of a newly married uneducated young girl who takes up challenges in life is not a new story at all when it comes to Indian entertainment segment. But what made Gopi Vahu, the central character so popular on Hindi General Entertainment world could well be a good case study. While actress Gia Manek plays the character of Gopi with conviction, the show's TRPs reflect that it stands unbeaten.The first week of 2012 (January 1 to January 7) saw Saath Nibhana Saathiya (on Star Plus) scoring the TVR of 6.6 thereby outpacing other shows like Balika Vadhu, CID and Diya Aur Baati Hum.No doubt then that director Majethia is reveling in the success story of the show. Majethia says, \"Our target audience primarily comprise women and especially housewives have made the show a big hit. What made Saathiya a success on TV is its time band. The fact that we have put chosen the 7 pm time band for the show is letting us reap in nice benefits.\"The only other show which gave Saathiya a run for its money has been the fifth season of Kaun Banega Crorepati which was hosted by Amitabh Bachchan whose star power enabled KBC 5 to reign the TVR charts. However, KBC too was outpaced by Saathiya during certain weeks in terms of viewership stats.After KBC 5, the only other show which is inching higher along the TVR charts is Sumeet Mittal's Diya Aur Baati Hum, which got a TVR of 5. 98 during the week (as per TAM Peoplemeter System findings).Incidentally, Diya Aur Baati Hum is also telecast on Star Plus. But it has a different time band. And the two sister shows on the same channels indulging in TRP tussle makes the game all more interesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11506033", "title": "Rebels a small bother, not the weather: Khanduri", "text": "BC Khanduri says the BJP is better placed than Congress in Uttarakhand. But he also concedes niggling worries over sulking ministers who've been denied tickets this time. As the polls draw closer, the chief minister tells Mohua Chatterjee, the party leadership will sort things outA little over a fortnight is left for the polls. What for you is the most difficult problem at this juncture? Reaching out to every corner of the state physically is tough even in normal weather conditions. But electioneering is on. Everybody faces the same challenge. Despite difficulties, we have done quite a bit in the last five years and in the past five months I have tried to do some things. I feel BJP is on a better footing in comparison to others.Would you have preferred polls to be held later? We expected polls in Februaryend. We have to form a government here by mid-March. Now that the process has started, it's not an issue. Anyway, you cannot guarantee anything about the weather. So, the advantages or disadvantages will be the same for all. If some areas are out of reach, they can poll later. I see no problem.The party made a last-moment change, brought you back after five months. What if you lose? I joined BJP in 1991 for two reasons - Uttarakhand's statehood and for the party cause. I'm committed to both. If I get reelected, I'll take the state in the direction of development. If we lose, my commitment is for the state's betterment.Will URM (Uttarakhand Raksha Morcha) cut into BJP's votes? I don't want to comment on an organization that claims to be of ex-service men. BJP is a national party. It has always honoured the Army like no other party. Look at what Atalji did during Kargil war and the way war heroes and those who died in the conflict were treated. When we talk of ex-service men, BJP is the only alternative. The others are opportunistic.What do you have to say about Jaspal Rana who switched to Congress? What do I say of a person who moved out because he didn't get a ticket? His family has been with BJP, his father was a minister. It does not speak well.What about party factionalism? You replaced Nishank at the last moment. Aren't you worried? My party decided to make a change after much deliberation. They went into every aspect. I have confidence in their wisdom. There are worries, but there are people who'll take the right decision at the right moment and correct them.What is your campaign focus? Elect the person or party that has stood for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11512471", "title": "Adobe appoints Enterprise biz head; outlines 2012 strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT company Adobe Systems has appointed Kulmeet Bawa as Director Enterprise Business (India and South Asia) as part of its strategy to capitalise on the burgeoning opportunity for Digital Media and Digital Marketing solutions in the country.In a statement, Adobe MD (South Asia) Umang Bedi said, \"We are gearing our structure towards bringing the right mix of our Digital Media and Digital Marketing solutions to clients with a deep understanding of the unique challenges and opportunities of businesses in these sectors.\"We are delighted to have a leader like Kulmeet join Adobe to bring his expertise to our customers in the enterprise segment.\"Prior to joining Adobe, Bawa served Microsoft India as Director of Government and Healthcare business. He has over 20 years of experience in management roles at firms like Sun Microsystems and the Armoured Corps of the Indian Army.The Enterprise team, led by Bawa, will focus on seven vertical sectors -- BFSI, Media and Entertainment, Telecom, Manufacturing, IT/ITES, Retail and Government.Adobe has also outlined its 2012 growth strategy for India, which includes a revamped go-to-market approach, sharper focus on key verticals and geographical expansion to service growing markets.\"We see two distinct phenomena driving our growth in 2012 and beyond. One is the rise of India's creative economy and two, the evolution of Indian enterprises to become true Digital Enterprises,\" Bedi said.For both these phenomena, Adobe is uniquely positioned to help its clients not only create compelling digital content and experiences, but also manage and monetise those content and experiences, he added.Adobe has also announced geographical expansion by appointing regional territory managers in cities including Hyderabad, Chandigarh and Ahmedabad.The company is revamping its current channel partner programme and will be rolling out its third generation programme called Adobe Partner Connection (APC) in the month of March.The new programme is expected to help Adobe and its channel partners increase the reach of its products across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11505822", "title": "Finally smallest Gita will be on display at Kurukshetra museum", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Five years after being kept under lock and key, the smallest handwritten Gita in the world will finally be exhibited at the Shri Krishna Museum known for its treasure of old hand-written books and statues.The museum authorities have made special arrangements to ensure safety and good display of this tiny document, which entered the Limca book of Records in 2005 for being the smallest Gita in the world, measuring 1.7cm by 1.5cm. Sandeep Bhatt, a youth from village Pathreri from Ambala, who wrote this tiny Gita had gifted a copy of it to then Haryana Governor A R Kidwai, in 2006 on the occasion of Gita Jayanti.Impressed by his creation, Kidwai, had donated a copy of this tiny Gita to the Shri Krishna Museum. One of the copy of the Gita was put on display at the hand-written book stall of Kurukshetra University during the crafts mela during Gita Jayanti celebrations at the Brahm Sarovar. But the very next day, the KU authorities said it went missing. Wary of a repeat of such an incident, the KU administration instructed the museum authorities to keep the only copy in a safe room.It was only recently, after five years, that the museum authorities took a decision to give it space in the display section.\"Placement, visibility and of course safety of the document is our first priority. Since one such copy had gone missing from the manuscript section of the university, hence we don't want to take any chance. At the same time we need to facilitate those who want to see the tiny scripture,\" said Rajender Rana, curator of the museum.The decision of the Shri Krishna museum has come as a pleasant surprise for Bhatt. \"I came to know about this through the media. Though, the decision has come late, I am happy that people visiting the museum will be able to have a look at my creation,'' said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503813", "title": "Stepmom killed in front of grandkid", "text": "BANGALORE: A property-related feud between two spouses of a dead man took a bloody turn on Saturday. A 46-year-old woman was allegedly killed in front of her eight-year-old granddaughter by one of her four step-sons and a stranger in Bhavaninagar, Mico Layout.R Rajamma Reddy was stabbed repeatedly in the neck and stomach in her house. Police said her body bore six stab marks. They are looking for R Jayamma Reddy and her four sons. Jayamma and Rajamma were married to gas welding unit owner Rama Reddy who died five years ago. A year earlier, he gifted a 20 ft by 30 ft vacant site to his second wife, Rajamma.After her husband's death, Rajamma, who worked as a helper in a government hospital, built a three-storey building on the site. She refused to give any share in the property to Jayamma and her four sons: Lokesh, Gurumurthy, Ramesh and Sunil.On Saturday evening, Rajamma's daughter Dhanalakshmi dropped her eight-year-old daughter Umashree (name changed) and left for the market to buy Sankranti pooja materials. Jayamma and her four sons arrived later and picked up a fight with Rajamma over the property. Hearing the commotion, a neighbour called Dhanalakshmi on her mobile, who rushed back home only to find her mother lying in a pool of blood.\"Sunil visited Rajamma on Saturday evening. Neighbours said there was a heated argument and Sunil returned at 10pm with a stranger and stabbed Rajamma to death. We suspect Jayamma and three other sons were standing outside the house when Sunil killed her,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505487", "title": "Now, govt to hold advocates\u2019 panchayat", "text": "BHOPAL: After conducting Students' Panchayat, CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced to organise an Advocates' Panchayat soon. He was addressing the lawyers at inauguration of Advocates' Chamber and late Laxmi Shankar Shukla auditorium built at a cost of Rs 3.20 crore on the premises of Indore Bench of High Court in Indore on Saturday.Chouhan said that a committee comprising high-level representatives of judiciary, bar council and government will be constituted to advice the state to strengthen the legal system. The government will implement the recommendations of the committee.Chief Minister added that decisions will be also be taken on the suggestions made by the committee on making advocates' functioning easier and comfortable. Chief Justice of India Justice AK Patnaik, on the occasion, said that a powerful judiciary is imperative for continuous development.\"The governments should ensure better infrastructure and resources. With this, judiciary will be able to deliver better judicial administration,\" Patnaik said. In his address, acting chief justice of Madhya Pradesh High Court, Justice Sushil Kumar Harkauli said that infrastructure should always be constantly developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11505526", "title": "Ridiculous to wipe out frescos, says expert", "text": "PANCHKULA: \"It is ridiculous to wipe out the frescos.\" This is what Gurmeet Rai, director of Cultural Resource Conservation Initiative (India) and managing trustee of Punjab Heritage Preservation Trust, had to say about the white-washing of over-a-century-and-a-half-old frescos at the Mansa Devi Temple.Gurmeet, who has been involved with conservation work at Harmandir Sahib, was reacting to the news about the so-called restoration work being carried out by Haryana government at the shrine.TOI had reported how the white-washing of frescos at the temple had been ridiculed by Indian National Trust of Art, Culture and Heritage (INTACH), whose principal director Nilabh Sinha had said that it is not only against rules of restoration of old and rare works of art but would also damage these rare paintings on the walls of the shrine.Gurmeet, who directed two projects namely the Krishan Temple and Lakhpat Gurudwara, which received UNESCO Asia-Pacific Heritage Awards, echoes the sentiments. She said, \"I feel it is just being insensitive and high-handedness of the temple authorities. Mansa Devi Temple was the trendsetter for frescoes and their conservation in early nineties. It should be done the way SGPC is getting the frescoes conserved at Harmandir Sahib. People have got their sentiments attached with the temple.\"She added, \"Conservation is the need of the hour. It is appalling that one could damage such precious heritage.\"\"It is bad that limewash has been used on such frescoes which were significant for the temple. I haven't been to Mansa Devi temple but have heard a lot about the frescoes which were tourists' attraction. There was a time when the conservation of frescoes at the shrine used to be emulated by others,\" she pointed out. It was on January 10 when TOI had taken photographs of the frescoes being white-washed at the Mansa Devi temple and the same was termed as 'restoration' by the Haryana government. The temple is under the Haryana archaeology department, while Haryana Tourism Corporation is responsible for execution of the ongoing conservation work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506259", "title": "\u2018Mediation can help cut pendency\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: The students of Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University (RMLNLU) have taken up the task of spreading awareness about mediation. An idea that came from Anas Tanvir, student convener, Legal Aid Committee, to reduce the pendency of cases, resulted in organising the Asia's first mediation competition.A total of 44 students from 22 prestigious law schools from across the country acted like real advocates and convinced their respective parties for an out-of-court-settlement. The winners for the contest were Richa Tyagi and Anushree Bardhan from Campus Law Centre, Delhi University . \"It is a creative platform to hone skills on the spot. Not only does it help on the professional front but contributes to solve mundane problems too,\" said an elated Richa.The duo defeated Atul Madhavan and Kartik from SASTRA University, Chennai. With no signs of defeat on his face, Atul Madhavan said, \"Mediation is an innovative, cheaper method. It gives a sense of fulfilment that I, as a law student, will contribute to the society. The mediation competition is one of the most rewarding opportunities that RMLNLU has offered me. It helped in exposing students to a wealth of experience, guidance and inspiration.'' Congratulating the teams, RMLNLU vice-chancellor Balraj Chauhan said, \"Competitions like this improve the legal skills. It was good to see such extraordinary mediatory skills in students.\" The final round of the competition was judged by Justice D P Singh from Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court; Fulbright scholar, USA, Martin Price; senior advocates from Delhi High Court J P Sengh, Sadhna Ramchandran, Veena Ralli, Amita Sahni, Niranjan Bhatt and I B Singh. Advocate J P Sengh said, \"This mediation competition will create history as for the first time, such a competition has been organised in Asia.''The mediation event till now was organised in the United Kingdom and US for spreading mass awareness for methods like alternative dispute resolution (ADR).Earlier, advocate and organising secretary, mediation centre, Allahabad High Court, I B Singh spoke about the significance of mediation. He said, \"There were nearly 1,300 cases registered in the mediation centre of the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court since its inception. \"Out of this, nearly 450 cases have been resolved which is a satisfactory response. Family disputes, matrimonial complications are issues that can be handled effectively outside the court,'' said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515683", "title": "Three-day international conference on Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: Centre for Social Studies will hold a three-day international conference on 'Gujarat Society After Five Decades: Retrospect and Prospect'. Many national and international researchers and subject experts will be participating in the conference.The conference will be organized at the CSS on Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) campus. The researchers will detail various studies on Gujarat which has recently completed 50 years.The conference focuses on development scenario of the state. The impact of development on socially and economically weaker societies will be discussed at the event. The discussion will also focus on changes in condition of schedule caste, schedule tribe and other backward classes, minorities, women and unorganised labour will be discussed at the conference.In all, 32 research papers from India and abroad will be presented at the conference. Prominent among those who will speak at the conference are political observer Achyut Yagnik, journalist Vishnu Pandya, both journalists, Lancy Lobo, director of Centre for Cultural and Development, Vadodara, Rohit Prajapati of Paryavaran Surakhsa Samiti, Howard Spodek, historian and professor in Temple University , Pennsylvania , US, historian Makrand Mehta, former head of history department at Gujarat University, Amita Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504416", "title": "B D College to be declared 'no-smoking zone' from R-Day", "text": "PATNA: The B D College campus would be declared a \"no-smoking zone\" from January 26. A decision in this regard has been taken by the college authorities to maintain academic ambience on the campus. College principal B N Ojha said teachers and students would be barred from smoking , chewing betel and consuming any tobacco products once the new regulation is imposed.The principal said the college has already announced to maintain a dress code for boys and girls from February. Use of cellphones by students has also been banned on the campus. The college will realize fine from students found using cellphones on the campus during the teaching hours, he said.PG teaching: B D college will start postgraduate teaching in commerce from Tuesday. The PG teaching in commerce used to be held at the college in the past. However, it was withdrawn by the university due to some unavoidable reasons. The PG teaching in commerce would serve the purpose of students, particularly girls of local areas, who go elsewhere to pursue M Com course, Ojha said.Jubilee Bhawan: A N College is building Jubilee Bhawan on its sprawling campus. The building will be completed soon. It will house the administrative block of the college, college principal Haridwar Singh said. According to him, two more buildings for a girls' hostel and BEd students are also being constructed on the college campus. These buildings would give a new look to the college on their completion, he said.Elected members: Dhyanendra Kumar, HoD , PG dept of zoology, Veer Kuer Singh University, Ara, and Sheo Satya Prakash , professor of chemistry, A N College, Patna, have been re-elected members of the National Council of the Indian Science Congress for the year 2012-2013. Kumar is the only person from Bihar who has been re-elected as a member of the National Science Congress for the seventh consecutive year in the 100th year of the Science Congress. PM Manmohan Singh is the president of the National Council of the Science Congress.New year celebration: The Bachelor of Computer Science (BCA ) students of B D College held a cultural function to mark the new year on the college campus on Friday. A variety of cultural programmes marked the occasion. Sonal Kumar, Vivek Raj and Palak bagged prizes for their outstanding performance at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504150", "title": "First crocodile census starts in Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The first ever crocodile census was kicked off in the Sunderbans on Sunday. The exercise to be conducted in the daylight, will help track the behavioural pattern of the apex predators of the aquatic system. A fund of Rs 10 lakh has been sanctioned.It may be noted that there were reports of human-estuarine crocodile conflicts in Sunderbans in recent times especially from Sajnekhali and Kultoli areas.Some predators were also spotted in the rivers inside the villages. The data will be sent to Wildlife Institute of India (WII) officials, who will compile it and give the final estimation within three months.Thirty-one teams - 21 under Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) and 10 under South 24-Parganas forest division - would take part in the estimation procedure, said a forest department official.\"We have distributed 31 kits, containing thermometers and GPS, among the teams. While thermometers will be used to measure the temperature of the water, GPS will help in reading location.Each team comprises two foresters and an NGO member,\" said the official.The teams have already left for their respective areas. Of the 1000 sq km to be covered under the four-day exercise, the prime areas will be Sajnekhali, National Park east and west. While two teams have been sent for Sajnekhali, eight teams will look after National Park east and west. Over 200 forest department staff will participate in the process.\"Sighting of others mammals, quality of vegetation and mud flats too will be recorded. The team members will also draw water samples to gauge the level of salinity in the mangroves,\" said Pradeep Vyas, the director of Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve. He also added that there will be no tourism and fishing activities in these four days. According to him, six supervisors have been deployed to oversee the functioning of the 31 teams. \"Since most of the staff will be busy in the crocodile census, we have formed three special teams - to be stationed in Bakhna and Sajnekhali - to keep an eye on the tiger-straying incidents,\" Vyas added.Chief wildlife warden SB Mondal and Sunderbans Tiger Reserve field director Subrat Mukherji were among other senior forest officials who were present on the spot on Sunday.NGOs participating in the exercise are WWF, WPSI, NEWS, SHER and WII among others. Experts from International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) will also supervise the process.The exercise, to be conducted in the daylight, will help track the behavioural pattern of the apex predators of the aquatic system. It may be noted that there were reports of human-estuarine crocodile conflicts in Sunderbans in recent times, especially from Sajnekhali and Kultoli areas. Some predators were also spotted in the rivers inside the villages.A fund of approximately Rs 10 lakh have been sanctioned. The data will be sent to Wildlife Institute of India (WII) officials, who will compile it and give the final estimation within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "dewas", "code": "11504971", "title": "US co John Deere to invest 400 cr in MP", "text": "DEWAS: As part of its India investment plan, US agricultural machinery manufacturer John Deere will invest $80 million (about Rs 400 crore) to set up an agricultural tractor manufacturing unit in Dewas. The new facility could create about 1,000 fresh jobs, said Samuel R Allen, chairman &amp; chief executive officer of Deere &amp; Co.He said that nearly half the new employment would be given to the local youth. In addition to increasing employment, the new factory would enhance opportunities for ancillary industries. The new factory will build small agricultural tractors sold in India and for export to other nearby markets.Allen said that there was a potential for growth of ancillary industries in Dewas district worth Rs 1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11504900", "title": "Marathi manoos makes a Bhojpuri film", "text": "PUNE: When Mangesh Joshi started working on the script in 2008, little did he know that he would end up making a Bhojpuri film. Mangesh's first directorial film 'He' was screened in the Indian cinema section at the 10th Pune International Film Festival, on Saturday.A National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) production, 'He' is the story of a 13-year-old ragpicker Hari, who runs away from his home in Bihar to the city of dreams - Mumbai. Hari eventually bags a role in a short film which instantly makes him popular in the neighbourhood as 'Hero'. The film deals with the issues of displacement, social disconnect through Hari's journey of joys and disappointments in Mumbai.Mangesh, a chemical engineer, says it was his sheer love for cinema that got him into filmmaking. \"I started writing the script in English. During research, I realised that my characters were mainly from Bihar. It simply did not make sense to make them converse in English. So, I decided to make the film in Bhojpuri,\" he said.\"I never saw the regional language as a hindrance. Ultimately, cinema is a universal language and it's just the way you communicate with the audience,\" said Mangesh, a Maharashtrian himself.Though the subject of migration from north India to Maharashtra has been hotly debated, Mangesh had a different take on it. \"My film does not make any political comment on the issue but merely understands it from an individual's point of view.\"Mangesh has earlier worked with some of the big names in Marathi cinema - Sumitra Bhave, Sunil Sukhtankar and Sanjay Surkar. 'He' is his first film as a director.The NFDC had invited scripts from directors for funding. 'He' was one of the selected movies. \"I never thought the story of a migrant labourer had such a potential. With just two days left for entries to be submitted to the NFDC's Film Bazaar, I sat in a cyber cafe for 14 hours for next two days and submitted the script. Luckily, it got selected.\"The film's co-writer and assistant director Reza Nikbakht, an Iranian, found working on an Indian regional project a challenge. \"It was tough for me initially. Gradually, as we started researching and discussing the subject, I was able to develop a fine understanding of the subject. Mangesh worked on the language while I concentrated on the technical aspect of the script.\"Despite the perception that Bhojpuri films are loud and made only for mass appeal, Mangesh says his film cannot be classified as a Bhopuri genre film. \"I didn't make the movie with the intention of breaking the stereotypical notion of the regional cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509862", "title": "Sushmita Sen, Hrithik Roshan will walk the ramp with their kids", "text": "Making the very first edition of India Kids Fashion Week all the more special is actress Sushmita Sen , who is set top walk with both her daughters Renee and Alisah.\"This will be the first time for her with both the kids on the ramp. The family will be clothe horses for young designer Nishka Lulla and together they will all present the finale on Jan 19 at a suburban five star location,' says organiser Manoj Mahla. Nishka, too, confirmed the news saying, \"The collection is about a riot of colours. Just like a mela where kids are buzzing with energy and fun. Sush and her kids will walk for me. It's a first for Alisah.\"Meanwhile a source says that Sushmita also discussed the safety features of the fashion week beforehand and only then gave the final nod. Since the week has kids between the age of 4-14 years, special arrangements for safety and security are being ensured. Even the size of the ramp has been altered and a doctor is on call. \"After getting to know of these aspects such edible organic light makeup for kids and safety standards for a fact, Sush was comfortable about the participation,\" affirms the source.Meanwhile, Hrithik Roshan , too, has agreed to bring along his boys on the ramp. Making it a first for his sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan. Hrithik is the brand ambassador of a toy car brand Hot Wheels and his sons represent the target audience age group, when the brand officials requested the Agneepath star to bring along his sons, he was game for it. While the ramp for the Roshans will be about car racing replete with stop signals and flag-off points, their clothes are being designed by Mumbai-based designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed. He is designing for all the kids of the Hrithik-driven show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504621", "title": "Univ B-school cutoff expected to come down", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The cutoff for CAT candidates applying at University Business School is likely to come down this time as there has been a considerable drop in number of forms sold for admission to the MBA programme offered there.This is said to be happening as many B-schools have come up around the city. Though the cutoff tended to be at 98th percentile till some years ago, this time, it is expected to reach just the 87th percentile.\"One of the reasons that can be attributed to the drop in the sale of forms is Supreme Court's direction of doing away with the NRI quota. The actual cutoff would be known once students who appeared in CAT apply for admission in this department,\" said UBS chairperson Meenakshi Malhotra.From 2,700 prospectuses sold in 2011, the number of application forms sold for 2012-13 session has come down to 2,600. The numbers three years ago, however, were nearly double this.UBS has long been a favourite of CAT toppers, primarily because of nominal fee of the course, which touches Rs 1 lakh. Also, the tag of Panjab University adds respectability to a degree earned here. Most premier B-schools in the country including Indian Institute of Management (IIM) charge fees ranging from Rs 7 lakh to Rs 14 lakh.\"There are several private B-schools mushrooming both at the city periphery and within the city and students now have an array of choices. For several students, joining a B-School close to their home is a preference even if it means joining a relatively less reputed institute,\" added Malhotra.Meanwhile, experts of CAT coaching centres, who keep a close watch on the cutoff and sale of forms at UBS, say the cutoff is expected to remain average this year. \"Last year the cutoff at UBS was 85th percentile, which is expected to be similar this year,\" said Hridesh Madan, North India head of a coaching centre chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504648", "title": "Rustic humour, fine acting makes play interesting", "text": "NAGPUR: A time tested plot, popular actors and a festive mood all provided the right mix to make the Sunday evening an entertaining one for the Gujaratis in the city.A good number were present at Dhanwate National College auditorium to watch the popular Gujarati play Amreli thi America. Presented in the city by Mansi Group, the play has had more than 100 shows all over the world.Amreli thi America is a simple story of a grandmother, Anandiben Patel who resides in a village in Gujarat.She has a grandson living in the US who keeps coaxing her to visit him. But the old lady is unwilling to go there.A situation arises where she takes a decision to visit her grandson, and accompanied by a young girl from her village she makes the trip.In the US she has her way inspite of her rustic behaviour and even prevents her grandson from getting involved in a diabolical plot.The play produced and directed by Rasik Dave, belongs to television and film actor Ketki Dave from the first to the last scene. She has a sense and timing for comedy which she has utilized optimally to make this one rise above the mundane.The storyline is one which is very close to the Gujarati mindset and lifestyle.Dave's theatrics bring it that much closer to their heart too, with the result that she has the audience nodding, laughing and applauding with her as she delivers punches.The simple script is more than made up for by over the top acting and impromptu innovations in many scenes, which make the play topical. Riddhi Dave, the talented daughter of Ketki remains overshadowed by her mother and so does the remaining cast.What played a spoilsport to an otherwise enjoyable play was the auditorium which was ill equipped for such a show.The small stage made the set looked crammed and it took some time for the audience to adjust to the bad acoustic arrangements.Almost apologetic about the state of the auditorium Jyotsana Joshi, whose theatre group staged the play said, \"With Deshpande hall not available today, I had no other choice but to stage it here otherwise I would not have got the dates of these artists. But the play is a good one and maybe so the audience didn't mind the venue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ranaghat", "code": "11504391", "title": "Three gunned down at music show", "text": "RANAGHAT: A soiree turned sour in Ranaghat on Sunday night when miscreants raided the venue resulting in the death of three persons. A huge police contingent was rushed to the spot.The attack occurred a little after 9pm in Town Outdoor Ground near the Ranaghat Municipality where the programme was going on. The function was organized by a local magazine and more than a 1000 people had gathered to be a part of it.Amid the function, the audience suddenly heard gunshots and ran for cover. Later, three youths were found slumped on the ground. Reportedly, two of them died on the spot while one succumbed to his injuries on the way to the hospital. Neither have the victims been identified nor was the motive behind the attack known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515686", "title": "Youth beat up constable in Umargaon", "text": "SURAT: A constable was thrashed brutally by few youths for he asked them to clear public road in Umargaon on Sunday evening.Constable Dhirendra Mansing at Umargaon police station had gone to a cricket match venue and found traffic jam as many viewers were standing on the main road. He asked the youths to clear the road, which led to an argument between them, subsequent to which Dhirendra was hit by them with cricket stumps.An injured Dhirendra fell on road. People did not allow police to arrest the miscreants, thus forcing the latter to resort to lathicharge. Police have booked Apurva Machhi, Darshan Machhi, Rajesh Machhi, Hemraj Machhi and five others. So far no arrest has been made. The accused are on the run, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504359", "title": "25-year-old mowed down in Byculla", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old died after a BMC dumper mowed him down in Byculla on Sunday afternoon. Passersby caught the driver and handed him over to the Agripada police, in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred.The deceased, Nitin Jadhav, a resident of Chembur, was on his way to visit his aunt at Fancy market in Byculla when the mishap occurred.\"Jadhav was crossing the street around 3pm when a BMC dumper knocked him down, leaving him grievously injured,\" said a police officer.Passersby informed the police control room, which dispatched a police mobile van to the spot. Jadhav was rushed to Nair Hospital, where he was declared dead. Although he did not suffer major external injuries except on his head, doctors said that there was serious internal bleeding.The dumper driver, Santosh Kedar (30), told the police that he was travelling towards Byculla fire brigade when he lost control of the vehicle. Officials are probing whether Kedar was inebriated.\"Kedar has been sent for a medical examination. Reports will reveal if he was drunk,\" an official said.Kedar has been booked for rash driving and causing death due to negligence.He will be produced before a metropolitan court on Monday.Mumbai: A 25-year-old pedestrian lost his life after a BMC dumper mowed him down at Byculla on Sunday afternoon. Passersby caught the driver and handed him to the Agripada police in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred.The deceased, Nitin Jadhav, was a resident of Chembur and was hunting for a job. He was on his way to visit his aunt at Fancy market in Byculla on Sunday afternoon, when the mishap took place.\"Jadhav was trying to cross the street at BJ street in Byculla. Around 3 pm, a BMC dumper knocked him down, leaving him grievously injured,\" said a police official. Some of the passersby informed the police control room which dispatched a police mobile van to the spot. Jadhav was rushed to the Nair hospital, where he was declared dead.Although Jadhav did not suffer major external injuries except on his head, doctors said there was serious internal bleeding. The dumper driver, Santosh Kedar (30), told the police that he was travelling from Saat Rasta towards Byculla fire brigade when he lost control of the vehicle (MH01 L 5243). Officials are now probing whether Kedar, who is a Chembur resident, was inebriated.\"Kedar has been sent for a medical examination. Reports will reveal if he was drunk driving,\" an official said. Kedar has been booked for 'rash driving' and 'causing death due to negligence.' He will be produced before a metropolitan court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11513483", "title": "We are not totalitarian regime like China: Google India to HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google India, which along with 20 websites is facing criminal case for allegedly hosting objectionable materials, today told the Delhi high court that blocking them was not an option as demorcratic India is not a \"totalitarian\" regime like China.\"The issue relates to a constitutional issue of freedom of speech and expression and suppressing it was not possible as the right to freedom of speech in democratic India separates us from a totalitarian regime like China,\" advocate N K Kaul, appearing for Google India, told Justice Suresh Kait.During last hearing, Justice Kait had warned Google India and social networking site Facebook India that websites can be \"blocked\" like in China if they fail to devise a mechanism to check and remove objectionable material from their web pages.Responding to the court's remark, Kaul referred to media reports on the issue saying \"they (reports) suggest the existance of the right (freedom of speech).\"Initiating arguments, Kaul said internet is a global system which have billions of users that also included companies, private persons and the governments and their departments.He filed a representation in the court and said an online search for a word like \"virgin\" has 82.30 crore search results within 0.33 seconds and the idea of blocking a word like this would deprive net-users the required information.\"The queries could relate to Virgin Airlines or for that matter 'virgin areas for inventions', he said.Seeking quashing of the summons issued against the firm by a lower court, he said Google India is neither a search engine nor a web hosting site and was a distinct legal entity from its US-based holding company Google Inc, a search engine.\"No criminal liability can be fastened on Google India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505165", "title": "After milk, salt under quality check scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: After milk, salt - another most common food item - is under the Food Safety Standards Authority of India's (FSSAI) scanner.The FSSAI is collecting salt samples from across metros to check iodine levels. The study aims to find out how much iodine is available in the salt being sold to consumers.\"We want to see how much iodine is being consumed through salt by consumers. The study is being carried out in metros like Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune, Bangalaore and Guwahati among others. Around 100 samples of salt- both packed and being sold loose - are being tested from each city. The results will be available soon,\" a health ministry official told TOI.According to the Coverage Evaluation Survey, adequately iodated salt consumption in the country was about 71% and the rest (29%) contained nil and inadequate iodine. About 71 million Indians are suffering from Iodine Deficiency Disorders (IDD). IDD is the leading cause of mental retardation globally. Every year, 13 million Indian children are born unprotected from brain damage caused by iodine deficiency.It is estimated that 200 million Indians are exposed to the risk of IDD.Health ministry data says that out of 324 districts in all the 28 states, 263 districts are endemic, where the prevalence of IDD is more than 10%.Under the 12th Five Year plan, India aims to bring down prevalence of IDD below 5%. By 2017, the Union health ministry wants to ensure 100% consumption of adequately iodated salt in households.\"We want to conduct a fresh IDD survey/resurvey of 643 districts of the country. It is estimated that an amount of Rs 643 lakh will be required during the entire Plan period for the survey. During the 12th Plan, we have asked the Planning Commission for Rs 1,225 lakh to set up one IDD monitoring lab with one laboratory technician and one lab assistant for every state,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511455", "title": "I respect Baba Ramdev: Poonam Pandey", "text": "Model Poonam Pandey does not stop from being in news ever since her 'strip tease' offer for the men in blue.The recent one, however, is her tweet on Baba Ramdev. On January 14, Poonam psoted, \"'Black' day for Ramdev: Youth throws ink on yoga guru..... is it true???\" The girl has now clarified that it was not really what she meant. In her clarification post, Poonam said, \"TweeetHearts!! I just retweeted the Joke about Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev... i don't have ne thing against him.. infact i respect his efforts as what he is doing its for my country.\" Point taken.But you see, the girl does not really have to try too hard to be in news, well, all the time. If she is not posting her own pictures on social networking sites inviting attention, there are many who keep posting stuff about her or talking about her. So, whether they are reports of socialite Paris Hilton following her (and then unfollowing her) or a Pakistani video on her or a \"Kolaveri Di\" video featuring her or Chunky Panday commenting on the surname they share, Poonam has always managed to stay in news. The Ramdev comment, therefore, and the clarification thereof, does not come as a surprise. Does it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11515607", "title": "No headway in 2009 lynching case", "text": "VADODARA: When a group M S University ( MSU) students lynched a casual labourer suspected to be mobile thief last month, the city police took just over a week to identify and arrest the accused who were part of the mob.However, a 2009 lynching case of Pavi Jetpur taluka wherein three persons lost their lives is still hanging fire. Even, two-and-half years after the incident, the CID (crime) is yet to make any arrest in the case. The case was transferred from rural police to CID just two days after the crime so that the investigations could speed up.But, exactly the opposite has happened. CID officials maintain that their investigations are near completion but refused to reveal more details. It was on July 22, 2009 that an angry mob had attacked three persons suspected to be thieves in Pavi Jetpur taluka. The mob had caught the trio near Jhari village and given them a sound thrashing. Later, the deceased were also beaten up near Gadawal police chowky where they were taken.\"We are investigating the case and are very near to crack it. Soon action will be taken and the accused will be arrested,\" said CID (crime) police inspector A P Somaiya. When asked what is taking so long for the cops to arrest the accused, Somaiya said that revealing anything would harm the investigations and the accused may flee.However, the fact that not a single person has been arrested tells the tale of apathy towards the case. Sources said that the cops have already identified some of the accused who attacked the alleged thieves but no step is being taken to arrest them. \"The department is simply sitting on the case and doing nothing,\" said a cop.Those killed by the mob have been identified as Gajra Moti, Dilip Salat and Jaggu Majapoojak, all residents of Chota Udepur. They were smashed with stones and sticks and had suffered severe injuries. The police had to lob teargas shells and fire one round in air to disperse the angry mob that didn't spare even the cops who were trying to save the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504710", "title": "Vollokh - A tug-of-war between family life and social activism", "text": "Cruelty to animals is punishable by law. But sparing stray dogs and cows by risking the life of human beings is equally condemnable, says comedian John D'Silva in his drama 'Vollokh' (Acquaintance).Rodney (Joe) sloughs hard with the welfare of his family in mind. He returns home exhausted and he expects his wife Flocy (Meeta) to attend to his needs.Unfortunately, she is never around as she is more committed to her social organization.The chairman of the Save Animal Organization, Flocy fails to fulfill her responsibility towards her husband. Consequently, there are verbal conflicts between the two.Unable to bear the mounting pressure at home, Flocy decides to employ a maid, Monica (Natty), whom she expects to shoulder all the household chores.Coming for a poor family where she has missed out on love and care, Monica fulfills her duties diligently.Rodney is touched by the caring attitude of his maid, as he fails to receive the same from his wife.Over a period of time, what are the developments in Rodney's family with Monica's entry? What decision does Flocy take to stay committed to the NGO she heads? How does her husband react to it? What are its consequences? All this is well presented in the second half of the drama.Joe and Meeta have played their roles quite comfortably. Natty deserves a special mention for her character role. She wins the hearts of the audience with her simple life as a maid and thereafter as a commanding personality in the family.Peter de Pedda has also done justice to his double role - initially as the active member of Save Animal Organization and later as Domingo.John D'Silva and Nato dish out rib-tickling comedy. While the light effects were up to the mark, more stress could have been laid on the stage setting.Songs rendered by Succoro de St Cruz (Komunhanv), Meeta (Rag Pois Kor), John D'Silva (Mobile Phone), Antush (Kaido Munisponnacho) were good, appealing and with a message.A special tribute to late Robin Vaz by Anthony San and Meeta stood out among the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505014", "title": "Plans to open 400 JTBS in Pune division", "text": "PUNE: The railways' plan to start 400 Jan-Sadharan Ticket Booking Sevak (JTBS) centres has elicited low response in Pune division. According to sources, only five applications from private players have been received by the railway administration since it started the centres about a month ago. The administration has planned to start 200 centres within the Pune city area and another 200 at prominent stations in Pune division.\"The JTBS centres act like a ticket counter at railway stations. Commuters can avoid waiting at ticket windows at railway stations. The centres will benefit passengers especially during rush hours,\" said a railway official.The official said the administration has planned to open such centres at nearby railway stations to avoid loss of time buying journey tickets. \"We are expecting more applications in coming days,\" said the official.The railways has decided to appoint private operators to run the JTBS. They will undertake sale of unreserved journey tickets, such as those for Pune-Lonavla local trains, Pune-Daund shuttle services and long-distance unreserved journey tickets. The JTBS operator receives a commission of Re 1 per passenger. The centre can be operated from any private places like shops, malls or any commercial premises, especially at locations near railway stations.At present, about 17 JTBS operators are offering services to the commuters in Pune division, of which 15 centres are located in Pune city, said the official.Pune division's passenger earnings up by 14%According to officials, the passenger earnings of the division reached up to Rs 337.87 crore between April and December 2011, an increase of 14% as against the earnings during the same period in 2010.The goods earnings reached up to Rs186.07 crore, an increase of 61%, while other earnings reached up to Rs. 29.25 crore, an increase of about 30% as compared to last year's earnings. Total earnings reached up to Rs. 553.19 crore till December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "dhanbad/jamshedpur", "code": "11515872", "title": "13 killed, 33 hurt in twin mishaps", "text": "Dhanbad/JAMSHEDPUR: Thirteen persons five pilgrims from Uttar Pradesh and eight labourers were killed in two accidents on Monday. Altogether 33 people were injured in the twin mishaps that took place in Giridih and West Singhbhum districts.The pilgrims from Pratapgarh in Uttar Pradesh were returning from Gangasagar in West Bengal when the bus in which they were travelling collided head on with a truck near Nomiyaghat in Giridih district around 5 am. Twenty-nine others were injured. The five deceased were identified as Nirmla Devi (46), Rampati Devi (59), Sheshban Pathak (70), Surendra Sharma (40) and Baidyanath Tiwari (70).Of the 29 injured, 22 people have been admitted to the Pataliputra Medical College and Hospital here in a serious condition. Two were sent to the Dumri hospital and five to the Giridih hospital.Police said the private bus of Thakur Travels of Pratapgarh was returning with the pilgrims who had gone to Gangasagar during the Makar Sankranti festival. The collision between the bus and truck that was coming from opposite direction took place at Shankardih circle of Nimiyaghat in Giridih about 5am.Nimiyaghat police station officer in charge Satish Kumar said the bus was apparently trying to overtake a vehicle and in the process collided with the truck. \"We have sent the bodies to Giridih Sadar Hospital for postmortem. The pilgrims are stranded at Giridih and awaiting a vehicle to go to Pratapgarh. Both the bus and truck drivers managed to escape after the accident.\"A team of CRPF jawans, who were stationed in a police camp nearby, rushed to the accident site on National Highway-2 and provided first aid. They also brought other passengers to the camp and made arrangements for their food and shelter.In the other incident, eight labourers died and four others suffered serious injuries when an iron ore-laden truck overturned at the Raika forest in Gua, about 25km from Jagannathpur subdivisional office in West Singhbhum district.The truck, ferrying the raw mineral, was coming towards Chaibasa when it turned turtle burying eight labourers alive and injuring four.\"About 15 people were on board the truck. Police are in the process of identifying the eight who died. The injured persons have been admitted to a local government hospital,\" said Jagannathpur SDO Bhism Singh.Following the mishap, the truck driver and his assistant fled. The SDO said rescue teams reached the spot as soon as the information of the accident reached his office. He said an inquiry into the matter would be made and efforts are on to get hold of the missing driver and his assistant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504613", "title": "'Sector 22 lacks proper security'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sector 22 falls under the area of councillor Pardeep Chhabra. Reacting to the murder of Harminder near Aroma eating joint-22, Chhabra said, earlier check posts were put up from 11pm to 5am at Aroma light point and other entry and exit points of Sector 22 as it is considered a sensitive sector.\"All the vehicles entering Sector 22 in night were checked properly. But, now UT police have stopped the practice of sector sealing during night, citing scarcity of force as an excse,\" he added.Chhabra said some people believe the trend of night life leads to such incidents.\"I believe night life, too, is important but proper security arrangements need to be put in effect for people to enjoy fearlessly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11515761", "title": "Surat airport still not ready for night operations", "text": "SURAT: Surat airport authorities are preparing to get necessary approvals for enabling night landing facility.With SpiceJet announcing the commencement of its Delhi-Surat-Mumbai-Mangalore flight from February 1, industry sources said that more airlines may look at starting flights from here. The night landing facility will be a must when the city gets more flights.Director general of civil aviation (DGCA) is yet to approve such a facility for Surat airport.The SpiceJet has been forced to opt for the afternoon timings for the return flight from Mumbai and evening time for the return flight from Surat to Delhi due to the lack of night landing facility at the airport.\"We have received many enquiries related to the return flight timing from Mumbai to Surat from the passengers. But we are helpless given the fact that the airport is not having the night landing facility,\" said a company official.In July-2009, the airport was fitted with Rs 2 crore worth of Instrument Landing System (ILS) imported from Germany for making night landing facility possible. But, the ILS system is yet to get an approval from the aviation department.RD Shendre, Surat Airport director told TOI, \"We will initiate necessary action to get the approval for night landing facility from DGCA in the next two months time.\"\"We have been assured by the airport authorities that the system is in place and that they are waiting for the approval from the aviation department,\" he added.Rohit Mehta, president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGsaid, \"After the successful launch of SpiceJet services connecting Surat to Mumbai, Delhi and Mangalore, other leading airline companies will be attracted to start their operations from Surat. In such case, the airport needs to have all its systems and equipments in place to cater to the smooth operations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506213", "title": "Ghazipur tops with 1,130 poll code violation cases", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a state where many districts have displayed 'model conduct' and drawn appreciation from authorities, Ghazipur has registered the highest number of cases for poll code violation.Till Sunday, according to the Election Commission data, a total of 1,585 FIRs were filed against various persons for flouting the model code of conduct in the state. Of this, Ghazipur alone accounted for over 1,130 complaints.An election officer in Ghazipur said, \"FIRs have been registered on various grounds - for carrying arms illegally, unaccounted cash, alcohol and for putting up party posters and flags on walls and outside people's homes without the requisite permissions from the EC.''Though Ghazipur has topped the chart with the highest number of cases registered, a few other districts have also kept election observers on their feet. Pilibhit, though not close, came second with 54 FIRs registered against contesting candidates or party workers.But the Election Commission officials said stringent rules and regulations have kept several unlawful activities under check.\"Due to tight monitoring, a lot of things that might have passed muster earlier are getting noticed. Action is also initiated to send out a strong message that the commission will not tolerate any misbehaviour,'' said a senior Election Commission officer.PTI adds: EC tells RBI to check huge cash flow in poll statesFearing that banks may be \"misused\" to bribe voters with cash during the forthcoming polls in five states, the Election Commission has asked the RBI to ensure that banking channels are not exploited for such purposes. The EC has written to the Reserve Bank of India in the backdrop of a recent incident where the Income Tax department seized, from two vans, cash of about Rs 12.38 crore reportedly belonging to ICICI Bank after it was intercepted at Delhi's border with Ghaziabad (Uttar Pradesh). During the same interception on January 9, another Rs 60 lakh cash claiming to be deposited in HDFC Bank , was seized by the tax department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11508146", "title": "Aakash tablet: Datawind opposes IIT's test standard", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT device maker Datawind said the proposed product testing criteria by IIT (Jodhpur) cannot be applied to the first version of Aakash tablets, the world's cheapest, supplied by the company.IIT (Jodhpur)'s test criteria include conditions like water resistance whereby a unit of Aakash tablet will be placed in a rain chamber supplying rain at a rate of no less than 4 inches per hour.Datawind CEO Sunit Sing Tuli told PTI that the test specifications have been proposed by the IIT after the tender document was submitted and were not a part of the original tender.\"The price point at which Aakash tablets are being made cannot be compared to $1000 laptop. We have supplied product with better specification than what was issued by IIT Jodhpur,\" Tuli said.Test criteria made by the IIT is based on millitary specification of a rugged product, he said, adding, \"We have objected to it that millitary specifications do not make sense.\"IIT was given the responsibility to procure $35 (about Rs 2,000) tablet under 'The National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technologies (NME-ICT) of the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) programme.Tuli said that the company has communicated its view to the concerned IIT Director and he is confident that changes in the proposed test criteria will be made soon.On recent reports of complication in the Letter of Credit issued to the company by the government, Tuli said it is valid till end of January and as after resolving issue of test criteria, it will be extended further.\"I am confident that Letter of Credit will be extended,\" Tuli said.The Letter of Credit will enable Datawind to get payment from banks after the government approves it and communicates to banks for making payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11503949", "title": "Prepaid cab scheme at CST deferred as poll code comes into effect", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will now have to wait another two months for the launch of the prepaid taxi service outside CST. This is due to the code of conduct which is in effect owing to the upcoming civic polls in Mumbai. The inauguration has now been postponed to March.The state transport department had last year announced that it would start five prepaid taxi services outside prominent railway stations-Mumbai Central, Dadar, Bandra Terminus, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and Mumbai CST-in view of the increasing number of complaints regarding refusals and overcharging. While the first four prepaid stands were launched between September and December 2011, the last one was to be set up outside Mumbai CST during the year end, but it was delayed. Senior officials from the transport department had earlier stated that the Mumbai CST stand would be inaugurated in December, but they had a problem in setting up the stand. outside the busiest railway station in Mumbai.\"There were some issues regarding logistics, such as identifying and confirming the spot where the stand would come up, speaking to taxi unions and so on,\" an official said.Before the launch could take place, the code of conduct was enforced and the inauguration has now been postponed to March, sources said.Sources said a few other projects in the transport department, as well as those in the BEST, MSRTC have been postponed for the same reason. The BEST had planned to procure new AC volvo buses. \"However, if they purchased the buses or launched them on the road now, it would only imply violating election guidelines. So, the plans have been postponed for one and a half months,\" said a BEST committee member.A MSRTC official said there were plans to introduce new buses and routes, but this has also been deferred. For example, the MSRTC had planned to launch a new Volvo service to Goa and a few other routes connecting prominent towns in Maharashtra. \"But this has now been postponed due to the election rules. Also, we cannot have any function or press conference nor can we announce any new amenities/facilities for passengers,'' an official said.The MSRTC was planning to introduce the pantry service, the first of its kind in the Mumbai-Pune volvos. It had also planned to launch LCD entertainment in most of its buses, but the plans have now been shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11504682", "title": "Mall or museum, park or piazza?", "text": "Brigade Road, Commercial Street, 30-odd malls, a zoo, two big botanical gardens, a few amusements parks. That's all Bangalore's children have to unwind during weekends.The little time that children get with their working parents during weekends is often spent in malls. \"An outing in a nearby mall serves a dual purpose.While Mohit plays in the gaming zone, we can do our weekly shopping.We go for dinner and then head home. This has almost become a routine for us every Sunday,\" said Akshata Rai, system analyst with an IT company.With malls having weekend shows and discount sales, for many like Akshata, they come as a getaway for the entire family. \"It's a great place to meet up, socialize, eat and shop. So what's wrong?'' ask parents.With friendsMayank Vashishtha and his wife Mamatha, both software engineers, have an innovative way to spend Sundays with daughter Avani, 4. \"Avani has her group of friends from her day care centre. She knows them for over two years now and is very comfortable playing with them. So every Sunday,we and her friends' parents gather at one place and spend some hours together playing with the kids.We then go for dinner or shopping and it's back home,\" said Mayank.Those with smaller children prefer parks, since malls get a little too crowded during weekends. For techie couple Uday Kamat and Sangeetha, whose weekday begins at 6am and ends at 11pm, the small park with swings and slides across from their residence is the best place to unwind on Saturday with 3-year old daughter Moksha.Says Uday:\"We cannot afford to quit our jobs. We've accepted the fact that we have to work to give her financial security and quality education at the cost of quality time with her every day. We try our best to spend time with her. On weekends, we take her out to Lalbagh or drive down to Bannerghatta National Park.\"Weekend scheduleBut many parents aver that Bangalore is, indeed, starved of good getaways. It's the same old places we go back to week after week, and it could get boring after a while.\"We have a schedule. One week it's visiting relatives/friends, the other is parks, the subsequent week a mall and then temples. This way, there is a freshness in our outings. Unlike Mumbai which has a beach or Delhi where there are historical places, Bangalore has very few places to unwind,'' says Sanu Abraham, senior executive in a development organization.Dr Ajith Royan Benedict, orthopaedist and father of a 15-year old daughter, says: \"What's important is to spend quality time with your child every day. When she was young, we used to take her on outings and made sure we go to places close to nature. Now that she's grown up, we need to change our outings.\"\"We can't afford to drive down to the city every weekend to visit gardens or malls. We have small parks and malls in our area, but they don't have many options. So I take my children swimming or play tennis with them in our clubhouse. Once a month,we go to the CBD for shopping and dinner. Bangalore is a growing city and with development, I think, we'll get more entertainment options for our kids,\" said Laxman Hegde, a resident of Jigani Road.Times viewFor the typical Bangalore family, the weekend has taken on a sense of monotony: a movie, mall, shopping and dining out. Or one of the crowded parks. Increasingly, people are discovering that Bangalore offers little by way of entertainment for children, who need enriching experiences to remember that golden flash called childhood. Most tots would cherish a visit to a park for some carefree hours of play, the older ones would prefer a zoo or museum or to watch a play. For rushed parents, finding excitement for the weekend is getting tough. What we need is variety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505106", "title": "'Youths must take lessons from the life of Vivekananda'", "text": "INDORE: Youngsters should take lessons from the life and teachings of Swami Vivekananda and should inculcate patriotism, nationalism and hindutva just like Vivekandna, said joint convenor (Sah Prant Pracharak) and central committee member of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), Dr Shrikant while addressing the crowd of around 5000 students from different schools and colleges of the city on Sunday. RSS had organised a Pathsanchalan in the city to commemorate the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.Media wing of RSS told TOI that the motive behind organising the programme was to inculcate Indian culture among youngsters and inspire them to be like Swami Vivekananda, who contributed to the country and hindutva in such a short period of time.Stressing on the importance of youth for nation building and preserving Indian culture and civilisation, Shrikant urge youth to dedicate their life for the country. He advised the youth to concentrate on physical exercise as well. \"You should get into both physical and mental exercise as it inculcates the habit of wining,\" he said adding that physical fitness and mental alertness is an essential trait of a winner.Later the pathsanchalan which had members from three wings-Danda Wahini, Ghosh Wahini and Shashtra Wahini began its march from Chimanbagh and passed through Devi Ahilya Marg, Jail Road, MG Road, Rajwada, Jawahar Marg, Sitalamata Bazaar, Khajuri Bazaar and Neta Subhash Marg and culminated at the Chimanbagh.Students from standard IXth to graduation marched on the band in RSS attire. Vibhag Pracharak Pramod Jha and Vibhag Karyawahak Rakesh Dubey led the procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504451", "title": "CIC to list all pending cases on website", "text": "NEW DELHI: With complaints of arbitrariness in hearing of cases piling up, the Central Information Commission last week began listing out pending cases before each commissioner on its website. Cases pending before chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra and information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi have already been uploaded while the other commissioners are likely to follow soon. This is the first time that an information commission has displayed at least a partial list of cases pending before it.Speaking about the move, Mishra said, \"This is an added advantage to the public. Other commissioners will also put up their list of pending cases but we have not set a time frame.\" CIC has a pendency of 22,000 cases with about 2,500 cases added every month.The decision was prompted by an RTI application that sought information on the status of a case filed a year ago. Information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said that in replying to the decision, the commission realized that the case was over a year old and was inadvertently left out of the cause list.\"I realized that if a mistake had been made in one case, it could have been made in some others as well. A careful search of 2010 cases revealed another 110 cases which had been forgotten and missed completely,\" Gandhi said.In fact, one of the cases related to the widow of a government employee and her struggle to get pension that only ended 17 years later.The 'List of pending cases' has been displayed on the CIC website and will be updated every month. Gandhi said, \"CIC is only six years old and this will be an opportunity for us to correct mistakes and also reassure citizens that there is fairness in taking up their cases. In most commissions and judicial bodies, citizens suspect arbitrariness and corruption in the listing of cases. The simple act of listing all pending cases publicly will go a long way in restoring citizens' confidence in these institutions, and also act as self- regulating check.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505066", "title": "Authorities toughen stand against hostel owners", "text": "INDORE: The district administration is going to act tough on the private hostels that have allegedly been ignoring the orders to furnish the mandatory details pertaining to the hostels and its occupants.There are nearly 2,000 hostels in the city limits and they have not provided any information to us as required. Now, action will be taken against the negligent hostel owners with the help of police,\" said SDM Gautam Singh.According to the new guidelines issued for the hostel owners had made it mandatory for them to clarify whether the hostel was running for boys, girls or working women or men. The hostels had to provide with details of directorial board, rent rates and map of hostel were made binding on them. The district administration order stipulated the hostel proprietors to furnish the details of the hostellers, their schools, colleges or offices, permanent and local addresses besides family backgrounds.Three months back, the district administration had issued notices to all the private hostels to get them registered to evade action. Only 150 abided the orders and furnished the details pertaining to the hostels to the administration. The orders were to keep a watch on the hostels and its occupants.Last month, Singh served notices to 29 hostels in Vijay Nagar in the city for not providing information. Action was to be taken under Section 144 but it went into cold storage. But, now administration seems to be in a mood take action against the errant hostel owners with the help of police. The authorities have been sending notices repeatedly in this regard.Hostel Owners' Association president Nivaran Choudhary admitted that city has only a few hostels registered with the government. He said that there were many illegal hostels running in the city. To put a tab on the mushrooming hostels in the city, the administration brought in the mandatory clause but no strict action was taken against the errant hostel owners.Law in ActionNearly 2,000 hostels in the city limits violating set rulesAction against negligent hostel owners with the help of policeFurnishing details of hostels and its occupants mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506228", "title": "Namesake parties a ploy: Peace Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Peace Party has claimed that several organisations with similar-sounding names have come up to create confusion among the voters.Elaborating on this, party general secretary Dr M J Khan said that not only this, four of its office-bearers have been shown to be members of the one of such organizations.The Peace Party officebearers have lodged a complaint with the EC about this. Naming the four office-bearers, Khan said they included party's national vice-president R P Singh, national secretary Ghulam Rabbani, national general secretary Chaudhary Abdul Hasan and state general secretary Tahir Anjum.Peace Party of India also produced Hardoi's Gopa Mau candidate Sunita Mitra who only on Saturday evening had levelled serious allegations against party president Dr Ayub and his supporters after she was allegedly denied entry at the residence of Dr Ayub by his guards.Sunita told reporters that she had come to meet Dr Ayub after her ticket from assembly segment was cancelled following a survey conducted by the party.However, on Sunday, Dr Khan told reporters that she has again been inducted by the party and given the ticket from Gopa Mau and same would be announced soon by ticket distribution committee chairman and MLA Akhilesh Singh.On her allegation, Sunita said that it was more out of anger and continuous pressure created on her by a few members of Samajwadi Party .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504432", "title": "Sobti says no chance of him becoming UGC chief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to put to rest the controversy over appearing for an interview for the post of University Grants Commission (UGC) chairperson, Panjab University (PU) vice-chancellor R C Sobti said he had \"zero percent chances\" of getting selected as the UGC head. Sobti was among the 20 people interviewed out of 82 candidates nominated for the post of UGC chief by Union ministry of human resource and development.Responding to a mail being circulated among university teachers, kicked off by PU faculty member AD Ahluwalia, Sobti said on Sunday, there were several other more competent candidates for the coveted post and he had no chance of getting selected. Sobti, who is considered to be \"well-connected\" with the MHRD officials and the officials at Prime Minister's office, claims with conviction about denial on his name. The VC also put an end to the discussion regarding Goverdhen Mehta, chairperson, executive committee, National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), who is a member of the selection panel for UGC chief and assumes the charge of Rajiv Gandhi Chair at PU. Sobti said Mehta is associated with several other universities in the country and the VCs of some of these varsities too, have appeared for UGC chief's post. \"There are certain personal interests of people who are flaring the matter out of proportion,\" he added. The PU teacher, who has been posting links on popular social networking website facebook, was not selected for the Rajiv Gandhi Chair at PU.While a section of teachers who object to Mehta's link with PU continue to criticize Sobti's appearance in the interview for UGC chief's post, there are certain others who condemn the \"propaganda\" against the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11505551", "title": "Jaskirat's first Lohri jubilee", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Six-month-old Jaskirat Singh was the star of the day on Sunday when his first Lohri celebrations were on, with friends and relatives showering their blessings.Parents Pooja and Prabhdeep Singh had organized a kirtan and lunch party at their place in Model Town for their celebrating the occasion. There was fun and merriment in the family.Busy in making arrangements, Pooja, a lecturer in Guru Nanak Girls College said, \"We kept the function on Sunday because it's a day when everyone is free, and our relatives also are able to attend the function.\"She said they organized a kirtan for seeking God's blessings for Jaskirat. A businessman, Prabhdeep said, \"I am very happy that the Lohri function of my first baby was so good. Nothing can match the joys of fatherhood. Lohri festival is meant to come and celebrate together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11505181", "title": "Teen raped, set ablaze in Fatehpur", "text": "KANPUR: A minor girl was allegedly abducted, raped and set on fire by four youths in Shivpuri village under Khakredu police station of Fatehpur district on Sunday morning. The victim Shabana (name changed) is battling for life at Kanpur's Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital.\"On late Saturday evening, the girl had gone to purchase 'samosa' from the shop of one Suresh Bhurji, when she was allegedly abducted, raped and later set on fire by four youths identified as Nadeem, Rakesh, Naeem and Majid, all residents of the same village,\" said Allahabad Zone's inspector general BP Jogdand.The girl was forcibly taken to Nadeem's house, where she was allegedly gang-raped. \"After committing rape, they threatened her with dire consequences and asked her not to reveal anything. But when she refused, they poured kerosene oil on the girl and set her ablaze before escaping from there,\" said another police official investigating the case.The incident came to light after Suresh Bhurji, who is Nadeem's neighbour, heard loud cries and witnessed smoke and flames coming out of the latter's house and raised an alarm. The local residents and girl's family members rushed to the spot and after dousing the fire rushed her to a local hospital from where she was later shifted to Fatehpur's Sadar Hospital.When her condition started deteriorating, she was admitted to LLR hospital in Kanpur, where the doctors have stated her condition to be critical. Several police teams have been rushed to nab the four accused, Jogdand said. \"A case under Sections 376, 326, 442, 324 of IPC has been registered against the four,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504437", "title": "Man dupes senior citizen in Dadar, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old man was arrested by the Matunga police for duping a senior citizen in Dadar Parsi Colony after posing as an executive from a cellphone service provider.The accused, Ketan Seth, approached 85-year-old Jolly Dastur at her residence in Five Gardens on Friday. \"Seth told Dastur that his company had come up with a new scheme with extremely low calling rates and that she could avail the scheme if she gave him a cheque of Rs 50 only. After Dastur signed the cheque, Seth pulled it out along with a blank cheque under it. The second cheque had a faint imprint of her signature. due to the pressure applied by her while signing the Rs 50 cheque.\"Unknown to Dastur, Seth then forged Dastur's signature on the second cheque and filled in a sum of Rs 1.45 lakh, after he left her home,\" a police official said. Dastur narrated the incident to a relative, who cautioned her. Dastur alerted bank staffers at Central Bank of India , Dadar (E) where she had an account, that a man might try to encash a cheque signed by her.When Seth turned up at the bank to encash the cheque, the staff called Dastur, who contacted the police. Seth was arrested on charges of forgery and cheating.and has been remanded in police custody till January 23.Saturday, he was produced before a local court, which remanded him to police custody till January 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504389", "title": "CJ inaugurates modern ICU", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court chief justice Rekha M Doshit on Monday inaugurated an eight-bed ultra-modern Intensive Care Unit (ICU) at Mahavir Vaatsalya Aspatal run by Mahavir Mandir here on Sunday. She said hospitals managed by Mahavir Mandir Nyas Samiti were doing an excellent job in providing proper medicare to all, especially poor patients.The ICU is equipped with central monitor connected with multi-parameter invasive monitors and wireless technology with end-tidal carbon-dioxide through which the level of carbon dioxide in the air exhaled by patients will be monitored. tnn, central monitor connected with intra-aortic balloon pump, central Venus pressure monitor, latest generation paediatric/adult ventilator, multi-configuration ICU beds, arterial blood gas electrolyte analyser, portable X-ray unit, ultra-modern fully automated blood culture, identification and antibiotic susceptibility system and ultra-modern automatic labour birthing table.Director of Mahavir Vaatsalya Aspatal Dr S S Jha threw light on the facilities available at the hospital. Justice Mihir Kumar Jha, Justice (retd) Uday Pratap Sinha and secretary, Mahavir Mandir Nyas Samiti, Kishore Kunal were prominent among those present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11510273", "title": "Review: Canon PowerShot S100", "text": "NEW DELHI: The PowerShot S100 is an update to the popular S95 - while many features remain the same, the S100 addresses some issues the S95 had like slow speed (it has the new Digic 5 processor and 2.3fps shooting), limited lens (it has a 24-120 mm lens as opposed to 28-105 mm in the S95) and ergonomics (thanks to a rubber grip).It also offers RAW shooting, built in GPS, full manual exposure control, slow motion video, full HD video recording and optical zoom during video recording. While it may look like any other compact camera, what's special about the S100 (and the S95) is that it has a larger image sensor than normal - 7.5 x 5.5 mm or about twice as large as a conventional compact.Canon has kept the megapixel count at 12.1 - reducing the number of recording pixels on a sensor means that light reaches them more easily. Plus a larger sensor automatically translates into higher light sensitivity and lower image noise - and so the S100 performs much better than the 198 gram weight and 26.7mm thickness suggests.The control ring around the lens, a feature carried over from the S95, remains imminently usable. You can set it to control ISO, shutter speed, aperture, manual focus, white balance or zoom levels - quite handy because you can quickly change settings without fumbling through the menu. All other controls fall easily to hand and the 3-inch LCD on the back is bright, clear and sharp.Some other aspects of the S100 that will surprise you - a high-speed burst mode can take images at a rate of 9.6 fps (upto 8 images). A complete suite of creative filters, face detection , auto scene modes and image 'toys' (HDR mode, miniature, toy camera) are included. It can record JPEG and RAW images simultaneously - just like a DSLR.The lens ring has a contextual mode - it will automatically adjust ISO in program mode, aperture in aperture priority mode and shutter speed in shutter priority mode. Plus the motorised flash extension is very cool.Coming to the image quality, you won't be disappointed as long as you stick to an ISO setting of 400 or below. With the wide aperture lens (f2.0), it's quite easy to get rich, noise-free images in low light at ISO 400.In a pinch, you can extend the ISO up to 800 without too much noise. Video quality is excellent too. The S100 is by no means a cheap camera and this is the only really weak point. At 26,995, it's more expensive than many DSLRs like the Canon 1100D and Nikon D3000 (which are roughly 25,000 including an 18-55 mm lens).You could also pay as less as 16,990 and still get a compact camera with CMOS sensor, manual exposure control, full HD video and longer zoom lens ( Sony CyberShot HX9V). But the PowerShot S100 still stands a class apart. It's the camera that a professional photographer would use on his/her day off. The compact size, fantastic results in low light and the high quality HD video are reason enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "11505657", "title": "Nawada mechanic dies in police custody", "text": "NAWADA: Nawada police finds itself in the dock over the alleged custodial death of Manoj Yadav, a hand pump mechanic, who was under detention at Nawada Town PS since Wednesday for allegedly possessing a stolen cellphone. His body was found on Sunday morning in a field parallel to the Nawada-Kiul railway track.The parents of the deceased have charged the Nawada police with killing Manoj by giving electrical shock in his mouth. Some unidentified person among the mob fired couple of rounds at the DM's residence besides throwing stones leading to lathicharge by the police force deployed near the DM and SP's official residences. The district administration has clamped Section 144 of the CrPC in the entire town.Chandan Kumar, a probationary sub-inspector (PSI), was severely thrashed, his motorcycle set ablaze besides his service pistol snatched by a mob when he went to take possession of the body which still remains in the possession of the deceased's family members. The pistol was later returned to the SP. A large mob comprising women and others blocked the Nawada-Biharsharif main road near civil court and damaged half-a-dozen vehicles in stone-throwing besides thrashing a forest department personnel, mistaking him to be a local policeman.Magadh Range DIG Naiyyar Hasnain Khan said the allegation against the police was very serious and that he had directed the Nawada SP to take every possible step as transparently as possible as per the guidelines of National Human Rights Commission relating to custodial deaths. A medical board would be constituted and the postmortem examination videographed, added the DIG. He telephonically informed on Sunday that he had requested Nawada DM Diwesh Sehra, to conduct the autopsy in the presence of a judicial magistrate.The DM had requested the district judge to provide a judicial magistrate so that the postmortem could be conducted under his supervision. However, the district judge turned down the DM's request.According to sources, the police came to know that Manoj was in the possession of the cellphone of Sanjay Burnwal, a jeweller, who was killed in broad daylight adjacent to the DM's residence on September 30, 2011. The incident resulted in largescale arson culminating in the transfer of the then Nawada DM, SP, Civil SDO besides the SDPOs of Nawada and Rajauli. The police had detained Manoj for 16 days but released him later. The police took Manoj under detention again on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505235", "title": "Thousands take holy dip in Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: The festival of Makar Sankranti was celebrated with traditional fervour and gaiety in the city on Sunday. On the auspicious day, thousands of devotees took a dip in the Gomti river. It is believed that the Earth comes a little closer to the Sun on this day.Amid ritualistic festivities, there were celebrations on Gomti ghats and at homes. Sankranti also marks the onset of harvest season and is a big festival for farmers. At homes, children seek blessings of their elders. According to a legend, the festival symbolises the beautiful relationship between father and son. A devotee said, \"It is believed that on this day, the Sun god visits his son Shani. Usually, there is not a very good relationship between the father-son duo, but despite of the differences, Sun meets his son Shani and stays for a month. In return, the son honours his father.''People cook khichidi on this day and also give alms to the deprived. The sunrise on Makar Sankranti is believed to end negativities and initiate a beginning of an era of truth. The celebrations at Ayyappa Temple in Gomtinagar began with 'Nirmalya Darshan' as per the vedic rituals. It was followed by a prayers throughout the day, including Shri Ganesh Havan, Usha Puja, Vilakku Puja, Ucha Puja, Mahadeeparadhana and Ratri Puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503380", "title": "Zameer throws a fit over 'slight to Sharief'", "text": "BANGALORE: JD(S) legislator from Chamarajpet and former CM HD Kumaraswamy's close aide, BZ Zameer Ahmed Khan, went on the rampage at a public function on Sunday: Khan smashed a glass table, threw bottles, flung garlands and hurled abuses, apparently at the Haj authorities' failure to give \"due respect\" to veteran Congress leader CK Jaffer Sharief.The incident happened at the ground-breaking ceremony for Haj Ghar in full media glare and even as dignitaries, including chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, were present on the dais.Khan, who is also member of the Karnataka Haj Committee, lost his cool during the welcome address of bureaucrat Syed Zameer Pasha, secretary, minorities welfare, social welfare department. Kahn was upset that Pasha didn't refer to Sharief's name after that of the CM, home minister R Ashoka and local MP DB Chandre Gowda in his welcome address.After creating the ruckus, Khan said he and his volunteers were walking out of the function even as Ashoka ran to pacify him. Police, too, intervened to pacify him.Upset and hurt, the CM said: \"I feel sorry. Khan was in my house this morning for talks, but I did not expect him to lose his temper like this. I am the chief minister of Karnataka's 6.5 crore people and also a humble man. Anyone from the Muslim community can come and meet me anytime. But such an angry outburst is undesirable and I will not allow it.\"An embarrassed Sharief said later in his address that such incidents shouldn't happen on a religious occasion. \"I understand there is some protocol and the secretary was just doing his duty. I know Khan has respect for me, but there is also a protocol that the occasion demanded,\" he added.Pasha said Sharief is a leader of the Muslim community and he was only following protocol while reading out the names.The CM promised that Haj Ghar in Bangalore will be among the best in the country. The government has already released Rs 15 crore for the Rs 40-crore building. \"I am ready to look into problems of the minorities. Even if an additional Rs 10 crore has to be given to this project, I am ready for that,\" he announced. \"This is a very holy occasion. My religion has taught me to respect other religions too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "11506188", "title": "Family power unleashed on Saifai voters", "text": "ETAWAH: The elections have brought the third generation of Mulayam Singh Yadav's clan into the campaign trail in his home turf.Meet the family brigade: Tej Pratap, Mulayam's grandson, Aditya, son of Shivpal Singh Yadav, Anshul, son of Mulayam's younger sibling Raj Pal Singh Yadav and Akshaya, son of SP spokesman Ram Gopal Yadav . Aditya is a BTech, Tej has an overseas MBA. Anshul is also an MBA and Akshaya runs a seed business. Mulayam, Shivpal and Akhilesh are campaigning across the state and the youngsters are scouring their home turf pushing the SP agenda in four Assembly seats, of which Bharthana, Etawah and Lakhna are with BSP. Jaswantnagar is with SP.After delimitation, Etawah's profile has changed. Lakhan has been merged with Bharthana. Now there are only three seats, including Jaswantnagar, with SP since 1996.Aditya began campaigning for father Shivpal at Jaswantnagar on Thursday. He tells people SP should be voted back for the development and welfare schemes his uncle Mulayam launched. He has been going house to house touching the elders' feet.Anshul camps at Jaswantnagar's Basrehar block. At Saifai, voters complain about poor development and worsening law and order during Mayawati's tenure. A dalit tells him how a local goon tortured him. \"Don't worry, all your problems will be sorted out. Let SP return to power,\" he assures.Tej Pratap, son of Mulayam's nephew, late Ranveer Singh, talks of his family's legacy. Tej, at 22 is the youngest family campaigner.Akshaya, Ram Gopal Yadav's son, got an ecstatic reception as he began campaigning at Bharthana where Sukhdevi Verma is contesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503191", "title": "Run for a dream", "text": "It was a carnival of corporates and causes as around 20,500 Mumbaikars, including 6,770 women, put their most enthusiastic foot forward for the six kilometre Dream Run on Sunday morning. The event, which saw the largest turnout, was flagged off at 9 am from Azad Maidan, to loud cheers and drum beats.Pumping up the mood was a group of 20 artistes performing the traditional Lavani dance, which gradually gave way to thumping English music and drum beats. As some participants ran and others dawdled along the route, stilt artistes and balloon-bearing mascots further added to the celebratory mood.Unlike previous years, the celebrity quotient was low this year, but Rahul Bose and Tara Sharma were among the earliest to reach the finish line. A group of mothers sporting pink and black tees and butterfly wings joined the run for an NGO, Angel Links which works for children suffering from cancer. \"We form a common platform for mothers to network and share our experiences,\" said Shikha Banga of the organisation.Among popular causes seeking support were the girl child, environment, education and organ donation. Corporates ran to raise funds for NGOs working for cancer patients, autism, epilepsy, etc. Employees of Tata Consultancy Services and their families participated in large numbers to raise funds for the Society for Rehabilitation of Crippled Children, while Mahindra group employees ran for the KC Mahindra Education Trust.Students of Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies ran for the cause of education.Shrimad Rajchandra Sarvamangal Trust had supporters running for several causes that included education, tribal care, women care. The trust also claimed to have the youngest dream teamers.Single-handedly yet effectively rooting for the girl child was BMC employee Nitin Dhumal from Kurla whose painted face and banner drew much attention. \"Female infanticide is a growing concern and I thought it was important to raise awareness,\" said Dhumal, participating for five years now. With tees reading \"Girls are cool\", and \"Don't Play God\", another pro-girl child group was four foreigners representing voluntary organisation Population First.A group of 45 students from the Rotaract Club of HR College ran to create awareness on the disasters of drunk driving. Collegian Nirav Thakkar said, \"We have been observing road safety week with skits and events to create awareness about the hazards of drunk driving.\"The finish line saw a trickle of runners within the first half hour. Waiting for his wife to reach the finish line, Malad resident Captain N K Bhatia, who clocked 45 minutes, summed up the mood with: \"It was a fun experience\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505382", "title": "SC drunk driving rap may sober up many", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many lives have been lost on the roads and pavements because of avoidable motor vehicle accidents, which had more to do with the driver's senses being blurred by the stupefying effect of alcohol than any voluntary negligent act on his part.Irrespective of the number of lives lost, the drivers mostly got convicted for rash and negligent driving under Section 304A of the Indian Penal Code. In many cases, the affluent among rogue drivers quickly doled out huge amounts to the kin of victims and attempted to arouse sympathy of the courts, aiming to secure a jail term lesser than the maximum two years provided for under section 304A. And if they failed, they would cite the young age of the driver and seek his release under the Probation of Offenders Act, 1958.The high courts have been exceptionally lenient towards those causing death on the roads because of rash and negligent driving. The Bombay HC in Alister Anthony Pareira case was an exception. It followed the sentiments expressed by the SC in the 1960s when vehicular population was negligible and drunken driving was rare.In an April 20, 1965 incident in Delhi, an auto-rickshaw driver veered suddenly to the right, disregarding the traffic light, resulting in the death of a child and injuries to a couple travelling in it. The SC, in its 1973 judgment (Jagdish Chander vs State of Delhi), reflected the lenient approach by reducing the sentence to that already undergone by the driver.The vehicular population has increased, so have incidents of rash and negligent driving. There is also a sharp rise in tendency to drink and drive. Should Section 304A apply to those who, in a drunken state, take to the wheels thinking that in the dead of the night, there would be no traffic on the roads? Do they not know that in India, many poor sleep on pavements and they could be killed? The judicial mindset changed in 2007 and is reflected in the SC's judgment in Manjappa vs State of Karnataka. It said no person should be released under the Probation of Offenders Act if the offence was of grave nature.But the signs of mismatch between rash and negligent driving involving deaths and the lenient sentence under Section 304A had been bothering the SC for some time. Less than a week before the January 12 Alister Pareira judgment, the SC in State of Punjab vs Balwinder Singh had said passage of time did not in any way reduce the gravity of the offence caused by rash and negligent driving.Frowning at the HC's decision to reduce the two-year sentence imposed by the trial court to the period already undergone, the SC had said, \"While considering the quantum of sentence to be imposed for the offence of causing death or injury by rash and negligent driving of automobiles, one of the prime considerations should be deterrence.\" In the Pareira case, an SC bench made a detailed examination of punishment for rash and negligent driving, especially by those under influence of alcohol, and opined that the time was ripe for legislators to revisit the penal character of Section 304A.Importantly, it attributed knowledge of possible death of innocent persons if someone under the influence of alcohol drove recklessly and ruled that such offences could well be categorized under Section 304-II, which attracts up to 10 years imprisonment as against two years under Section 304A.We hope the Pareira judgment will sober up even those not under the influence of alcohol, but those swayed by rush of adrenaline to zip on crowded roads, attempting to dangerously weave through moving traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505432", "title": "Cops await Delhi team to identify Bunty Chor", "text": "BHOPAL: The man arrested on suspicion of being notorious thief Devinder Singh alias \"Bunty Chor\" is giving a tough time to Bhopal police, who took him on a remand of two days on Sunday. The accused refused to take food and had only milk and apple.The police failed to extract any information from him also. \"He is misleading the police by behaving like a disturbed person, an official said, reiterating that the arrested person is definitely Bunty Chor and the same would officially get confirmed once the Delhi police team reaches here\".A police team from the national capital is expected to reach late by Sunday evening. Meanwhile, the police have also taken the finger prints of the arrested person and mailed it to their counterparts in DelhiThe police said in court that the he is not revealing his identity and they doubt he is the notorious Bunty Chor who had evaded arrest in Palwal in Haryana recently. \"During interrogation, he reportedly called himself \"Jesus\" and later termed himself \"Krishna\", claiming that he is an incarnation of God,\" the police said.The infamous thief committed more than 500 burglaries in many states and managed to give the police slip in the past. He had even participated famous reality show The Big Boss Season 4 but was kicked out for misbehaving and breaking the rules.Presently, he is wanted in connection with some incidents reported in Delhi a few days back. Bhopal police is waiting to hand him over to the Delhi police since there is no immediate record suggesting his involvement in any crime here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "57 challaned in one night", "code": "11504660", "title": "Police have challaned 57 vehicles", "text": "57 challaned in one night: Police have challaned 57 vehicles, including 48 for drunken driving and 9 for miscellaneous traffic violations, on Saturday night. A total seven vehicles were also seized on the same night.Meanwhile, five youths were arrested for quarreling in the parking lot of Tau Disco in Sector 26 on the same night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "sham nagar", "code": "11505488", "title": "Vipan nurses 40 birds to health", "text": "SHAM NAGAR: Most people might look forward to flying kites on Lohri but Vipan Bhatia, 42, dreads it because of the number of birds that get wounded by the sharp kite strings.Caring for 40 birds that got injured this time, Vipan said Chinese strings being used by kite fliers these days has made things worse.Vipan, a businessman staying in Sham Nagar, said he has been caring for wounded birds for almost 20 years. \"It is the same story every year as birds get caught between fighting kites. This Lohri an average of 500 birds would have been injured across the city. As it is local kite strings were quite bad but the Chinese strings are even worse,'' he said.Ahead of the festival, Vipan had handed over a memorandum to commissioner of police Ishwar Chander to ban the use of Chinese strings.\"But appropriate action was not taken. I also tried convincing my neighbours to avoid using sharp strings for the sake of birds,'' he added.The birds that Vipan has been treating include several pigeons, two eagles, a crow, parrot and hawk. The businessman said four birds died in his care because of excessive bleeding.\"After giving first aid to the birds I consulted a veterinary doctor and also informed the forest department. Most of the birds have healed and hopefully, they will be able to fly again in some days,'' he said.But it is not just around kite flying season that Vipan gets into action. His concern for birds is well known in the neighbourhood and whenever anyone finds a wounded bird they bring it to him. In 2011, someone had informed him about a sick peacock which the businessman took home and has nursed to health.\"Before treating the birds, I always seek permission from the forest department. My aim is to see the birds or animals healthy and capable of living independently again,'' he said, adding that his children Akshay and Akshita and some friends help him in his endeavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506235", "title": "MP craftsmen\u2019s products delight locals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Some craftsmen from Madhya Pradesh are exhibiting their products at city's Lalit Kala Academy. The Bagh printing, Chanderi and metal works are on a display in the exhibition titled Mrignayani, which will continue till January 22. The exhibition is being organised by Mrignayani, Handloom and Handicraft Development Corporation, MP government.\"Our purpose is to spread awareness about the traditional crafts. These craftsmen put in all their efforts to produce the best stuff. Their work has got appreciation from people like Indira Gandhi , Kareena Kapoor and others,'' said M L Sharma, manager, Mrignayani, Handloom and Handicraft Development Corporation, MP government.Inside the hall, there are rows of intricately weaved saris, suits, scarves, bedsheets bearing Bagh prints. The hand printing, generally with vegetable dyes, was used by the tribals nearly 1,000 years ago. Explaining the process, craftsman Mohd Idrees said, \"The cloth (cotton or cotton silk ) is first washed in running water and left to dry in the sun. After drying, it is dipped in a solution of castor oil, centura and goat droppings. These substances react with each other to generate heat, which makes the fibre absorbent. The cloth is dipped repeatedly in this solution, and is trampled by foot to produce froth. It is then left to dry on the ground. The logic is that the heat from the ground helps the cloth dry quickly.''The raw material processing is carried out in tubs whose inner part is made up of copper. This process helps reduce the levels of substances like kerosene and fibine. After the cloth dries, it is left in a solution of tarohar' and `harada' powder and left to dry in the sun.\"It is necessary not to dry in shade because the background colour of the cloth becomes green rather than the desired yellowish. After this, the cloth is ready for printing,'' explained Idrees. Intricate designs are then made by putting the blocks alternatively in the tray containing the dye paste and on the cloth. After the designs are complete, it is left for drying. Once the cloth dries, dyeing begins.Then there are soft, delicate weaves that come off the loom in Chanderi. Available in subtle shades, saris, suits and other dress materials attract million hearts. Detailing about them, Sharma said, \"It is one that Kareena Kapoor wore in Bollywood film `Three Idiots'. It has since been named as 'Kareena pattern'.''Conceived in Dhaka and brought to India during the reign of Allaudin Khilji, Chanderi has received appreciation from even royals. \"It is known for its `nazakat' and `nafaasat','' said Prithviraj for whom hand-woven Chanderi weaving is a family legacy.On the display is a real zari sari priced at Rs 49,000. With cream cloth, there are nearly 4,000 golden `butis'. Prithviraj said that it takes nearly 37 days to complete one such sari. Other than that, there are saris with khajura border, dhula border, jugnu buta, jaal pallu, 12-inch border and others.In Chanderi, these craftsmen hold a recent recognition. \"The cloth strip that was given to the Commonwealth winners was made up of Chanderi. As it is a distinctive art of the country, the government gave us the opportunity to gift it to the gold cup holders,'' said Sharma.Other unique items exhibited by the craftsmen were metal articles. Made up of panch dhatu (five metals), there was a conch which showed 10 avatars of Lord Vishnu. Another rare item was a 12-armed Lord Ganesha. \"Craftsmen learn about these arts since their birth as it is a family business for them,'' said Sharma.Rahul Kumar Soni, an artist said, \"It feels great when people stop and ask you about the product. We do not want this exclusivity to die; hence, we are here to spread a word about it. We go to different cities so that people learn about the age-old tradition.'' \"Shopping for handicrafts is no doubt a classic experience. These artists have regained the lingering ambience of a bygone age which is a treat to the eyes,'' said Anita Saxena, a visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503383", "title": "CM prefers to fly low over copter's call sign", "text": "Bureaucrats, particularly with the general administration department (GAD) headed by low-profile chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, were shocked when he rejected their proposal over the registration of a swanky helicopter procured by the state government for the transportation of VIPs.Over a year ago, GAD had placed an order with the United States-based Sikorsky for delivery of the helicopter for Rs 55 crore. As per the agreement between Sikorsky and the state government, GAD took possession of the 12-seater a month ago. According to the norms prescribed by the ministry of civil aviation and director-general civil aviation (DGCA), the helicopter has to be registered. While VT-Victorian Territory--is a call sign, it has to be affixed by three letters recommended by the buyer for registration.GAD moved a proposal before the CM for it registration and proposed VT-PDC. Chavan did not understand what PDC stood for until the babus told him that it was 'Prithviraj Dajisaheb Chavan'. A visibly disturbed chief minister took the babus to task for this uncalled for glorification.The procurement of a helicopter is routine, he felt, and no credit should be given to him. He immediately told the bureaucrats to replace PDC with CMM-chief minister of Maharashtra. Of course, this is not the first time Chavan has taken strong objection to the use of his name. Ever since he took over in November 2010, he has made it clear that his name, particularly on plaques and foundation stones, should be used rarely, and with his permission.Probe report before retirementFor veteran bureaucrat Umesh Chandra Sarangi, the moot question is whether the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) will complete its probe into the multi-crore bomb disposal suit scam before his retirement next month. A month after he took over as home secretary in December 2010, it was brought to notice of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer of the 1977 batch, that an Indian Police Service (IPS) officer had released Rs 9 crore to a Mumbai-based businessman on March 29, 2009, for the supply of 84 bomb disposal suits. Sarangi found that while the payment was made in one stroke in blatant violation of finance department norms, the trader never supplied the goods.The home department did not receive the suits even at the end of December 2011. Known as one of the most efficient and honest bureaucrats, Sarangi wrote to the then director-general of police (DGP) Ajit Parasnis, but when there was no response, he knocked at the doors of K Subramanian, then director, ACB, and now DGP, for a high-level probe, in the first week of January 2011.Since the probe was based on documents already in the ACB's possession and recording of statements of the trader and only an IPS officer, it was assumed that the bureau would submit its report within three to six months. But the ACB has not yet responded to Sarangi's call for a time-bound report. Sarangi hopes that the ACB will oblige him at least before his retirement.Freshers too want plum postingsEmbattled home minister R R Patil was stunned when even freshers out from the state police academy approached him for plum assignments. Senior IPS officials have been approaching Patil though leading Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) politicians and scribes for key assignments.Many were keen on postings in the metropolis, and if they if they did not get what they wanted, they used to proceed on leave and waited till they secured a posting of their choice. A week ago, 26-odd directly appointed assistant commissioners or deputy superintendents called on Patil. Since they had completed training from the Nashik police academy, Patil's office felt it was a courtesy call, but they were shocked as barring four to five, everyone had come with parents, relatives or politicians, for plum assignments.Most were keen on assignments in Mumbai, Pune and Nashik. Even those from Marathwada or Vidarbha, particularly Naxal-infested Chandrapur-Gadchiroli districts, were insisting on jobs in the metropolis. Patil must instill discipline among fresh recruits and ensures all are posted in Gadchiroli, or those without godfathers will be forced to serve in Naxal-infested areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504657", "title": "Two injured in stove blast", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman and her son sustained burn injuries after a cooking stove exploded at their Kandivali East residence on Saturday morning.The victim, Geetadevi Jaiswal (45), is a housewife. She was cooking at her residence in Navjivan Society at Singh Estate while her son, Chandan, was cleaning the house around 11.30 am. Chandan (24) is a student.\"Chandan was moving a can of kerosene, while cleaning the kitchen, when he dropped it. The kerosene spilled all over the kitchen. As the stove was on, it resulted in an explosion,\" a police official said. Geetadevi and Chandan were rushed to the Bhagwati hospital by their neighbours.\"Chandan has sustained minor injuries on his hand while Geetadevi has suffered 40% burns. Her condition is now stable,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505660", "title": "Dowry death: Kin say accused booked under lenient sections", "text": "JAIPUR: The family members of a 26-yearold woman, who was allegedly beaten up and poisoned to death by her in-laws for dowry in Karauli district, say that the police was booking the accused under lenient sections of the law. The girl, Sadhna alias Komal, was found dead in Gangapur town under Sapotara police station area on December 1 within six months of her marriage.The family members then lodged an FIR against seven in-laws alleging dowry death.\"First, police considered only three of the accused persons and has now arrested one of them, that too under lenient sections of the IPC. The husband, who has been arrested, was not booked for dowry death, but under sections for abetment of suicide,\" said Gopal Agrawal, the woman's father.Accusing police of negligence and bias, Gopal Agrawal claimed that though postmortem report suggested severe injuries on his daughter's body, the police are not acting promptly. The family has met every police officer - from SHO to inspector general of the range, but they are still awaiting justice.Agrawal, a resident of Gangapur City in Sawai Madhopur district, said his daughter Sadhna alias Komal was married to one Pawan Garg, an employee at a dental college in Jaipur on June 14, 2011. Sadhna had completed MA and BEd before marriage.The father claimed that as per demand of the in-laws, he gave Rs 5 lakh in cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees as dowry. \"But from day one, they started demanding Rs 3 lakh cash more and a motorcycle,\" said Agrawal.During a visit to her family after marriage, Sadhna told her father that her inlaws were harassing her for dowry, the girl's brother Amit Agrawal, a software engineer in Noida said. He added that his father immediately called up the in-laws and expressed his inability to pay the dowry and requested them to stop the torture.\"However, in the last week of November, my daughter called me several times saying the in-laws were beating her up,\" said Gopal Agrawal. He added that on December 1, someone called him and informed him about Sadhna's death. The caller said she was poisoned. \"When we tried to contact the in-laws, their mobiles were switched off. We came to know that her body was in Gangapur Hospital,\" said Amit. The family members then lodged an FIR against seven in-laws with Sapotara police station alleging dowry death.Karauli SP Om Prakash told TOI: \"Two DySP rank officers have investigated the case. Both have found the husband accused. So he has been arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11504611", "title": "3 arrested for possessing illegal weapon", "text": "WARDHA: Seloo police arrested three people - Gurusingh Babadi (40), Veer Singh Babadi (35) and Raja Roop Singh Khichchi (20) - for possessing an illegal gun and some explosives at Vikas Square on Saturday evening. Two of accused hail from Samat Nagar while another belongs to Keljhar.In another incident, three people from Meerut, Uttar Pradesh , were arrested by Wardha Police for possessing duplicate pendrives and memory cards of a reputed company. Mohhamad Jali Malik (24), Mohd Asif (23) and Salman Malik (25) were arrested from Tanushree Lodge. The trio had already sold duplicate pendrives worth Rs4,000 to different shop owners in Wardha. Businessman Premchand Mohanani informed the police. tnnabout their fraud. The accused have been sent to police custody till January 16.In another unrelated incident, two unknown bikers snatched a gold chain from Anita Khatri (30) in Kelkarwadi area on Saturday. Anita was returning from Santoshi Mata Temple when the youths came from behind and snatched her chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11505795", "title": "OBC body threatens stir as govt dithers over 27% quota for class I and II officers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than two decades after the implementation of the Mandal Commission Report, the Haryana government continues to stick to 10% reservation in jobs for class I and class II employees under the other backward classes (OBCs) quota according to records of the Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC).With the Pichrha Varg Ekta Manch, a platform that represents 74 castes notified under the OBC category threatening to launch a stir to press for 27% reservation for class I and II officers, the Hooda government is likely to have tough times ahead, as the stir is coming at a time when the government is yet to get a respite from agitation by Jat bodies who too are demanding job reservation under the OBC quota.Inquiries revealed that 27% reservation was implemented in November 1992 by the Haryana government in the recruitment of class III and class IV employees but not for class I and II staff.A file concerning 27% quota has been gathering dust in the office of social empowerment as well as with CMO since 1992. Even after 20 years and the state seeing four different chief ministers i.e Bhajan Lal (1991-1995), Bansi Lal (1996-1999), Om Parkash Chautala (1999 to 2005) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda (2005 onwards), the issue related to 27% reservation for class I and II employees continues to hang fire in Haryana.\"We are a recruiting agency. It's they (the government) that make the rules according to their guidelines. It's not a commission issue, but the matter relates to the government of Haryana,'' Lt Gen (retd) D P Vats, chairman, HPSC, on the matter regarding reservation. Otherwise if an OBC candidate gets more marks than the limit set for them,\"We try to take that OBC candidate under the general category. It all depends on merit,\" the HPSC chairman added.Though, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda could not be contacted despite repeated calls made to him, officials associated with policy matters made it clear that the state government has its own system when it comes to reservation.\"So far as reservation for OBCs is concerned, the state government exercises its own discretion but it is bound to obey the court directions of not crossing 50% mark when it comes to job reservation. Rest, it is the chief minister who has to take a call on the matter. The issue would be looked into,'' a senior officer associated with the chief minister's office (CMO) said.When contacted, Anil Saini, state president of Pichra Varg Ekta Manch termed having just 10% reservation for class I and II employees as a move targeted to suppress the backward classes . \"All this is due to lack of political will in Haryana. I don't blame anybody, as all the chief ministers have prevaricated on the issue. Now, we shall take this fight to its logical conclusion,\" Saini said.\"OBCs make for 42% of the total population of Haryana. Don't you think they are entitled to become class I and Class II officers,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504722", "title": "'Nashik district's industrial &amp; export growth will definitely get better'", "text": "NASHIK: What is the current export scenario in Nashik district?Exports from the district have seen a steep rise in the last few years. Around 15,000 containers carrying grapes, onions, pomegranates, fresh vegetables, flowers, engineering, auto and other industrial items are dispatched every year from Nashik district. Wine is also being exported from here to some extent. Besides, there are large numbers of merchants who export industrial goods on a large scale to African countries.Even though Nashik and Pune are equidistant from Mumbai, the export growth in the former is much lower as compared with the latter. What could be the reasons?Pune is well-developed educationally and industrially, resulting in export growth. Secondly, it has excellent road, rail and air connectivity. Besides, proximity to Bangalore and Hyderabad is another added advantage. Hence, Pune has achieved a lot of success in the software sector.Earlier, licenses were required to set up manufacturing facilities. Hence, businesses came up in the areas chosen by the government. As a result, only some cities have seen industrial development. Do you think preference was always given to Pune because of political connections?Nashik, too, will catch up soon as the situation has completely changed now and Nashik's infrastructure is very good. It's industrial and export future is very bright if we consider advantages like proximity to Mumbai, good climate and the availability of adequate water and electricity.What are the problems exporters are facing in the region?Transportation of containers is a major problem. There are several hurdles while transporting containers to Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust in Mumbai. The containers get caught up in traffic, particularly near Kalamboli. Moreover, the services of the Container Corporation of India (Concor) are not so good for Nashik. Containers are sent either to Manmad or Nashik Road railway stations. Hence, it's better to send containers directly to Mumbai.Commencement of Air cargo services from Ozar had been recently launched by Halcon - a joint venture of Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) and Container Corporation of India (Concor), but it does not have any takers. What are the reasons?There is cut-throat competition in the export business. Goods that are highly perishable or urgent consignments are sent by air cargo, but goods that are not perishable or not urgent are sent by sea. Besides, charges for transportation by sea are 75% less than that by air.What is NDIEA doing to promote exports from Nashik?We have been organizing various programmes that are necessary for the promotion of exports. Last year, we had organized five workshops in Nashik in association with the Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO). We had also conducted some programmes with the director general of foreign trade (DGFT). Many problems of exporters have been resolved following such programmes.What is the scenario of export oriented units (EOUs) in Nashik?There are very few EOUs in Nashik. There are six of them, which are all registered with the government. Such units are given special facilities by the government. There are also around 350 small software and BPO units in the city that export software to the USA and UK. But, these units are not availing of government benefits like EOUs. These units are very small and most of them are run at homes and flats. They do not need government registration. These units are operational in various categories including engineering drawing, language translation, website maintenance, accounts and data feeding.What export growth do you see in Nashik in the next few years?I already said that proximity to Mumbai and Pune, good climate and availability of adequate water and electricity are the advantages that the district has. Nashik's industrial and export growth have increased a lot in the last three-four years and will definitely be better in the next few years. Besides, Nashik is also emerging as the wine capital of India. Of the country's total 92 wineries, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik. An international level expo on wine, 'Vinitaly 2011', was recently held in Italy. The chief guest of the expo had said during the inauguration, \"Today's wine market in Europe is saturated, the present market is USA and the future wine markets are India and China.\"What are you planning in the current year?We are shortly organizing a seminar on opportunities in agro export from Nashik district, another seminar on opportunities in the IT (Information &amp; Technology) industries and a series of meetings on IT. We have decided to focus on agro and IT exports and are planning to conduct regular meetings and seminars on IT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11504478", "title": "Eight arrested in Goregaon firing case", "text": "GONDIA: Goregaon police arrested eight persons in an attempt to murder case of former sarpanch of Pindkepar village Rajendra Singh Rathod. On January 2, Rathod was fired at by a contract killer in Goregaon. Although Rathod escaped narrowly, his son-in-law Nandkishore Somwanshi of Navegaonbandh got injured in the firing. A bullet got stuck in his ribs.On Saturday, police arrested two more people - sarpanch of Pindkepar village Madhukar Patle and contract killer Durgesh Meshram alias Munna taking the number of arrests to eight. Police also seized the katta from Pangoli river, which was used in the crime. The other six accused - engineer Gauri Shankar Baghele, Devdas Pandhare, Krishnakumar Bisen, Dinesh Patle, Pancham Yerne alias Arun and Santosh Patle - played a part in the crime.During interrogation, main accused Meshram confessed to police that he had brought the weapon from Madhya Pradesh to shoot Rathod and after committing the crime he threw the katta into Pangoli river. Police recovered the katta and two bullets from Pangoli on Friday.The police custody remand of the eight accused has been increased to January 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11512955", "title": "Age row: VK Singh, Army chief, takes government to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented move, India's Army chief General V K Singh has filed a writ petition in a court against the government after it failed to handle the age controversy successfully. The General may move to Supreme Court, reports said.Later speaking on the controversy over his age, Singh tolds to Times Now: \"The issue is that of integrity and honour.\" The General said the matter has always been tackled by him in the \"organisational interest\".He, however, remained evasive on whether he would accept the government's decision according to which he will have to retire by May this year.\"The issue (of age) has always been, I am emphasising it, the issue has always been that of integrity and honour,\" he said.The Army chief has been contending that May 10,1951 should be treated as his actual date of birth as it was mentioned in his 10th certificate but the Defence Ministry has rejected it as May 10, 1950 is the date entered in his UPSC entrance form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503302", "title": "Will powers wheels", "text": "When they lined up at the start of the wheelchair event, the marathon's disabled participants were an enthusiastic lot. But with no guidance en-route, and worse, no one initially to receive participants at the finish, the race ended in something of a chaos. However, it failed to dampen the enthusiasm of the marathoners.Within 20 minutes flat of starting the race, Prakash Nadar was seen steering the wheels of his chair fiercely to reach the finish line near Metro cinema, resolute on finishing the race first despite his heavy weight.Paralysed since childhood, Nadar, founder of the Paralympic Association of Mumbai, said, \"The city still lacks sensitivity towards the disabled. There are no ramps or separate toilets for the handicapped in the public toilets. We have problems in local trains as well, since their distance with the platforms is too great. The same is the case with BEST buses.\" However, Nadar, who wanted to create awareness and sensitivity for the disabled by participating in the marathon, was in for quite a shock when he managed to reach the finish point first but found no one there to receive participants of the wheelchair event. The area was instead overrun by Dream Run participants who were on their way to Azad Maidan.Guiding many disabled participants, education head of Abled Disabled All People Together (ADAPT), Sangita Jagtiani, said, \"We want them also to be included in society without any segregation.\" Bandra resident Mubina Sheikh (24), wheelchair-bound since childhood because of a neurological problem, has been participating for five years. On Sunday, Mubina was not only cheering her team-mate who pushed her chair forward, but other participants too. \"I participate every year. It is like a day out for all of us,\" she said. But with no one to guide them, more than 20 participants from ADAPT lost their way and had to return along the same route.Yet, none gave up hope. Way off the finishing point was a somewhat lost but not disheartened Hardik Dholabhi (27). A member of the Neena Foundation, Hardik suffered a spinal cord injury in a paragliding accident at the age of nine. \"I got a bit late in coming for the race but I will cover up. This is my third marathon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504519", "title": "No clear or easy way for sickle cell patients", "text": "NAGPUR: A ten-point plan that the Maharashtra Lokayukta directed the state's public health department to execute in three months' time in April 2010, still awaits execution. On Friday, the officials from the department were summoned by the State Information Commissioner to know about the progress of the plan. All the pointers within the plan were being worked upon, ensured the officials. Some, however, are still wary about them leading to anything concrete.Chief among the directions of the Lokayukta, was the implementation of the sickle cell control programme in all 19 affected districts of the state that included setting up a sickle cell research institute and a sickle cell control organization at state level, along with surveys to determine the population group most affected by the disease. The data obtained through the survey was supposed to be used for the research. However, preliminary study of the population has been going on since the last ten years without any conclusive reports surfacing.After the stipulated period given to the public health department for execution of the plan was over, they asked for an extension of three months, another extension for one month and finally another one for two months. Despite being provided with double the original time limit, the execution is still only on paper.The Sickle Cell Society of India (SCSI) filed a complaint against the authorities doing precious little and providing no information regarding the amenities provided to those suffering from the genetic disorder. Subsequently, the Lokayukta asked the state officials to get at least few things done within three months. \"The officials have informed us that a research centre is planned at Dhule and the Government Medical College, Nanded would be attached to it. They are seeking a fund of Rs 53.53 from the central government for establishing it,\" said Sampat Ramteke, president of SCSI. The society has been fighting for the cause of sickle cell affected people for more than two decades.However, he had reservations of a big amount being directed towards sickle cell research. \"One of the provisions of the plan was providing a concession in ST bus fares to those suffering from the disease. For this, a provision of Rs 1 crore was required. The state asked the Centre for making the budgetary allocation. The amount is yet to be cleared by the concerned departments as per the information we got through RTI. It is sad to see such indifferent attitude about such a serious disease,\" said Ramteke.\"Unfortunately, in India even health priorities are decided on the basis of vote bank politics by policy makers. So, a disease that affects poor people would definitely have no takers,\" rued paediatrician Dr Uday Bodhankar, general secretary of the Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability, who also deals with a lot of children suffering from the disease. However, he is all praises for politicians like Hansraj Ahir, who have taken the problem seriously. In the absence of any statisticsbecause of the non-conclusive decade-long surveys, the other instructions of the Lokayukta like conducting research and maintaining database of all patients cannot be fulfilled.The authorities have not even started with the task that would probably require the least investment - that of creating public awareness about the disease. None of the centres in the medical colleges of the state provide counseling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504121", "title": "No notification yet on engineering examination", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as a decision taken in Mumbai University's academic council scrapped the policy that made it mandatory for all engineering students to clear their BE course in eight years, the university is yet to pass a notification to that effect. Several students who missed their exams in November-December last year after the sudden announcement of the policy are still awaiting the fresh dates of the exam.The university had amended the policy in September 2002 making it mandatory for all engineering students to clear their four-year course in eight years. The circular was resent to colleges recently before the November exams. Several students who were also given hall tickets were not allowed to write the exam following the order. After students protested, the university in a decision taken last month in the academic councildecided to scrap the ordinance. However an official notification is yet to be released by the university.The controller of examination's office of the university is still waiting for the resolution. \"The order has been passed, but we need to get a notification from the university before deciding on the fresh dates of exam. Also, it was decided that all students, old and new, will have to appear as per the revised syllabus. The exams will be most likely conducted in April-May,\" said Vilas Shinde, controller of examinations.Students too are awaiting the notification. A student from a college in Navi Mumbai from the 2003-04 batch, said, \"We have been visiting the college regularly. The college keeps telling us that they are yet to get any communication from the university.\"We are hoping to get some instructions by the end of this month.\"Another student, who is from a batch in the late 90s, is worried about the revised syllabus. \"There are many students, like me, who have been giving the exam from the old syllabus. However, we will now have to appear for the exam in the revised syllabus. It will be difficult for us to cope up with the revised syllabus,\" said the student.The university had amended the policy in September 2002 making it mandatory for all engineering students to clear their four year course in eight years. The circular was resend to colleges recently before the November exams. Several students who were also given hall tickets were not allowed to write the exam following the order. After students protested, the university in a decision taken last month in the academic council decided to scrap the ordinance. However an official notification is yet to be released by the university.Even as a decision taken in Mumbai University's academic council scrapped the policy that made it mandatory for all engineering students to clear their BE course in eight years, the university is yet to pass a notification to that effect. Several students who missed their exams in November-December last year after the sudden announcement of the policy are still awaiting the fresh dates of the exam.The controller of examination's office of the university is still waiting for the resolution. \"The order has been passed, but we need to get a notification from the university before deciding on the fresh dates of exam. Also, it was decided that all students, old and new, will have to appear in the revised syllabus. The exams will be mostly conducted in April-May,\" said Vilas Shinde, controller of examinations.Students too are awaiting the notification. A student from a college in Navi Mumbai from the 2003-04 batch, said, \"We have been visiting the college regularly. The college authorities keep telling us that they are yet to get any communication from the university.We are hoping to get some instructions by the end of this month.\"Another student, who is from a batch in the late 90s, is worried about the revised syllabus. \"There are many students, like me, who have been giving the exam from the old syllabus. However, we will now have to appear for the exam in the revised syllabus. It will be difficult for us to cope up with the revised syllabus,\" said the student.The university had amended the policy in September 2002 making it mandatory for all engineering students to clear their four year course in eight years. The circular was resend to colleges recently before the November exams. Several students who were also given hall tickets were not allowed to write the exam following the order. After students protested, the university in a decision taken last month in the academic council decided to scrap the ordinance. However an official notification is yet to be released by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511897", "title": "'Kora is a special musical instrument'", "text": "Says Solo Cissokho, the internationally acclaimed Kora playerHe creates an entirely new world when he takes the center stage and plays his state of the art instrument Kora. He has taken the national instrument of Senegal to the world and has won accolades from BBC as well. Performing round the globe, Solo Cissokho is a house on fire when he is on stage, with childlike energy, and almost a contagious smile, Solo comes out as a jaunty person.So what makes Kora so special? He says, \"Kora is a national instrument of Senegal, that is one reason it is special. To add to it, it's a tradition which a father passes on to his son and it takes almost 7 years to make it and while you are learning to make it you can start learning it. Only when you have acquired complete hold on the instrument that you can start learning it.\" He adds, \"Then you are supposed to learn as many as 150 songs to be christened as a Kora player. So it's a tough journey.\"And so has he passed it on to his son? He says, \"Oh yes, my eldest son is 19 and has learnt 50 songs as of now, but he still has to go a 100 more. That is a long journey still.\"So for someone who has taken the national instrument on the world level, we wish him all the very best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504542", "title": "When special kids put in a perfect effort", "text": "NAGPUR: There was the usual song, dance and drama that is a standard fare at all school concerts. The perfect synchronization of steps, however, was missing. Yet none in the audience seemed to mind. Instead, they were marveling the courage and ability of the performers.The occasion was the annual gathering of Mayflower School, a city-based school for the differently-abled.The performances were less than perfect and the lack of co-ordination among the dancers obvious, unlike the picture perfect dos at most schools. It made the show all the more endearing.The faces of the parents and teachers, beaming with pride, seemed to be like rewards of patience and hard work that goes into bringing up children in a special way.\"The most special thing about this gathering is that all 35 students of the school have participated. Every one of them is awarded as all of them put in much more efforts into learning than we can imagine,\" enthused principal Rekha Abhyankar. The role of the parents in it all was also praised by the school. \"Because of the parents, children were always in the school through weeks of practice,\" said educator Jyotsana Likhite. The teacher who has been associated with the school for all 22 years of its existence.Another teacher, Vidula Sohoni, who trained the children for the drama believed that once something interests these kids, it doesn't take much for them to learn it. \"These children always follow instructions to the tee. They never think they wouldn't be able to do something,\" she said.The excitement of the kids as well as family members at the prospect of seeing them decked up was overwhelming. Little Anshi Jaiswal got all excited when she had to perform on stage that she spoke about it everyday at home, said her cousin Heena Jaiswal. \"She would even start dancing whenever she heard the songs from their act being played,\" she added. Strutting about in her red ghaghra, Anshi was busy posing for pictures between her performances.Alongside the teachers, some of the kin also took up the task of helping the kids with their performance. Sneha Bhavnani, who was one of the choreographers, spoke about her experience. \"I was amazed at their quick grasp of the steps, even the difficult ones used in original songs. They learnt all steps in a matter of a fortnight,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11505545", "title": "Using Magh Mela venue to spread voter awareness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Realising the fact that religion can play a major role in changing the mindset of people who fail to exercise their franchise on successive elections, a local organisation decided to utilise the Makar Sankranti Snan at Magh Mela as the perfect occasion for educating visitors about the importance of 'Matdaan' or voting, which is an integral part of the nation's democratic process. According to Indian mythology, Magh is considered to be an auspicious month for giving alms and charity, since the days of Hindu emperor Harshvardhan.Volunteers of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti holding placards and banners moved around the Mela area interacting with the visitors and making them aware about the importance of voting and exercising of voting rights. This is because if the present state of disenchantment among voters continues, it would prove detrimental to both the society and Indian democracy, observed the convenor of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, Teerthraj Pandey.Stating that the annual Magh Mela draws people from all corners of the country and abroad, the Samiti decided to drive home this message among visitors who inturn would convey it to their counterparts. He said, \"We should take a lesson from Westerners who never leave any opportunity to cast their vote as was conveyed to us by some of them who visited the Magh mela recently. We would move around the Mela area on a daily basis and persuade the public to choose the representative of their choice by exercising their voting rights.\"Issuing an emotional appeal to voters another Samiti member, Vishnu Dayal Srivastava said, \"Apne Adhikaron ko na dein chot, chunav ki tareekh karein note, apne man ki tarangon ko samjhkar zaroor dein vote\"(don't hurt your rights, note down the date of election and vote on the call of our heart and mind).Some members of the youth wing have penned poems with catch lines and phrases which would be recited before the visitors to create an impact among voters about the relevance and importance of voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511299", "title": "Big birthday bashes for kids in India", "text": "Birthday bashes in India for children are also complete entertainment events ...Sample this! A high profile birthday bash in Surat has trees and ferns laced with silver nets while pink helium balloons and Krrish cut outs add to the aura as the birthday boy, three-year-old Sahir, dressed in a black outfit, rocks in his grandmother's arm. This is not all. Himesh Reshammiya will perform live! Welcome to lavish and extravagant partying!Parents spend anything from Rs.20,000 to Rs.100,000 on their children's birthdays. Pooja Bedi's birthday celebration for her kids involved renting entire bowling alleys for her son in a club with live DJ music, compere and games. Actor Archana Puran Singh says, \"I am ashamed that I was a part of this mad circus. I had rented a whole villa on the beach and the party lasted for a day. We had a 'Tarzan in a Jungle' theme so there were electronic Tarzans swinging from one end to other, stalls with video games, jungle animals roaming around, multiple return gifts for children and what not?\" Namita Shah, a theme party organiser arranges for chef parties, rain dance parties and Bollywood theme parties. Says actor Gautami Kapoor, \"Ram and I had decided that on Sia's first birthday, we will donate money to charity.\"For return gifts, lunch boxes are a no! Imported stationery, baskets holding homemade chocolates and games are some of the popular options.\"Today one finds parents spending more on children than they would spend onthemselves,\" says entrepreneur Sunil Shah. Some even take pride in overstating the amount. If they've worked within Rs. 35-40,000, they tell their peers that the party cost them Rs. 75,000. Lifestyles are definitely changing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504489", "title": "GMH-16 doc lectures at Thailand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dr Sarabjiit Singh, surgeon at Government Multi-specialty Hospital-16, was recently invited as a speaker at the 7th international congress of the Asiaa??Pacific Hernia Society held at Thailand by secretary general on behalf of the organizing committee. He gave his talk on \"abdominal hernia-challenges and the role of emerging technologies\".He presented his work on treatment of inguinal and ventral hernia repair with help of 3D implants which do not require any suture fixation. These implants help in healing of hernias in contrast to meshes which induce fibrosis and have minimal chances of recurrence of hernias. Dr Sarabjit has done hernia repairs using this new innovative technology with better results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504638", "title": "Denied ticket, MNS city chief Mama Dhote quits", "text": "NAGPUR: With just one month remaining for the elections, Maharashtra Nirman Seva (MNS) city chief, Moreshwae alias Mama Dhote's decision to resign from the post could result in a big blow to the party. His decision came after he was denied ticket to contest the election.Dhote is one of the two MNS corporators in the 141-member house. He helped MNS record its first win here by getting elected from Wathoda ward-97 in 2007 election, just a year after MNS came into existence. Since then, Dhote is the president of its city unit.Dhote told TOI, the party has made it clear that he wouldn't be given the ticket. \"MNS general secretary and chief coordinator of Vidarbha, Sanjay Chitre updated me on the latest development. I have also been asked to stop party activities in the city. Four days back, I had gone to meet MLA Bala Nandgaonkar at Thane who confirmed the party's decision. Nandgaonkar told me that the decision was taken as I had not attended the interview conducted by the party in the city on December 4. But this is not the exact reason and there is more behind the scene,\" he said.When enquired what could be the real reason, he said, \"I had distributed the application forms to aspirant candidates two months back to improve the party's tally in the NMC, as I had no idea about MNS' election process. I have been denied ticket keeping this in mind and not the interview.\"Dhote added that he had also gone to meet party supremo Raj Thackeray. \"When I entered the Mumbai office, Thackeray was leaving. I requested for discussion but Thackeray told me to take time from his secretary Harshal Deshpande who showed no interest. I have been working to strengthen the party since last four years and established over 300 units.\"I have also spent lakhs for the party's development. Still, the party has no sympathy with me,\" he said.About his future plans, Dhote said, he would not join any party, but contest as an independent candidate.\"I am in touch with the party leaders and activists who are wishing to resign with me. But I don't want to defame myself by breaking the party, so I am resigning alone. I am very upset, as I had prepared for the elections well in time and kept a target to improve party's tally to 25 from existing two corporators,\" he said.Another corporator Vikas Khobragade was elected from Vinobha Bhave Nagar ward-5. Khobragade too is not contesting the election as he doesn't fit per the reservation criteria.The ward he represents is reserved for ST (men) and open (woman) so his wife is likely to contest.Hemant Gadkari said, he had sent a letter requesting Thackeray to give permission for conducting interviews of Dhote and a few other aspirant candidates who missed the chance. \"Interviews are likely to be conducted again on January 18 or 19. Dhote should not resign as he has not received the decision in writing,\" he said.When asked if Dhote's resignation would be a loss to the party, Gadkari said the party is developing only due to Thackeray's vision and ideology. Youths and women are joining the party as to work under Thackeray's leadership,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11505518", "title": "Politicians don't want legal tag for party manifestos", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Party manifestos released on the eve of polls make a slew of promises to the voters, most of which go unfulfilled, even though, these may have helped the parties win polls.But, once elected to power, there is no accountability for the politicians for the next five years- at the most they lose power for a few years till they make a comeback with a new set of promises, playing with the trust of the voters once again.However, some civil society groups are demanding that it's time to make politicians accountable for this \"breach of trust\" by making manifestos a legal document challengable in the court of law. Expectedly, the suggestion has not gone down well with the politicians, at least in Punjab, where two main players have already released their manifestos while SAD-BJP is likely to reveal theirs in coming week.\"It's a promise made to the public and if parties fail to keep their promise, they are accountable to the public which has the power to change them,\" says state Congress chief Capt Amarinder Singh . \"This breach of trust is to be challenged in the court of people, and not in a legal court,\" he added soon after releasing his party's manifesto for the coming polls. Daljit Cheema, who is member, secretary of manifesto committee of SAD, says, \"Our manifestos are commitments made to the public, these can't be made legal documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11504516", "title": "Khurana sisters steal the show", "text": "NAGPUR: Khurana sisters, Mehak and Rhythm, did nothing wrong on Friday, matched the pace of their rivals, gave a good example of excellent exchanges to stole the show in a Bank of Maharashtra-organized D-League basketball game at the Bajaj Nagar courts.The sensational show of Khurana sisters helped Nagpur Amateur Sports Association (NASA) convert a tough outing into an easy affair with a comfortable 28-17 victory over Shivaji Nagar Gymkhana (SNG), their second win in three games.After a low scoring first half, which NASA led by five points (11-6), the girls in green stretched the lead further by winning the third quarter 10-6 for a handy 11-point advantage at the end. With both the teams scoring 7 points apiece in the last quarter, NASA handed SNG their second defeat of the league.For the winners, Mehak scored a game-high 11 points while Rhythm added 9. For SNG, Rucha Aurangabadkar (6) and Ishani Chachani (5) played well.In a boys section game, Nutan Bharat Yuwak Sangh (NBYS) booked their fourth win in succession with an easy 45-14 victory over Centre Point School. Nikunj Chandak once again stole the thunder with a herculean 18-point effort.RESULTSGirls: NASA (Mehak Khurana 11, Rhythm Khurana 9, Kasturi Kawale 4) bt SNG (Rucha Aurangabadkar 6, Ishani Chachani 5) 28-17 (6-2, 5-4, 10-4, 7-7).Boys: NBYS (Nikunj Chandak 18, Sahil Bhure 6) bt CPS (Kabir Singh 4) 45-14 (16-5, 13-0, 5-5, 11-4); PLSC (Jay Diwe 11, Ajay Kshirsagar 6) bt NKM (Abhiram Tapas 10) 34-15 (11-1, 4-0, 9-9, 10-6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11505645", "title": "ADGP among 40 injured in stone-pelting in Bilara", "text": "JODHPUR: At least 40 people including additional director general of police P K Vyas were injured on Sunday when an angry mob protesting against the recent spate of murders pelted stones and blocked National Highway 112 at Bilara near here.The protest was against the murder of three persons, including a young girl, on Friday night by three unidentified killers. The victims were sleeping in their house at a farm house in Bilara when the culprits strike. Two others were seriously injured during the incident. Residents of the area had protested on Saturday also and had given an ultimatum to the police to arrest the killers within 24 hours and announced bandh of Bilara area on Sunday. The protesters had also refused to cremate the bodies till the killers were identified and arrested.Police had to resort to firing tear gas shells to disperse the mob.IGP Umesh Mishra said 32 policemen have been injured in the stone pelting, of whom three have been referred to the Jodhpur government hospital. He said situation had turned violent in the afternoon with people demanding arrest of the killers. \"But we controlled the situation, dispersed the mob and opened the highway,\" Mishra said.\"When the police were trying to clear the blockade, the mob turned violent and started pelting stones, injuring 32 policemen. We then resorted to firing tear gas shells to disperse the mob,\" he said.Mishra said the police were trying their best to solve the murder case but the people's outrage had kept them busy in dealing with the situation instead of focusing on the investigation.Nearly 35 people were detained, said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11504988", "title": "Meet on Jan 21 to endorse name of new VC", "text": "INDORE: With just five days left for the executive council meet of the Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidhyalaya (DAVV), speculation over the candidature for permanent vice chancellor has buzzed the varsity campus. The meeting to be held on January 21 is likely to endorse the name of candidate selected by the search committee and forward it to the Governor for final consideration.Sources said the 17 members of the EC will have to reach a consensus on the name of vice chancellor are tight lipped and will disclose their cards in the meeting. If they do not agree on a common name then EC members will vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "11505753", "title": "Rajputs come out in support of Army chief", "text": "BHIWANI: Even though Army Chief General V K Singh has made it clear that he does not want to make the 'row' regarding his date of birth a public issue, Akhil Bhartiya Rajput Sabha, at a meeting held in his home district, Bhiwani, has threatened to stage a dharna in Delhi on March 2 in support of his claim regarding his age.The Akhil Bhartiya Rajput Sabha, a body representative of the Rajput community, which general Singh belongs to, held a meeting in Charkhi Dadri in Bhiwani district on Sunday. The executive body adopted a resolution at the meeting saying that if the Union government does not give extension to General Singh in keeping with his age as mentioned in the matriculation certificate by February 29, they would hold a dharna at Jantar Mantar on March 2.Thakur Atar Lal, state president of the Sabha alleged that the Central government was doing an injustice to General Singh by not recognizing his date of birth as mentioned in his matriculation certificate, which is a valid document to authenticate one's. \"The people of Haryana comprising farmers, Rajputs, Dalits and other communities would march towards Delhi to hold a dharna if the issue is not settled in favour of the Army chief by February end,\" he stated.Rajputs want to be part of OBC categoryAfter the Jats laying their claim to be part of the other backward class (OBC) category for getting a quota in jobs and educational institutes, the Rajputs too raised a similar demand at a meeting at Charkhi Dadri on Sunday. The Akhil Bhartiya Rajput Sabha passed a unanimous resolution urging the government to include Rajputs in the OBC category in view of their socio-economic condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "11508563", "title": "Stop killing your own people: Ban tells Assad", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: In a strongly worded statement, United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to immediately stop violence against his own people.\"I say again to President Assad of Syria: Stop the violence. Stop killing your own people. The path of repression is a dead end,\" Ban said at the High-Level Meeting on Reform and Transitions to Democracy in Beirut, Lebanon.Ban's remarks came amidst increasing international pressure on the Syrian government, which is facing an armed uprising, with a growing risk of civil war.Led by the US, the international community too has been asking the Syrian president to stop violence.The Obama Administration has said that Assad has lost legitimacy to rule and should leave presidency immediately.In a major address on the developments in North Africa and Middle east region of the world, the UN Secretary General referred to the winds of change blowing in the region and said that the lessons of the past year are eloquent and clear.\"The winds of change will not cease to blow. The flame ignited in Tunisia will not be dimmed. Let us remember, as well: none of these great changes began with a call for a regime change,\" he said.The UN chief said people want dignity, end to corruption and a say in their future.\"They want jobs and justice, a fair share of political power. They want their human rights. For too long, Arabs stood on the sidelines. They watched as others threw off tyranny - in Europe, Asia and Africa. They asked: why not us? Why so little democracy in a part of the world so rich in human potential? Now their time has come. Now your time has come,\" he said.The event was organised by Lebanese Government and the UN Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA).\"The old way, the old order, is crumbling -- one-man rule and the perpetuation of family dynasties, monopolies of wealth and power, the silencing of the media, the deprivation of fundamental freedoms that are the birthright of men, women and children on this planet,\" he said.\"To all of this, the people say: enough! Enough is enough. This is cause to celebrate and much more. The spontaneous, homegrown and non-violent movements are a credit to the Arab people,\" Ban said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505124", "title": "Metro to run eight-coach trains by Sept", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the surging crowds in the Metro trains deter you, here's some good news. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has placed a new order for 76 more coaches from Bombardier. These coaches will be used to convert the present six-coach train sets into eight-coach ones on the HUDA City Center-Jahangirpuri corridor by this September. Commuters travelling on the Dwarka Sector 21-Noida/Vaishali line will have to wait a little longer though. Eight-coach trains will run on this line only by January-February 2013.\"The new set of 76 coaches is expected to be delivered by April-May 2012. From these, 37 eight-coach trains will be added to the Yellow line by September, when they will be introduced in revenue services,\" said H S Anand, director (rolling stock).Delhi Metro has also placed an order with DMEL, which supplies the ROTEM trains, running on the Dwarka Sector 21-Noida/Vaishali line. These coaches will start arriving by July 2012, when some of the coaches will be used to convert the four-coach trains into six-coach ones. The rest will be put into service as eight-coach train sets and deployed on the Blue line by January-February 2013.Before being put into service, the coaches will be tested over three to four months, said Anand. \"The testing is done not only of the rolling stock but also the signalling, so that when commissioned, the trains run smoothly.\"The addition of coaches is expected to provide much needed space in an increasingly heavy Metro network. The daily ridership on these two lines is around six-seven lakh per corridor, and has been going up steadily in the past year, especially after several stations were added as part of Phase II. At present, the number of coaches in the network is 1,022, of which 538 are Bombardiers.Delhi Metro has already been adding coaches to existing four-coach train sets. It has introduced 100 six-coach train sets on the Dwarka and Gurgaon lines combined, with a plan to add more in the coming few months. The numbers say a lot: the Dwarka corridor saw a ridership of 5.8 lakh as recently as May 2011. Since then, the ridership has shot up to seven lakh. The Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri line also saw an increase of 1.5 lakh commuters during the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505858", "title": "It is time for these samaritans to save birds", "text": "JAIPUR: The festival of Makar Sankranti means kite-flying for most of us but for some good samaritans it also means time to rescue birds injured by the glass-coated 'manjha'. On Saturday too they could be seen rescuing birds from trees to poles, drains to pavements and interiors to outskirts of the city and bringing them at makeshift hospitals at Ramnivas Garden Gate on JLN Marg. The reward they expect is satisfaction to see when these injured birds recuperate and fly off.Meet these groups - RAKSHA, Saviors, People for Animals, Ashray and the long list of dedicated individuals striving hard to save the ecology by saving birds. The founder of RAKSHA rescue team, Rohit Gangwal, was fascinated with all living creatures since his childhood. He has been rescuing snakes and birds from last seven years. \"My life is incomplete without animals,\" said Gangwal, who has dedicated a portion of his house to keep injured birds till they recuperate. His team has conducted over 80 operations in a makeshift hospital in the last 48 hours.Sahil Singhal, the vice-president of People for Animals, moves around the city incessantly in his modified car-cum-mini ambulance to rescue birds. He always carries notepad, shoe boxes, empty cartons, medicines and some surgical equipment in his car. \"I am getting a lot of calls these days. The increasing number of calls means we have been successful in popularizing our helpline numbers,\" added Singhal, a businessman and traffic warden who rescued 55 feathered creatures in the last two days. The work is incomplete without the support of veterinary doctors. Each group has a number of vets dedicated to save birds. Dr Vikas Sharma associated with Saviors conducted 35 operations on Sunday. The most difficult part is stopping the flow of blood with limited surgical instruments, he said. \"The profuse bleeding when birds are brought from spot to the centre causes maximum deaths. The injured bird requires continuous medical attention on daily basis as the toxic strings can cause infection in the wounds,\" added Sharma.During the treatment the birds are served vitamin-rich diet to give them extra energy. The biggest moment for them is when the birds are released. In last two days they have rescued over 500 birds. \"We are hoping to save at least 80 per cent. The others are so badly injured that they may not recuperate,\" said finalyear veterinary student Mohini Subedar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11504768", "title": "Joe Banana: Address of the global wanderer", "text": "PANAJI: Traversing through the little bylanes of South Anjuna, while tracing the steps of Eight Finger Eddie -widely credited for putting Goa on the international tourism map-one stumbles upon a little eating joint that once served as an unofficial postal address for the first hippies who stepped onto Goa's shores.The place is off the beaten track. Away from the starred hotels and fancy boutique villas where Goa's charter tourists lounge by swimming pools and feast on exotic food. The first backpackers did not lead this lifestyle and would abhor it as much, says Oystein Krogsrud, a Norwegian journalist, who has spent the last couple of years chronicling the hippie trail in Goa.Diogo Almeida, a local from Anjuna, spotted an opportunity there. At a time, when most of the population spoke only Konkani, Diogo could speak very good English, having recently returned from British Africa.Diogo travelled to Mapusa on his bicycle and bought some vegetables. Rustling up a meal, he served it to the hippies, who till then, had to make do with a soup kitchen run by Eddie for lost travellers. And that was how the first restaurant catering to Goa's tourists was born sometime in the early 1970s.The restaurant didn't have a name. Many of the hippies were rebels, avoiding the draft to the war that America was fighting in Vietnam . They left their identities behind, grew their hair long and walked around barefoot in their new abode with names like 'Junky Robert', 'Hollywood Pete' and 'Trumpet Steve'.\"Joe was a common name for the average American. And my father used to serve them bananas after their meals here,\" says Tony Almeida, who inherited the restaurant from Diogo. And so it took on the name Joe Banana.\"The hippies brought tourism to Goa. A new form of economy came into being. Prior to this, the locals earned their living from agriculture, fishing or small businesses. Those who were educated, worked in offices in Goa, Mumbai or abroad. But, this was something new. Tourism. It was unheard of. And it benefited the locals, as the hippies stayed with us and ate along with us,\" says Tony.Joe Banana served not just food, but also gave the hippies an address where their relatives, a thousand miles across the globe, could find them. \"Every letter, or Christmas card, that came had a 'c/o Joe Banana',\" Tony recalls, as he proudly displays the wooden red box that held those letters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504248", "title": "Pradip to meet Shakeel today", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress high-command has already made it clear that it doesn't want the state leaders to get involved in any clash with the Trinamool. The state Congress feels that unless it takes up issues affecting people, its existence will be at a stake. The stance of the state unit hinges on the outcome of the meeting between PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya and AICC general secretary in charge of Bengal Shakeel Ahmed in Delhi on Monday.Ahmed on Sunday hinted that the party leadership is aware of the rumblings in the party. \"There are two very clear things that we are stressing upon,\" said Ahmed. \"There is a difference between takeing up issues affecting people with the administration and critising the government or its leaders. Organisational issues and the future course of actions, in the context of present scenario will also be discussed. This, however, isn't new for a state Congress president to meet the AICC general-secretary in charge,\" he said. Bhattacharya chose to remain non-committal today. \"I will not be able to comment unless I attend the meeting, neither will it be proper,\" he said.Though Ahmed insists in any coalition, the leaders of respective parties should be aware of what they say, these is no indication that the attack and counter-attack will subside completely. The difference could only be the tone and tenor. Trinamool Congress for one will go ahead with its Sabang rally on December 18 - Congress minister Manas Bhunia's bastion.Tamluk MP and Trinamool Youth Congress president Subhendu Adhikari said, \"Our programmes will not depend on what they do. We will go ahead with this and our north Bengal rallies (planned in Murshidabad and Malda). This is part of the overall campaign for the forthcoming panchayat polls.\" Youth Congress state president Mausam Noor said, \"There will be no stopping of our campaigns to highlight the failure (of the state) to take various Central schemes to the people. On the other programme we are yet to finalise.\" Murshidabad MP Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury was more forthright, \"If any (agitation) can weaken us politically, we will protest.\"The state Congress had earlier announced that it will intensify its campaign in January-end over a plethora of issues. Indira Bhawan and the farmer's plight topped the agenda but added to it is Deepa Das Munshi's threat to paralyse north Bengal over the AIIMs issue.On the Indira Bhawan and farmer's issue, Congress had even urged its district unit to agitate at the District Magistrate's office. These schedules, however, will be decided only after an explicit go-ahead from the Congress high command. Bhattacharya said, \"None of these have been finalised. We will inform later.\"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had twice earlier indicated her zero-tolerance for such criticism, twice asking Congress to leave the coalition should they want to hit the streets against the government - and her party. She also linked this to her pro-people stance in FDI in retail, pension and petro-price hike issue at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510401", "title": "Nicole Richie's blazer obsession", "text": "Nicole Richie can't stop buying jackets.The House of Harlow designer is obsessed with well tailored blazers and coats but admitted her top tip for dressing well is to buy accessories.She said: \"I would always choose accessories because they can really change up an outfit. You can wear jeans and a t-shirt and throw on a different pair of shoes and it really changes the entire outfit. And when it comes to dressing tips, the boho-chic designer is all about a great blazer. I love to buy jackets. I love to buy coats. I bought a great Helmut Lang black blazer and I wore it, you know, I wore it every day.\"Nicole is currently starring as a mentor on 'Fashion Star' with Jessica Simpson and John Barbados but says she tries to help the featured designers without imposing her own taste on them.She explained to Fab Flash: \"We are really leaving our personal opinions to ourselves. It's more about encouraging them to go with their gut and know the business and really just be fearless in this competition.\"Well, I think what makes the show so original is that as America is watching the clothes go down the runway, they can order those clothes immediately online that night or go in the stores the next day and buy it the very next day. So we're talking about immediate fashion, accessible fashion at an accessible price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504522", "title": "Eighth accused still at large", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With 72 hours having passed since the murder of Harminder Singh, 29, near Aroma light point in Sector 22, police were yet to arrest the eighth accused in the case, Sukhjit Singh Sooch of Phase XI, Mohali, on Sunday.Cops said they had conducted raids at his three hideouts but failed to nab him. The Scorpio, which was seized from the spot of the murder, belongs to Sooch, who recently got married to an NRI girl.They also said that Ireland-returned Harminder Singh was actually attacked with two blunt weapons, one of which was a baseball bat and the other a bamboo stick. The bamboo stick allegedly belonged to the prime accused in the case, Harsimranjeet Singh of Sector 44, and was recovered from behind Aroma hotel in Sector 22, on Sunday. The baseball bat, which was taken away by assailants after thrashing the youth, has also been recovered from Harsimranjeet's shop, \"Bites\" in Sector 44, on Sunday.Harsimranjeet and his other six aides were arrested and sent in two days police custody on January 14. Police sources said after thrashing Harminder outside the eating joint, assailants threw the bamboo stick behind the hotel and took the baseball bat along with them.For establishing the fact that both the weapons were used in the crime, police have decided to send the bat and bamboo stick for forensic examination along with blood samples of Harminder to central forensic science laboratory (CFSL) in Sector 36.The initial postmortem report also revealed that he died due to severe head injuries caused by blunt weapons and died within 10 minutes after being thrashed by the assailants. Police sources said for confirming the claim of prime eyewitness and the complainant Dilshad Ali, that Harminder was drunk when heated arguments broke out between him and the group of assailants, visra samples of the deceased would be sent for chemical examination to central forensic science laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11504962", "title": "Sarod legend helps beauty silence elitism, ignorance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Listening to Ustad Amjad Ali Khan is like entering a sacred monument. Khan-sahab's playing sustains a sanctified part of heritage that was gifted to India by his forefathers.Khan-sahab's ancestor Ustad Ghulam Ali Khan (born sometime in the 1700s) is thought to have given sarod its name as well as the character we recognize today. Ustad Ghulam Ali Khan's father - or grandfather, in some accounts - Ghulam Bandagi Khan Bangash, had ridden horseback from Afghanistan into the court of the Hindu Maharaja of Rewa (Rajasthan). Bangash offered his expertise in the art of war. The mahajara shared his knowledge of Indian classical music with the Afghan guest. That relationship crafted a cultural treasure that continues to glow like a blessing on rasikas; as it did during the finale of the 32nd edition of the Saptak Music Festival, on Friday.Ustad Amjad Ali Khan plays with the sumptuous dignity of someone whose reign over his art is categorical. At Saptak's climax, Khan-sahab offered salvation from life's ordinariness, dreariness, and meaninglessness. Rasikas at the festival venue - Amrut Mody School of Management - followed his fingers' slide and incline as though they were pointing to directions in which truth and absolution lay.Khan-sahab granted a glimpse of the 'that' (classification of raga families) of Raga Kafi; Jansammohini; Bageshri; Charukeshi; and Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore's 'Ekla chalo re'. Khan-sahab offered other enlightening insights into Indian music in an exclusive exchange with TOI.\"Back in the 1970s, there used to be institutions like Kumar Club and Shreyas Club in Ahmedabad that organized one-artiste-one-evening programmes,\" Khan-sahab told TOI. \"Such programmes were held in Baroda too. That format should be revived.\"Khan-sahab explained how on his 25th birthday he had performed for ten hours in what was still called Calcutta. \"I had two tabla exponents accompanying me,\" he said. \"First, Pandit Kishen Maharaj played and later Ustad Karamatullah Khan took over. And some five years ago, my sons Ayaan and Amaan and I took turns to play at an all-night concert in Kolkata. It was a ticketed show for a sold-out house. I have given performances of that nature many times in my career.\"These days, Khan-sahab said, he was focusing on rare ragas and tradition-shaping compositions. \"Today, even beginners try to elaborate on a raga and don't stop till it is murdered,\" he noted with amusement laced with exasperation. \"Artistes must learn to value the audience's time. Otherwise, great disservice will be done to music.\"Another peril for music loomed in the form of tyranny of convention, Khan-sahab said. \"Tradition gives you flexibility,\" he said. \"Convention, however, dictates regulations about the format and the length of a performance. When these regulations are followed thoughtlessly, some musicians tend to sound repetitive.\"Of late, Khan-sahab has intensified his crusade against elitist ignorance. \"I was the first to play 'Vaishnav jan to' on sarod. It is based on Raga Khamaj,\" he said. \"I have also rendered Ram Dhun, which is set to Raga Mishra Gara. Now tell me, are these works cheap?\" There are only two kinds of music, he said: \"Appealing and non-appealing.\"As for Saptak, when Khan-sahab was tuning his sarod, snatches of Kafi rose in the air like incense. One young and aspiring rasika exclaimed: \"That sounds like Brindavana Saranga!\" The Carnatic raga the rasika had discerned is the vehicle for M S Subbulakshmi Amma's eternally potent 'Sri Rangapura Vihara'. Brindavana Saranga and ragas of the Kafi family do share noticeable traits. Khan-sahab had not even begun the concert but had managed to eliminate cultural divides. It was another Ustad Amjad Ali Khan coup.Maestros speak to TOIChildren must be taught to respect the classical tradition's exponents. They spend more than 20 years in saadhana. Nothing wrong in enjoying TV, but it shouldn't be the only cultural stimulus. I like action movies, but I don't hit people! - Pandit Birju MaharajI believe Indian classical music provides the listener with much more than entertainment. It is connected with the spiritual ethos of our culture. When I play the alaap, it is like offering a prayer - Pandit Shivkumar SharmaPlaying a raga for five hours will not draw young audiences. It will be very heavy for them. So genres like fusion are good bridges to reach the youth - Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "shimla/manali", "code": "11505880", "title": "Kullu becomes safe haven for poachers", "text": "SHIMLA/MANALI: Kullu district that has gained notoriety because of the illegal trade of charas has now also become a safe haven for poachers who in their bid to earn a fast buck are killing animals after intruding into their habitats.That this illegal poaching trade is flourishing became evident on Sunday, when the general manager of a well known hotel from Manali was arrested after a black bear hide was recovered from the hotel.A couple of months ago, animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi had received a complaint from some people who informed her that Manali is becoming a hub of poaching activity. They told her that killing of animals is taking place on a largescale in Manali and its surrounding areas.Following this complaint, a team of People for Animals (PFA), the NGO run by Maneka Gandhi, laid a trap and started interacting with people in Manali pretending to be interested in buying animal skin. Later, they found a bear hide which was displayed at a popular hotel after which the PFA members tried to 'strike a deal'.Saurabh Gupta of PFA said that Manali has now gained notoriety as poachers' hub. \"We got information about poaching activity going on in the tourist town and with the help of district police we finally exposed the illegal trade which is clandestinely flourishing in the district,\" he said.Gupta said that after he posed as a customer, Trilok Chand, the general manager of Preet Hotel Manali struck a 'deal' to sell the bear hide at a cost of Rs 1.20 lakh following which he was arrested by the police and a case under sections 9, 39 and 51 of the Wildlife Protection Act was registered against him at the Manali police station.\"Initially the hotel manager was demanding Rs 1.5 lakh for the hide but he later agreed on Rs 1.2 lakh. Surprisingly, the bear hide was prominently displayed inside the hotel and no one took notice of it,\" he added.Manali DSP Shamsher Singh confirming the development said that Trilok Chand of Hamirpur has been arrested and a case under Section 51 of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11509953", "title": "No meters in autos yet, residents hit", "text": "GURGAON: After raising the hopes of residents that in the new year they will not have to pay exorbitant fares to auto-rickshaws drivers, the city administration has not yet been able to get fare meters installed in CNG auto-rickshaws. In such a scenario, commuters are still being taken for a ride by auto drivers.It's been over a month now since the administration announced (on December 5) that it would introduce distance-based fares for these private auto-rickshaws on a trial basis and gave them a week's time to install fare meters. The logic of starting the initiative on trial basis was that the administration has simultaneously sent the fare policy proposal to the state government for approval.However, later sticking to its stand and amidst protests by auto unions over the \"meagre\" fare charges, the administration had given them an extension of 15 days till December-end to follow the administration's order.Since then, it seems, no progress has been made in this direction. A visit to various auto-rickshaw stands revealed that no auto driver was in a mood to pay attention to the administration's decision. An auto-rickshaw driver said, \"I have heard that we are required to install the meter. But as no one has done it so far I have also not done it.\"He said there had been no change in the fares and it was business as usual.Interestingly, a driver was seen having a fare meter in his vehicle, although the device was non-functional. He informed that he had got it installed in Delhi and would connect wires when it would be made compulsory.When contacted, regional transport authority (RTA) secretary Dharmendra Singh confirmed that auto owners were not coming forward. Singh said that the department was awaiting the government's approval.\"It is otherwise difficult to force auto drivers to fix meters,\" he said.If the fare policy is implemented, commuters will have to pay Rs 20 for the first two kilometres and thereafter 6.50 per km. Deputy commissioner could not be contacted for his comments.A decision on putting an end to registration of diesel auto-rickshaws as they pollute the environment and replace them with the autos using clean fuel is also pending with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11513072", "title": "Heritage whitewashed: Mansa Devi Temple damaged, Haryana govt says its restoration", "text": "PANCHKULA: The white-washing of over-a-century-and-a-half-old frescos at the Mansa Devi Temple is not only against rules of restoration of old and rare works of art but would also damage these rare paintings on the walls of the shrine, feels Indian National Trust of Art, Culture and Heritage (INTACH).The temple, built by the royal family of Patiala, is under the Haryana archaeology department, while Haryana Tourism Corporation is the nodal agency responsible for execution of the ongoing conservation work. The work on frescos inside the temple started around 1840 under the patronage of Maharaja Gopal Singh of Manimajra and Maharaja Karam Singh of Patiala.While TOI has photographs (taken on January 10) showing layers of white wash applied on the frescos, a statement of Haryana's directorate of information and public relations said that 'no white wash is being done on the frescos'.\"As observed in photographs, the frescos have been whitewashed. The restoration procedure followed is not in accordance with norms,\" said INTACH principal director Nilabh Sinha.\"The first step is scientific documentation in which the material that has to be restored is examined in the laboratory to understand what kind of coating exists. The conservation assessment report is then drafted, which states problems that can be faced while restoration, the kinds of paints to be used and the remedial measures that have to be taken before the conservation work,\" said Sinha.\"The conservation process then begins, in which the damaged part is covered using adhesives in order to provide a protective layer. After chemical treatment and precautionary measures, touching with irreversible paints or powdered pigments is done to restore the works,\" he added.Sinha feels the layer of whitewash will affect the frescos. \"The photos show that whitewashing was done. Any coating of whitewash or lose plaster leads to further deterioration of the frescoes. Whitewash has calcium hydroxide in it and when it reacts with carbon dioxide in the air, it forms a layer of calcium carbonate which destroys thefrescos,\" Sinha said.\"The frescoes are conserved and preserved after following a scientific conservation methodology as prescribed by UNESCO and ICCROM (International Centre for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property), which is also followed by Archeological Survey of India,\" said a statement by the directorate of information and public relations, Haryana government.When TOI contacted Haryana minister for archaeology and museums, Geeta Bhukkal, she asked for a written questionnaire. However, TOI did not get any reply from her till 11pm on Friday to an email sent to her earlier in the day.Ridiculous to wipe out frescos, says expert\"It is ridiculous to wipe out the frescos.\" This is what Gurmeet Rai, director of Cultural Resource Conservation Initiative in India and managing trustee of Punjab Heritage Preservation Trust, has to say about the white-washing of over-a-century-and-a-half-old frescos at the Mansa Devi Temple here.Gurmeet Rai, who has been involved with conservation work at Harmandir Sahib in Amritsar, was reacting to the news about the so-called restoration work being carried out by Haryana government at the Mansa Devi temple.She said, \"I feel it is just being insensitive and shows the high-handedness on the part of the temple authorities .Mansa Devi temple was the trendsetter for frescos and their conservation in early nineties. It should be done the way SGPC is getting the frescoes conserved at Harmandir Sahib. People have got their sentiments attached with Mansa Devi temple.\"\"Conservation is the need of the hour. It is appalling that how could one lose such precious heritage. The restoration of frescoes work being done at the Harmandir Sahib, Amritsar is the best example to be followed. They should have learnt from the way SGPC is getting the frescos restored,\" she added.\"It is bad that limewash has been used on such frescoes which were significant for the temple. I haven't been to Mansa Devi temple but have heard a lot about the frescoes which were tourists' attraction.There was a time when the conservation of frescoes at Mansa Devi used to be followed by others,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505688", "title": "Rising encroachments: Environment dept to finally demarcate southern Ridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment department's agenda for 2012 has several shades of green. After almost 18 years, the department has finally undertaken to demarcate the extent of the southern Ridge. This part of the Ridge is the most encroached upon since its boundary has never been defined. In the next 5-6 months, officials say, its exact area would be known after which plans would be drawn for its protection.\"The 1994 notification classified the Ridge as reserved forest. However, the boundary of the southern Ridge was never defined. We have finally undertaken the exercise and hope to finish the work by mid 2012,\" said Keshav Chandra, environment secretary.At present, the central Ridge is being enclosed within a high wall by the forest department to protect it from encroachment. Most of the northern Ridge is also under protection- having being enclosed by both a wall and fencing. No decision had been taken on fate of encroachments already existing within the boundary of the southern ridge, officials said.Chandra said that five more city forests are to be created by March 2012. Once these forests are in place, the total number of urban forests created and maintained by the forest department in the city will go up to 45. \"These will be located along the city's edge as there is not enough place within the city for greening such a large scale area,\" said Chandra.Another major green project for 2012, that has already been identified, is the creation of a biodiversity park at Garhi Mandu along the Yamuna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504181", "title": "Man hangs himself in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: M K Swagarajan (45), hanged himself at his home in Bhayander on Sunday after his wife refused to accompany him for a pre-wedding function of his friend on Saturday.According to the Bhayander police, Swagarajan was found hanging from the ceiling of his bedroom at around 11.30am on Sunday. It was the victim's son Nikhil who alerted the police.On Saturday, Swagarajan wanted his wife to accompany him for the party. She insisted that they attend the marriage ceremony on Sunday. Swagarajan, who runs a bindi-making factory in Bhayander was upset at the refusal and spend the night at the factory.He returned home at around 9 am and locked himself in the bedroom. His wife was away. When he did not step out his son Nikhil got worried and informed the cops. The police broke open the door to find Swagarajan hanging. He left behind a note saying no one was responsible for his death.A Bhayander man hanged himself at his home on Sunday after his wife refused to accompany him for a pre-wedding function of his friend on Saturday.According to the Bhayander police, Swagarajan M K (45) was found hanging from the ceiling of his bedroom at around 11.30 am on Sunday. It was the victim's son Nikhil (18) who alerted the police after his father refused to open the door for several hours.On Saturday, Swagarajan wanted his wife to accompany him for the party. She insisted that they attend the marriage ceremony on Sunday. Swagarajan, who runs a bindi-making factory in Bhayander was upset at the refusal and spend the night at the factory.He returned home at around 9 am and locked himself in the bedroom. His wife was away. When he did not step out his son Nikhil got worried and informed the cops. The police broke open the door to find Swagarajan hanging. He left behind a note saying no one was responsible for his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504653", "title": "Painting exhibition depicts power of universe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Capturing the spirit in a blend of bright colours is a good way of describing French artist AgnA\"s Simon's paintings. A collection of some of her works is on display at Alliance FranAaise in Sector 36. Her paintings utilize primary colours and other bright hues to depict gestures and incidents that project the power of the universe and earth.She explains, \"Abstract art for me is about pushing the limits of the unknown. Colours represent energies within us and those that surround us. Leaving behind the false beliefs, painful memories and prejudices, I carry out the task of cleaning and healing my inner self through my paintings. I also display my life which I wish to a happy one, full of love and enjoyment.\"Her exhibition is presented in two sections: \"Memoirs\" and \"Shamans\". The first part is about emotions and experiences. In that, light colours are used to display good emotions and dark to denote unpleasant ones. The second part of the exhibition is about healing and uses green and blue colours, Simon said.Being a French artist from Cahors (Southwest of France), AgnA\"s has been attracted by colours from her childhood. But it was only in 2006 that she started taking her first painting lessons. Just a year after this, she went to India where she lived in Pune with her family. There, she began making abstract paintings with acrylic and oil paints.At present, she stays in Chandigarh where she has been continuing her work for year and a half. \"Simon paints her soul on canvas and wants to share it with the whole world. It has just been one day of the exhibition and it has seen a great response from people,\" said her husband.Paintings will be on display till January 17 at Alliance FranAaise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11509507", "title": "Culling to continue for next 5 days in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Culling and mopping operations will continue for the next five days in Meghalaya to contain the spread of bird-flu in East Garo Hills district, official sources said.\"Until last evening, 3026 fowls were subjected to hygienic culling by the district administration, even as specialised teams of Rapid Response Teams and medical officers were activated within three kilometers from the epicentre where the bird-flu was detected\" District Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi told PTI.The teams are concentrating in areas within three kilometers of the government-run farm for the past four days and a total of 21 villages have been sanitised, he said.According to the district magistrate, the operation will continue for the coming five days in and around Williamnagar town.Till yesterday, the government had to pay due compensation of Rs 3,11,975 to affected farmers after it enhanced compensation from Rs 50 (GoI rate) upto Rs 250 per fowl.The district, with a population density of 122 inhabitants per square km, has a population of 3,17,618 persons as per 2011 census.Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory confirmed bird-flu on January 11 after testing blood samples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11515588", "title": "Homai Vyarawalla cremated", "text": "VADODARA: India's first lady photographer Homai Vyarawalla was cremated here on Monday. Vyarawalla, who stayed alone, had slipped and fallen at her residence on Thursday and fractured a hip bone. Although she was taken to a hospital by her neighbours, she passed away at the age of 98 on Sunday morning after developing breathing complications.On Monday morning her body was kept for public to pay homage at the veteran photographer's Nizampura residence. Later the funeral procession reached Karelibaug crematorium in the presence of a few Parsi families of the city, her distant relatives who had reached the city from Mumbai and a couple of artists from the city and Delhi.Respecting her wish of not putting her body in Dokhma (also known as the tower of silence as per Parsi customs), she was cremated. Ironically, only Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) mayor Jyoti Pandya and standing committee chairman Dr Vijay Shah - were the two public figures of the city who turned up to pay tributes at her residence in Nizampura and Karelibaug crematorium. All other politicians - be it from Congress or the BJP - who usually do not miss a single opportunity to get clicked - were conspicuous by their absence.Those present recollected how 1990s witnessed a 're-birth' of Homai. \"It was photo historian Satish Sharma from Delhi who had started searching for her. After she left photography in 1970, a year after her husband's death, Homai lived in hiding for decades in Vadodara,\" said Delhi-based multiple media artist and inventor Ashim Ghosh, recollecting how he had first met Homai in 1992 when both of them had put up their solo exhibitions in Delhi.\"She was such a delightful person and despite her age had a sharp understanding of her medium,\" said Ghosh. \"She was happy to have received a tool-box (with hammer and nut bolts) as her 96th birthday gift,!\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505204", "title": "Big cat yet to make an appearance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The entire team of forest officers and experts from Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) are camping in Rahmankhera to trace the tiger but the big cat is still to make an appearance before people.So far, it's only the pugmarks of the tiger which indicate the presence of the big cat in the area. If the feline is still present in Rahmankhera or moved on, is still not known. Those tracking the tiger could still be presuming that it is around.It was on January 8, last Sunday, that the forest department officers confirmed the presence of the big cat in Kakori. The pugmarks were found over 3-4 kms area in Kakori, near Chilauli village in Kakori. The pugmarks showed that the big cat had taken one big round and vanished, said one of the forest staff.The tiger was never spotted in the area. \"It has not been seen till date,\" said the staff. However, to trap the tiger, three cages, with live baits, have been put in Rahmankhera. Sunday, was the third day since goats and a calf were tied to the baits, but the tiger has not even ventured into the close vicinity of the cages. On the basis of pugmarks, it appears to be a juvenile tiger, 3 to 4 years of age. The feline also knows how to hunt its natural prey.The area is full of blue bulls and other wildlife, which is the natural prey of the tiger. The tiger, so far, has only killed and eaten its natural prey, the blue bull.\"It could have eaten about 1.5 quintal of flesh,\" said one Rahul Shukla. The area has water bodies, rich cover and natural prey, making it a preferred habitat for the stray cat. The fact that it has almost negligible human presence could have made it even better.The tiger is believed to have ventured from South Kheri and has travelled about 150 kms, till Kakori. And, nowhere along its movement, was a livestock killing reported. The big cat has not switched over to domestic cattle, and has only killed its natural prey. It's presence was first noticed in Hardoi on January 1. But, since then, the tiger has not been spotted by anyone, forest officers and experts have only be presuming.The forest officers, initially, also said that it could also be a leopard. However, experts said that it is the size of the pugmarks, which gives an impression that it is a tiger.The experts also cry foul that forest department was not carrying out the tracking operation properly.Out of the three cages put at the place, two are meant for trapping leopard and are smaller in size.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505369", "title": "Shut shrine gate triggers clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Violence broke out in the Jorbagh area of south Delhi on Sunday after mourners clashed with the police while trying to break open the rear gate of a shrine. The gate has been under lock and key for several years due to a land dispute, police said. At least 14 policemen and some others were injured in the clashes. A huge contingent of police and paramilitary personnel has been deployed to maintain law and order.Senior police officials said the incident took place around 6pm just before the taazia procession was to be taken out. Pilgrims had gathered at the Shah-e-Mardan shrine to observe the 40th day of the martyrdom of Imam Hussain. And the trigger for the violence was the insistence by a group to open the locked gate.When the police stopped them, sparks flew. Soon the situation went out of control. Crowds surged forward as people broke barricades and forcibly opened the gate near the Karbala. Police estimates put the number of people at over 6,000. Eyewitnesses say there was heavy stone pelting in the lane near the gate in BK Dutt Colony.Fourteen policemen, including four CRPF jawans, an ACP and two inspectors suffered injuries. One of the officers is critical with a head wound. Six residents were also injured and all have been rushed to the AIIMS Trauma Centre.Joint Commissioner of police, southern range, Amulya Patnaik, said, \"The incident took place at BK Dutt colony near the Karbala. We deployed police and initiated a dialogue with the religious leaders to bring the situation under control.\"There were conflicting versions of the incident when TOI visited the spot. While residents alleged the police used force and lobbed teargas shells to disperse the crowd, police officials said they fired teargas shells after efforts to calm the crowd was unsuccessful. Residents alleged teargas shells landed among women who were sitting on the premises. This triggered a stampede-like situation. Locals also claimed gunshots were heard, a claim denied by the police.No case has been registered and police are on high alert. Following the incident, security was enhanced near the Jor Bagh Metro station as well.After violence broke out, senior police officials rushed to the spot and tried to calm tempers through negotiations. By late evening, the situation had been brought under control. Residents, however, were unhappy with the way the police used force to disperse the crowds.Mushir Ali, executive member of Anjuman-E-Haideri and trustee of the shrine, Shah-e-Mardaan, said, the court has asked civic bodies to hand over the disputed land. \"The police had forcibly sealed the gate six months ago at the behest of local residents. We wanted to open it so that women and VIPs could enter from the area. But police resorted to lathicharge instead,\" he alleged. The claim was denied by Rajiv Bansal, lawyer for DDA, the land owning agency of the disputed area. He said the high court had refused to give any relief to the petitioners on January 11 as their petition had already been disposed of. \"Today's conduct is a clear violation of court order and deliberate misinterpretation of the verdict,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11515733", "title": "BJP releases vision document for UP, promises one crore new jobs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Nitin Gadkari on Monday released the party's vision document for the coming Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. The vision document is actually party's manifest which presents a perspective about the future development of the state. It promises to create over 1.5 crore employment opportunities, if voted to power, in next five years.The document in Hindi is titled Hamare Sapnon Ka Uttar Pradesh - Naya Uttar Pradesh, Sarvottam Uttar Pradesh. Gadkari said that document provides a road map to make UP a front-ranking state by following the path of good governance, development and social justice. He said that BJP has proposed a model of balanced development without social and regional disparities, with prosperity and security for all, and with the rejuvenation of the state's glorious heritage of culture, arts and spirituality. The Vision Document was prepared by a 24-member committee headed by senior party leader and former UP assembly speaker Keshari Nath Tripathi.The text of the salient points of the vision document released by the BJPThe vision document is inspired by former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee's optimistic assertion, which he had made a decade ago, that \"Uttar Pradesh is not a bimaru (sick) state but a jhujhaaru (valiant) state. It has the potential to become a sarvottam (front-ranking) state.\"It begins by describing the glorious past of Uttar Pradesh. It pays tribute to the great sons and daughters of the state, belonging to all castes and religious communities, and representing its spiritual heritage, social reform, India's Freedom Movement in 1857 and post-1857 periods, and the fields of culture, arts, sports, journalism. It recognizes the syncretic Ganga-Jamuna tehzeeb (culture) of Uttar Pradesh, acknowledging the contributions of both Hindus and Muslims.This is followed by a description of the ugly and worrisome picture of the present-day Uttar Pradesh. Some of the stark indicators of UP's backwardness are:In the 1950s and '60s, UP's per capita income was fairly comparable to the other leading states in India. Today it is less than two-thirds of the national average.UP's social development indicators are among the lowest in infant mortality, maternal mortality, malnutrition, blindness, rural and urban sanitation, etc.Hundreds of rural children have died due to encephalitis in recent years.Only 55% of UP's 97,134 villages are still not connected by pucca roads.Only 57% of UP's villages are electrified; Only 20% of rural households have electricity.Only 10.3% of households in the state have piped water supply, one-fourth of the national average.Severe regional disparities in the state, with Eastern UP and Bundelkhand lagging behind even Sub-Saharan Africa in the provision of basic necessities of life.Farmers' suicides in Bundelkhand are 568 (in 2009), 583 (2010), 519 (in January-May 2011).The document raises moot question: Who is responsible for this unacceptable state of affairs?Samajwadi Party: The rule of the Samajwadi Party, headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav , is even today known for uncontrolled goondaism, extortion, casteism and communalism. Criminalisation of the ruling party extended to blatant misuse of the administrative machinery and even the police. The people's desire to seek liberation from SP's goonda raj was the main factor that defined the verdict of the Vidhan Sabha elections in 2007. Our state cannot afford a return of this nightmare in 2012.Bahujan Samaj Party: The people's desire for a stable alternative to the SP's criminal misrule resulted in the Bahujan Samaj Party winning a clear majority in the 2007 Vidhan Sabha elections. Five years, it is obvious that, far from being the alternative that the people expected and wanted, the BSP has established a frightening new record in misrule. It is by far the most corrupt government in UP's history. The sheer scale of the ill-gotten wealth amassed by Chief Minister Sushri Mayawati, her close relatives and those who enjoy her patronage is mind-boggling. Her empire of corruption, worth thousands of crore rupees, extends all the way from Noida-Gaziabad in western UP to Gazipur in eastern UP. No major land deal anywhere in the state goes through without a black money component going to the CM's residence or to the various benami/money-laundering companies run by her kith, kin and confidantes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh/khanna", "code": "11505901", "title": "Rs 18.84 crore cash confiscated since Dec 24", "text": "CHANDIGARH/KHANNA: Teams of police and income tax department seized close to Rs 18.84 crore cash and confiscated over 36 lakh ML of foreign liquor between December 24 and January 11 even as habit-forming capsules and tables worth over Rs 10 lakh were seized in Khanna on Sunday.As per the Election Commission statistics, a total cash of Rs 18.84 crore was seized by these teams, while other seizures included - poppy husk 2,101 kg, illicit foreign liquor 36 lakh milliliters (ML) and 82,782 bottles of country wine. Among other seizures, the data shows, the sleuths recovered 8,580.5 kg opium, 6,340 grams heroin, smack 1,577 grams, 'lahan' (a narcotic) 40,344 kg, 32 arms and 147 pieces of ammunition. The teams also seized medicines which were being transported or kept illegally from various parts of the state. The seized items include 85,286 capsules, 1,57,241 tablets and 323 syrup bottles.Meanwhile, police seized 5.75 lakh tablets, 10,000 capsules, around 900 injections and 1,150 syrups and arrested father-son duo from Ludhiana, who were driving an Innova laden with seized habit-forming drugs.Police suspect that since youngsters prefer medical habit-forming drugs instead of liquor, politicians might have a hand in bringing such a big consignment of drugs to the area. Police have started investigations and have identified four local medicine shop owners, who had placed orders for the drugs.\"We suspect the drugs were meant for election to woo young voters. We have identified four local shopkeepers, who were waiting for the drugs,\" said SSP Khanna Mandip Singh Sidhu. The arrested Jagdish along with his son Jatin run a medicine store in Bhindi Street of Ludhiana and both were allegedly trying to deliver the consignment of drugs to Khanna-based medicine shopkeepers.Though Khanna police arrested both from Khanna, but how both reached till Khanna from Ludhiana despite strict directions of ECI to check all vehicles to contain the supply of drugs and liquor, no one knows. Both the accused reportedly enjoy good relations with some local influential persons and the phones of cop immediately started ringing after the arrest of both to \"request\" cops to save both. \"We have registered an FIR under sections 22, 25 of NDPS Act against Jagdish and his son Jatin,\" said SSP Sidhu.Meanwhile, Amritsar rural police seized 2,90,850 ml of illicit liquor, 420 kilogram lahan, 300 grams toxic powder from Bias, Mattewal, Raja Sansi, Ajnala, Chatiwind and Tarsikka areas.Amritsar city police seized 12 bottles of English wine, 260 gms of toxic powder, 580 grams charas, 600 grams heroin and Rs 1,65,000 from Ranjeet Avenue Area. TNN &amp; agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11504996", "title": "60,000 vote for preferred colour on IT Park wall", "text": "INDORE: The MP Road Development Corporation (MPRDC) move to conduct an opinion poll to select colour shade of the outer wall of Crystal IT Park has received a good response as over 60,000 people have expressed their opinion on colour and shades by Sunday evening.Officials believe opinions would touch the one lakh mark. The three-day opinion poll started on January 14 and it will conclude on January 16. The result of the poll will be declared on January 18. However, initial estimates suggest Silver Rough has emerged as a first choice of the people.Till Sunday evening 23,503 people have voted for Silver Rough followed by Permastone which has got 23,006 votes official sources informed. Almond, Fawn, Desarto have receive minimum votes-only 438 people have expressed their liking for the colour. Apricot Pearl, Pinkvapor, Agra Red has got 2,516 votes and Granito, Naturoplast Dark-light have received 10,597 votes. Some of believes that Silver Rough would be the choice colour of Crystal IT park, as people want soothing colour for the building.MPRDC has installed stalls at Rajwada and Crystal IT Park where people can vote for the colour of their choice. Along with this people can also vote on the official website of MPRDC. People have been give five colour choices with the photograph of the building in that particular colour.Recently MPRDC managing director Vivek Agrawal had inspected the progress of the work and he had announced that colour shade of the building will be decided by an opinion poll. Agrawal had instructed the contractor to finish the work by March, so that IT companies can start operating out of the building from April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507693", "title": "Sanjay Gupta and Kunal Kohli clash over ZNMD", "text": "Sanjay Gupta and Kunal Kohli clash over whether Zoya's film is a rip-off of FandangoSanjay Gupta, who has often been accused of plagiarism, was part of a heated debate over a film, the film in question being Zoya Akhtar's much hyped Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara .At a jury meeting held last week for a an awards ceremony, there was a near-walkout as filmmakers Sanjay Gupta and Kunal Kohli had an ugly spat over the originality of ZNMD.While Kohli was all for ZNMD, Gupta vehemently opposed the selection, arguing that the film was a 'rip-off' of a 1985 American film Fandango. Another jury member revealed on condition of anonymity, \"We had gone down the list and more or less decided all the other winners unanimously. There was a tie between ZNMD and another popular film for Best Picture.Three jury members had voted for either. Gupta arrived a bit late and as soon as he heard that ZNMD was one of the top contenders, he put his foot down, claiming the film is a carbon copy of Fandango. Now, that was a new one for us. Most of us had never heard of this film.\"Kohli was apparently very upset with Gupta's accusation, however Gupta insisted. \"He even offered to arrange DVDs of Fandango for all the jury members,\" said the source. And they all watched it. \"While a few of us did see some striking similarities between the two films, Kohli was unconvinced. He spoke about how it was alleged that his film Hum Tum too was a rip-off of When Harry Met Sally,\" the source disclosed.Kohli, along with another jury member, even threatened to walk out if ZNMD wasn't considered. The scene turned incredibly ugly, so much so that Shekhar Kapur , who was heading the jury in absentia from New York , had to intervene on the Internet before a truce could be called and a decision made.When contacted, Gupta refused to comment on the stormy session. When asked about the similarities between her film and Fandango, Akhtar shot back, \"Why don't you watch Fandango and answer the question yourself?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503449", "title": "Run for a prized purpose", "text": "Tanaji Lalawade participated in the full marathon (amateur) just to prove to himself that he could take up a challenge like completing the 42.195 km run. Not only did the 25-year-old farmer from Kolhapur complete the marathon, he did so before anyone else. Besides the sense of fulfillment, waiting for him at the end of the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon this year was the prize money announced for amateurs too.Like Tanaji, over 1000 enthusiasts braved the chill at 5.40am for the run. In a welcome twist in the route for many, the sea link phase came before the marathon reached the half-way mark. And the prize was another incentive at the end. \"I had no clue I'll win on my first attempt at the full marathon,\" said Tanaji, who won $1000. \"Since I still haven't got the money, I'm not sure how I will spend it,\" he added.Gopal Arjun, CFO of a media company, at his 10th full marathon, was very happy with his timing. \"I finished in 4 hours and 50 minutes, my best ever,\" said Arjun, who has run three New York City marathons, one Chicago marathon, one Singapore marathon and five Mumbai marathons. \"I'll run the Tokyo marathon in February,\" he added. Bibekanand Tripathy (72) who ran under the 'Super Veteran' category, was happy to finish. \"I am fit and fine and look forward to some more marathons,\" he said.This year's edition may not have been quite the crowd-puller like its previous editions, but it surely clicked with the runners, thanks to a decision to changing the route. \"For the last two years, I would think of giving up the run midway once on the Bandra-Worli Sea Link. This year, we got past the sea link while the weather was still nice and cool,\" said Avduth Pandey (34), participating in the full marathon for the third time.For two years, full marathon runners would start their race from CST and take the sea link on their way back to the finish line, in the scorching sun, and many complained about feeling dehydrated and tired. This year, runners took the BWSL in the first half of their run.Not everyone welcomed the change. Marathon veteran Milind Soman, who clocked four hours, said, \"In the earlier route, you knew you were closer to the finish line once off the sea link and psychologically felt relieved. This year was a little difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504498", "title": "Fight for fancy nos gets dense in UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the first time in UT, a record total of over 100 VIP numbers will go under the hammer on January 17, following the unprecedented response of applicants for the next auction of new vehicle registration number series (CH01AL). The registration and licensing authority would finish distributing letters to the applicants by Monday. For many reasons, including numerology, superstition and status symbol, the craze of VIP and chosen numbers has been rising among city residents.Of the total 619 vehicle numbers RLA has for auction this time, 498 numbers received only single applications while more than one person applied for the remaining 121 numbers. About 350 participants would participate in the auction for these 121 numbers of the CH01AL series.\"We are shocked to see the number of applications this time for the auction of new vehicle number series. There are many applicants who are participating in the auction just for the craze of a fancy number,\" said a senior RLA official.Few months ago, Sector 33-C resident Narinder Singh Shergill purchased the '0001' vehicle registration number of CH01AC series for Rs 10 lakh against the reserve price of Rs 25,000.Shergill, an agriculturist, said \"I had six dream numbers and I had applied for all of those. I wasn't particular about any, but just wanted a fancy one for my brand new SUV. I had decided upon a budget of Rs 10 lakh and wouldn't have taken the number if it crossed that amount.\"City based businessman Kedar Nath, who purchased '1777' of CH01AK series for his new sedan said, \"Seven is very lucky for me as far as my business is concerned, therefore I had made up my mind to purchase the number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506318", "title": "Mayawati goes Sarvajan for 2007 redux", "text": "LUCKNOW: Looking to arrest anti-incumbency, the Bahujan Samaj Party on Sunday gave tickets to many new faces, while relying on its tested 'Sarvajan' formula. Party supremo and UP CM Mayawati released the list of 403 candidates, and general secretary SC Mishra said nearly 100 MLAs were denied tickets following adverse feedback.The 'Sarvajan' formula of dalit, Brahmin, Muslim and most backward classes, which brought the party to power with a majority in 2007, is being adhered to. In fact, a closer inspection reveals that Muslims have got a bigger share of the Sarvajan pie compared to Brahmins.The BSP has fielded 88 dalits, three more than the number of reserved seats in UP. As many as 85 tickets have gone to Muslims, 113 to OBC/MBCs, and 117 to upper castes. Among the upper castes, Brahmins are 74; Thakurs 33; and Vaishya, Kayasth and Punjabi Khatri consist 10. In 2007, BSP had fielded 86 Brahmins (43 won), 61 Muslims (29 won), 89 dalits (59 won), 120 OBC/MBC (55 won) and 47 others (16 won).Party sources said more Muslims candidates have been fielded to counter the minority quota ploy of the Congress. \"This is the first step towards fulfilling our promise to give representation to Muslims in ticket distribution and important assignments in the government,\" said a senior party leader. Among Brahmins, a few sitting MLAs have got tickets, but most of them have been fielded on tough seats. Party has also given ticket to over a dozen members of Kushwaha and affiliated communities to offset Babu Singh Kushwaha's ouster.Mayawati said she has denied ticket to corrupt and criminal elements. \"Their company spoilt some of the leaders from the cadre,\" she said. The rejects included over 20 ministers sacked by Mayawati on charges of corruption.Among powerful MLAs denied ticket are Sushil Singh, Jitendra Singh, DP Yadav and Awadhpal Singh Yadav. Party claimed that tainted MLAs have been denied in view of anti-corruption sentiments following Anna's movement. But, a few family members of MLAs facing corruption charges have got tickets. Shikha Mishra, wife of health minister Anant Mishra who was a casualty of NRHM scam, has been put up from Maharajpur, Kanpur.State BSP president Swami Prasad Maurya will contest from Padrauna, Kushinagar; his daughter Sanghpriya from Aliganj, Etah, and her son Utkarsh from Unchahar, Rae Bareli. Energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay is contesting from Sikandaramau in Hathras and his younger brother, Vinod Upadhyay from Dibai in Bulandshahr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "11505301", "title": "Rajasthan govt announces job, cash help for Bhanwari's kids", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: The government of Rajasthan on Sunday announced a \"rehabilitation\" package for the three children of Bhanwari Devi, the government nurse, who was killed on September 1 last year allegedly at the behest of politicians.The government announced a job for Bhanwari devi's eldest son Sahil (18) and Rs 2 lakh each for the two daughters-Ashwin (15) and Gungun (5).\"The government shall open bank accounts in the name of the two daughters to deposit the amounts announced for them,\" said a senior official.The family is surviving on a meager pension of what their grandmother Pooni Devi is entitled to. \"The district administration has already initiated the process of giving them a package as per the entitlement under the SC/ST provisions and other schemes of the state government and accelerating the process of finalizing the pension of Bhanwari Devi,\" collector, Jodhpur, Siddharth Mahajan told TOI.Her son Sahil will now be entitled for the job in the Medical &amp; Health department on compassionate grounds in lieu of his mother's job.An additional 1.5 lakh will be given to the family jointly by Rajasthan, Maharashtra police, and the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11504540", "title": "Pawar steps in to stem Thane infighting", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP leader Sharad Pawar has called senior party leader Vasant Davkhare for a meeting on Monday amid rumours that the NCP supremo is concerned about the factional divide within the party ranks in Thane, which is scheduled to witness polls on February 16.Voicing dissent against NCP's city unit chief Jitendra Awhad, two party leaders, MLC Subhash Bhoir and corporator Sudhir Bhagat, who owe allegiance to Davkhare, quit the NCP recently. Another senior leader, Dashrath Patil, also left the party.Sources said that the NCP supremo's meeting with Davkhare aims at forging an understanding between the warring camps. Awhad's proximity to Pawar is well known.The divide in Thane was also a point of discussion at the party's parliamentary board meeting which took place on Sunday. Office bearers of the state NCP unit, including deputy CM Ajit Pawar, were present at the meeting, which was attended by both Davkhare and Awhad. While the meeting was primarily to review the party's strategy for Thane polls, sources said an attempt to settle the dispute between the two factions was attempted at the meeting as well.\"Problems exist between members in every household. These have now been resolved and we would work together to bring NCP to power in Thane,\" Awhad said, adding that the party was keen to fight the elections in alliance with the Congress.The parliamentary board reviewed the party position and strategy for municipal corporations and zilla parishads in Konkan, Marathwada and western Maharashtra. While NCP plans to contest most ZPs alone, it has plans to form alliances with Congress in some areas. in areas of the some ZPs In Raigad, for instance, The two parties might form an alliance with the Congress in Panvel, Khalapur, Uran, Karjat and Alibaug. Local leaders from both sides sealed this arrangement on Sunday.Voicing dissent against NCP's city unit chief Jitendra Awhad, two party leaders- MLA Subhash Bhoir and corporator Sudhir Bhagat-owing allegiance to Davkhare and another senior leader Devram Bhoir have quit NCP.Another prominent leader Dashrath Patil, though not known to be part of the Davkhare camp, also quit the party and joined Sena.Sources said that NCP supremo's meeting with Davkhare would aim to forge an understanding between the warring camps. Awhad's proximity to Pawar is well known.The factional divide in Thane was also a point of discussion at the party's parliamentary board meeting, which took place on Sunday. Office bearers of the state NCP unit, including deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, were present at the meeting, which was attended by both Davkhare and Awhad. While the meeting was primarily to review the party's strategy for Thane polls, sources said an attempt to settle the dispute between the two factions was attempted at the meeting too.\"Problems exist between members in every household. These have now been resolved and we would work together to bring NCP to power in Thane,\" Awhad told newspersons. Awhad said that the party was keen to fight the elections in alliance with Congress. Sources said that both parties are likely to clinch the deal within two days.Meanwhile, the parliamentary board reviewed party position and strategy for municipal corporations and Zilla Parishads in Konkan, Marathwada and Western Maharashtra. While NCP plans to contest most ZPs alone, it has plans to form alliances with Congress in areas of the some ZPs. In Raigad, for instance, the two parties might form an alliance in Panvel, Khalapur, Uran, Karjat and Alibaug. Local leaders from both sides sealed this arrangement on Sunday.Meanwhile, Congress and NCP leaders from Mumbai will sit again on Monday for finalising the seat arrangement. With the seat sharing for only four to five seats remaining, both sides are hoping to declare the final arrangement by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11503033", "title": "Half the distance, full enthusiasm", "text": "Bandra woke up to a carnival of sorts as around 14,000 people gathered for the 21 km half-marathon with an enthusiasm that dispelled the morning chill. The marathon was flagged off at 6.15 am and as the city stirred to the first hours of light, some had already crossed the Bandra-Worli sea link and were headed to Haji Ali.For experienced runners, the run was a cakewalk, for first timers it was a test of strength and fitness. Vidya Raja (73), running the half-marathon for the fifth consecutive year, said she exercises daily for at least two hours and the marathon was a way to keep fit. \"Last time, I took three hours to finish the run. This time, though a year older, I want to better it by a few minutes at least,\" she said. Akanksha Mohan (29) was running for the first time without much practice. \"I am a fairly active person and can pull this through,\" she said confidently just before the run.According to official figures, 13,682 Indian nationals participated in the half-marathon of which 11,035 were men and 2,647 women.At Worli, locals came out to distribute lemonade, biscuits and chocolates to the participants. Jagannath Vasudev waited with lemon juice for his daughter-in-law, who was running the half-marathon for the first time, while Pushpa Sangvi, another Worli resident, was busy distributing biscuits to all runners passing through the area.Many managed to better their records. Baijinder Singh, who is with the Indian army, finished the run in one hour 23 minutes, seven minutes less than last year. \"It is an achievement to me. I will reduce the running time more next year,\" said Singh, one of the first few to finish the run. Argentina national Blanka Black ran for the first time to support an NGO for children's education. \"I took three hours and it was really tiring. But running for a cause has made it all worth the effort.\"Though most runners enjoyed the marathon, many also complained that the event was less lively this time. \"I have seen more cheering all though the marathon route in the past five years that I have ran in Mumbai. Also, exit routes from the finishing line were not clear. One seems to be moving in a labyrinth,\" said a 35-year-old executive assistant with a firm, who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11505229", "title": "Chehallum procession taken out", "text": "LUCKNOW: On Sunday, the traditional Chehallum processsion was taken out to mark the 40th day of martyrdom of Imam Hussain, grandson of Prophet Muhammad. Minor clashes were reported from Old City areas during the procession. However, heavy police force deployed at the spot controlled the situation.To mark the 40th day of martyrdom of Imam Hussain, grandson of Prophet who attained martyrdom in Karbala 1400 years ago, Chehallum procession is taken out in a grand and traditional manner in the city. As per the tripartite agreement between district administration, Shias and Sunni sects done on April 25, 1999, the Chehallum procession every year is taken out from Imambara Nazim Saheb that culminates at Talkatora Karbala. On Sunday, the procession started from Imambara Nazim Saheb after Maulana Kalbe Jawad addressed a huge gathering of mourners (majlis). It then passed through Shia PG College, Nakhas, Bazar Khala Police station and finally reached Eveready crossing at 5:30 pm. Here another group tried to take out a procession from a local disputed mosque. Another group which was not a part of any procession showed resistance.There were verbal arguments followed by clashes between the two groups. Stone pelting from both sides started which continued for more than half an hour.The police interrupted and brought the situation under control. The procession was then passed amidst heavy security which culminated at Talkatora Karbala at 6:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11504320", "title": "Insistence on veto may delay UNSC reform process, Germany tells India", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the issue of expansion of UNSC permanent membership gathers momentum, Germany for the first time has openly warned India that its insistence on veto rights for new permanent members will not just delay the reform process but also not help in turning the UNSC into a more decisive body.This assertion, made in an exclusive interaction with TOI by Ruprecht Polenz , the chief of foreign relations committee of Bundestag, the lower house of Germany's Parliament, and a key member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union party, has further laid bare fissures within the G-4 - India, Germany, Japan and Brazil -- which is together seeking permanent membership in an expanded UNSC.\"I think the veto question should be reconsidered because too many blocking powers will not lead to a decisive body,\" Polenz told TOI.\"I can understand it coming from India, a nation of 1.2 billion people, but if you want a body which can take decisions, you should not aim for more blocking competencies. But I admit it is a difficult choice to make for India, the second largest country in terms of population,\" he added.Unlike Germany, which is open to inclusion of more members even without veto power, India wants the veto issue to be settled before any expansion. However, realizing that its stand could be used by others to block any expansion, India announced in 2010 that it was ready for delayed veto rights to new members of the Security Council.India's envoy to the UN Hardeep Puri said in 2010 that the new permanent members \"shall not exercise the right of veto until the question of the extension of the right of veto to new permanent members has been decided upon in the framework of the review mandated 15 years after the entry into force of the Council reform\". According to Puri, this was to ensure that the \"veto does not veto Council reforms\".This has been looked upon as a compromise solution to the veto issue but Polenz said the only reform Germany saw happening in the near future was in the form of intermediary steps with new members joining for 5 or 10-year terms without any veto rights. \"Apart from this, I don't see any real reform. In any case, any reform will have to come with the consent of the P-5 countries and we have to see if these countries are ready to accept less power in a reformed Council,\" Polenz said.\"In fact, they have to decide if they want to remain more powerful in a Council which has ceased to have any general legitimacy or they are ready to have less power in a Council which is more representative of the 21st century world,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11515505", "title": "Oprah Winfrey in Mumbai, visits Bachchans", "text": "MUMBAI: Famous talkshow host Oprah Winfrey is in Mumbai. She will be shooting for the next chapter of her talkshow with Deepak Chopra .Oprah visited the Bachchan residence on Monday evening to meet Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and the entire family. A source said: \"Oprah is likely to interview the Bachchan family for the show. Aishwarya has been part of her show in the past.\"Amitabh Bachchan tweeted: \"The gracious Oprah Winfrey visits our home, to meet us and bless the baby..warm hearted, endearing .. drive her to party in her honor.\"Oprah will be attending a dinner hosted by Parameshwar Godrej later. Many Bollywood personalities are likely to attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505240", "title": "Caution boards must on roads being built: Activist", "text": "PUNE: Lack of proper road safety measures on highways, particularly when construction is in progress, is one of the reasons for the increasing number of accidents, said road safety activist Chandmal Parmar on Thursday.A number of highways, roads and flyovers are being built, widened or redeveloped on build operate and transfer basis by contractors. Road contractors, consultants as well as state government agencies are responsible for implementing road safety measures, Parmar said.Proper road safety measures need to be in place to reduce accidents, as well as traffic jams, he said. Caution boards as well as 'go slow' boards should be installed after every one km. Retro reflective tapes should be displayed on sites where construction works are in progress, he added.Proper barricades should be put up at all construction sites. Traffic diversion boards of proper size should be installed at least 15 metres ahead of the diversion point.The construction agency, he said, should deploy trained staff for traffic management at construction sites. Diversion roads should be properly asphalted or tarred so that there are no potholes or damages.The government authorities, Parmar said, should make it mandatory for the contractors to put up boards of the National Highway Authority of India or the ministry of road transport and highways, giving complete details of the highway or road project being constructed. The boards should also have contact numbers of the authorities concerned so that the people can contact them for any on-road assistance.People going on long road journeys with their families should take proper road safety measures to avoid accidents, Parmar said. With frequent occurrences of accidents involving vehicles, wherein a group of members of a family are killed, Parmar said, drivers were not aware about road conditions of the places they visit.Road accidents occur due to the fault of drivers, or mechanical defects in vehicles. The road condition, traffic scenario is also responsible for mishaps. Drivers should be cautious and avoid travelling at high speeds, particularly at night or during early morning hours, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11500985", "title": "UP's new star caste", "text": "Every election in Uttar Pradesh springs a surprise by throwing up a new paradigm. In the 2007 assembly polls, Mayawati astonished everyone by bagging a majority on her own on the strength of a historic rainbow coalition that arched over the entire caste spectrum and rallied anti-Yadav forces behind her to oust Mulayam Singh's \"goonda raj\". Two years later, in Lok Sabha 2009, it was the Congress that dumbfounded pundits by coming second in a split verdict after Mayawati's dalit-Brahmin axis splintered.The template is shifting again with UP 2012 turning into a relentless race for other backward caste (OBC) and most backward caste (MBC) votes. For the first time, the smaller castes are grabbing eyeballs and could well prove to be the game-changers in the country's most populous and politically influential state.The importance of the emerging OBC-MBC matrix is evident from the way the two national parties - BJP and Congress - have plunged into the chase. Both have shed their distaste for the caste-based poll arithmetic that has been the hallmark of the politics perfected by Mayawati and Mulayam and moved away from their traditional reliance on the upper castes. This time, they are focussing with single-minded determination on the smaller castes that make up the middle and lower orders of UP society.Their candidates' lists tell a fascinating story of change. Although the lists are not complete yet, the trend is clear. The Congress has already named around 90 nominees from the OBC and MBC groups, which is at least double the number it fielded in 2007. The BJP's list is expected to be on similar lines.The jump is staggering. This faceless, amorphous collection of disparate interest groups, estimated to account for 52% of the state's population, has remained beyond the pale of both parties. But in a political paradigm defined by the competing hegemonies of Mulayam's Yadavs and Mayawati's Jatavs, the smaller castes are seen as floating votes that are up for grabs.This is a model successfully adopted by Nitish Kumar in neighbouring Bihar, now being tested by the Congress and BJP in UP. Nitish deconstructed the demographics of his state to zero in on myriad smaller castes looking to throw off the domination of the Yadavs. He grouped them into an MBC list and shaped his politics around them. His efforts paid off in the 2010 state polls with a massive sweep for the JD(U)-BJP combine.Till Mayawati overturned the social dynamics in UP, it was Mulayam who gave political space to the smaller castes. The most famous face he promoted was the late dacoit queen , Phoolan Devi from the mallah (boatman) caste, who won two Lok Sabha terms in 1996 and 1999. The 2007 polls marked an exodus of Yadav-weary OBC and MBC groups from the SP fold to the BSP, paving the way for Mayawati's victory. Since then, she has determinedly wooed these castes, sending representatives of OBC groups like Baghel and Saini to the upper houses of Parliament and the UP assembly.Interestingly, the BJP indulged in a brief flirtation with a section of these castes at the height of its mandir agitation when it promoted a Lodh face in Kalyan Singh. The affair did not last long because of opposition from the upper castes, which were the backbone of the party in UP and resented this social engineering experiment.If the Congress and the BJP have decided today to wade into terrain managed and controlled by the BSP and SP, it's because they have realised the extent to which they have been marginalised by the social churning in UP thanks to their blinkered dependence on the waning influence of the upper castes. Two and a half decades of steady political, economic and social empowerment have generated huge aspirations among smaller groups traditionally ignored by the bigger players. Once upon a time, these groups were content to move along with the hege-monic castes and pick up crumbs. Not any longer. Increasingly, they want independent identities in their own spaces.But floating votes are not easy to harness. The OBCs and MBCs are neither homogeneous, nor do they vote as a block. They are also scattered across the state, often in small pockets, which probably explains why they have not evolved as a unified political entity. It requires a thorough understanding of the complexities of the caste grid to play the numbers game successfully. The BJP tried once and failed. Now the Congress, spurred on by Rahul Gandhi , has jumped in. It's a radical gambit but a risky one as others have discovered, including the Mandal messiah V P Singh.As the line-up takes shape, there is considerable unease in conventional quarters that the Congress and BJP in UP are going the way of the SP and BSP by falling prey to opportunistic caste politics. It would certainly seem that the chase for OBC and MBC votes is fragmenting the polity further by creating divisions within the bottom layers and pitting the smaller castes against each other. On the other hand, if mainstream national parties are feeling the pressure to give hitherto ignored groups a political voice, UP 2012 may help to shatter yet another barrier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11504272", "title": "Govt may bring back resigned cop", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government may reinstate a senior police officer who had resigned from service under \"compelling circumstances\" and \"tremendous mental pressure\" during the agitation at Jangalmahal in 2008.Talks are on to explore the possibility of re-inducting Sisir Das, then an additional SP, who had resigned in November 2008. The government has not yet issued any formal order for his release, so there won't be any technical issue coming in the way to take him back, say officials.On January 10 , DGP Naparajit Mukherjee wrote in a note to home secretary G D Gautama that the possibility of reinstating Das may be looked into. Mukherjee wrote, \"On examination it appears that Das submitted his resignation reportedly under compelling circumstances for illogical and whimsical verbal order of senior officers endangering security aspects of junior officers under their control, followed by tremendous mental pressure\". However, in his resignation letter, Das had not mentioned any of this, and simply said he resigned \"due to personal reasons\".This development may or may not have anything to do with the fact that Das had recently written to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and wanted to talk to her about some officers.After the Maoist attack close to the convoy of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee in West Midnapore in 2008, local people - with backing of Maoists - had begun protesting police atrocities in the name of raids. They had cut roads and additional forces were required with Maoists almost taking over the area.Das was tranferred to Jangalmahal from North 24 Parganas. He was then posted at Pirakata. However, when he was asked to go to Kalaimuri one afternoon, he refused saying the road to Kalaimuri wasn't sanitized and there could be landmines.Das was also denied of a written order and was reportedly threatened by some seniors. The officer is learnt to have told some colleagues that he did not want to face the humiliation of suspension after so many years in service and resigned two days later, on November 16, 2008.Rajesh Kumar Singh was the SP of West Midnapore and Anup Bhushan Vohra was the DGP at that time. Das had a strained relation with Vohra and differences between the two had started when the former was the SDPO in Haldia during Nandigram agitation.For the past few years, the circumstances in which Das had resigned was being looked into and now the government seems to have found somewhat of an answer. Das refused to comment on this, but it is learnt that he has not been getting his salary, and neither can join any new service as the government has not yet released him. DGP Naparajit Mukherjee also refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11505146", "title": "KSRTC to look into complaints about buses bypassing mobility hub", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) has at last decided to act upon the complaints regarding state-run buses bypassing the Vytilla Mobility Hub during night.Though transport minister V S Shivakumar said buses would operate through the hub during night from January 7, passengers as well as Vytilla Mobility Hub Society (VMHS) had complained that the decision was not being implemented.\"I have received certain complaints and asked the department to conduct an enquiry into it. The KSRTC headquarters has already issued an order to re-route buses through the hub during night,\" said KSRTC zonal officer P L Jose.In order to make the hub operational round-the-clock, the authorities had decided to ply 32 long distance buses through it during night. With buses failing to enter the terminus at scheduled time, passengers are often left to wait for long hours.VMHS managing director M Beena also said buses were not sticking to the schedule. The time-gap between bus services creates inconvenience to passengers.\"We are yet to publish bus timings, especially of those buses that operate at night,\" she said.She also pointed out the need for creating more passenger awareness regarding the services and facilities available at the hub. The possibility of introducing online reservation is also being explored.There is also a demand for KSRTC to operate intra-city bus service in Kochi between 9pm and 6am. \"KSRTC will look into this issue as they get new buses next month,\" said Beena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505003", "title": "MSMEs seek revival of small industry body", "text": "INDORE: Taking a cue from the ongoing talks for reviving the sick industrial units in the state via Udyog Mitra Yojana, the micro, small &amp; medium enterprises (MSMEs) sector in the state also has demanded the government to revitalise the MP Small Scale IndustryCorporation to help it come out of the blues. The idea was to get the MSMEs in the state various benefits under the schemes being run by the Centre for them. As of now, the MSME sector in the state was not able to get the benefits of even 15% of the Centre-sponsored schemes meant for them. The representatives of the MSMEs had recently submitted a memorandum to the state government in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11515882", "title": "CBI court convicts 61 in fodder scam case", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Monday convicted 61 accused, including the nephew of former Bihar chief minister Jagannath Mishra, in a fodder scam case. The case was related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 14.52 crore from the Jamshedpur treasury during 1991-95.Special CBI judge P K Singh also sentenced 20 of the 61 convicts to rigorous imprisonment (RI) ranging from one to three years and imposed a fine from Rs 60,000 to Rs 3 lakh.The court will announce the judgment for the remaining 41 convicts, including three senior government officials K M Prasad, Junul Bhengra and K N Jha, on Wednesday.Terming the conviction a major success, CBI senior superintendent of police R C Chaudhary said this was one of the important cases of the 52 cases lodged by them in 1996. The total worth of fodder scam involving former chief ministers Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra that had rocked united Bihar was of around Rs 900 crore.Special CBI advocate S R Das said R K Mishra, Jagannath Mishra's nephew who was one of the suppliers of the animal husbandry department, was convicted for three years RI. \"He will also have to pay Rs 1.5 lakh fine. In case the convicts fail to pay, they will have to serve additional imprisonment of six months.\"Others who were imprisoned were three government officials Anant Pandey, Kodai Ram and A K Pathak. All were sentenced to three years RI and have to pay Rs 80,000 fine.\"The court also convicted Sairu Nisa, the wife of businessman Mohammad Syed, and Kailash Mani Kashyap, the daughter of businessman Dayananad Kashyap, for three years and one year RI respectively,\" said Das. The two women were also associated with the animal husbandry department as suppliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503742", "title": "Court upholds cop\u2019s murder conviction", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has upheld the conviction of a Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) constable for killing his own brother and sister-in-law.A division bench of Justices Mohan Shantanagoudar and Vegi Suri Appa Rao declined to interfere with the June 29, 2007 verdict of the district and sessions court, Davanagere, that had awarded life sentence to BA Hanumanthappa, a police constable with 8th battalion of KSRP squad.The bench observed that Hanumanthappa was on leave from October 6 to 27, 2006 and hadn't been able to explain how he came in possession of gold ornaments worn by his sister-in-law, Indiramma. His mobile phone records also indicated his presence near his brother's residence during October 12-15, it said.The trial court had found Shimoga resident Hanumanthappa guilty of murdering his brother Thimma Shetty and wife Indiramma and robbing them on October 13/14, 2006. The accused had set the cot, on which their bodies lay, on fire to make it look like a case of suicide.The trial court had also imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 for murder, seven-year imprisonment with Rs10,000 fine for robbery and five-year imprisonment with Rs 5,000 for destroying evidence.Hanumanthappa was accused of assaulting Thimma Shetty with a chisel. He also attacked Indiramma when she rushed to her husband's rescue. After committing murder, Hanumamthappa is said to have removed the mangalya chain from Indiramma's neck (weighing 41.30 gms) and another necklace weighing 12 gms. He later sold both the ornaments to two pawnbrokers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11504765", "title": "Forest department to set up eco-tourism centre", "text": "NASHIK: To attract more tourists to Nashik, the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) is planning to set up an eco-tourism centre at its 105-acre nursery near Makhmalabad village in Nashik. \"The project, which will be set up on 8 acres of land, will include a children's park, garden, furnished Swiss cottage tents, cafeteria centre, restaurants, etc. The project is estimated to cost Rs 53 lakh and will be funded by the Central government under compensatory aforestation management programme (CAMPA),\" H R Shaikh, range forest officer, Nashik division (Makhmalabad range), said.\"A separate garden will be developed on 15,000 sq ft of land in two phases in the next five years. The whole place will be decorated with colourful hedges, shrubs palms and landscaped structures. To provide accommodation to tourists, we will set up 15 Swiss cottage tents, with kitchen and cafeteria facilities. The cafeteria will be run by local villagers to promote and to have participation of the local villages in eco-tourism activity. A nature information centre will be set up there with an aim to boost the knowledge of schoolchildren regarding the environmen. Various activities, including slide, nature show, nature quizzes and games will be conducted there.\"The FDCM's nursery is located within the limits of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and was established in 1974-75. Since then, various forestry activities have been undertaken there.The Makhmalabad nursery is a serene verdant oasis well-connected by road. Without much hassles of travelling, tourists can reach this tranquil location, serving as a outdoor treasure house of flora. The nursery comprises varied diversity of species of plants, birds, reptiles and insects. The area is rich in terms of bio-diversity.\"The eco-tourism programme revolves around the various facts of nature waiting to be explored and experienced. Tourists end up enjoying and experiencing the intricacies of nature and at the same time nature is spared of the negative impact of tourism. Excursions in the forest are thrilling experiences and the pollution-free, tranquil environment rejuvenates both body and mind,\" he said.\"Besides, we are setting up a herbal garden on additional 10 acres in Makhmalabad Nursery. We have already planted 40 varieties of herbs available across the country. Total 8,000 saplings have already been planted in last four-five months. All information regarding herbs will be provided to the tourists. The varieties of verbs, which have been planted, include aonla sarpagandha, shatavari, umbar, adulsa, dikamali, guggul, vavding, hirda and gokharu,\" said Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505031", "title": "Till the end, her zest for life was undimmed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Memory would often fail Homai Vyarawalla, India's first woman photojournalist, in the last years of her life. But she remembered almost everything about her working days in razor sharp detail. This correspondent came to know a little bit about the woman behind the photographer while staying in Vadodara in 2009.\"My soul is young, it is my body that is ageing,\" she had said then. \"It reminds me I am old when I walk, work or even eat. But I don't give in. Your generation has trouble with life due to lifestyle. In our time, food and air were much better. We worked a lot more. I have no unfinished wish. To remain happy, you have to live for the moment, not trapped in the past or crave for the future.\"She made Vadodara her home after the death of her son some 15 years ago and spent her days tending her garden. \"I do the plumbing of my house myself,\" she would say. \"I also do a lot of embroidery. Small innovations keep me busy. One of my friends gifted me a toolkit on my 96th birthday. So I keep improvising on machines and objects.\" She had even made a tong out of photography instruments and a potato peeler from tin pipes - one of her own inventions.Homai also had an interesting system at her home - a bell like the ones used in temples. One would have to pull the string and ring the bell to get entry into her home.She hated receiving flowers from guests. \"Why do flowers become the first casualty in any relationship?\" she would ask. \"Let them grow. Please don't bring dead flowers to me.\"During that meeting in 2009, she had said she had seen many of her loved ones die. \"I don't know what I am doing here. There might be some unfinished task,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11502433", "title": "14-year-old girl gangraped", "text": "VARANASI: A 14-year-old girl was gangraped by some youths allegedly belonging to a 'Nutt gypsy group' camping in Purfaguhi area under Machhalishehar police station limits in Jaunpur district on Saturday night.According to reports, the girl had gone to a field near her residence when three youths also entered the field and raped her. On hearing her cries, her uncle ran towards the field. But before he could reach there, the rapists fled. Girl's family lodged a named FIR in this connection. All the accused youths were absconding. Police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504321", "title": "Show-cause notice issued to 400 schools", "text": "PATNA: Education minister P K Shahi on Sunday rebuffed the opposition's demand for a CBI inquiry into double enrolment of students in various government schools to benefit themselves from government schemes such as midday meal, CM's Uniform Scheme and CM's Cycle Scheme for girl students. The department has served show-cause notices on 400 schools to explain the situation.Shahi, who was accompanied by the department's principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh and Bihar Education Project (BEP) director Rajesh Bhushan, said, \"An irregularity, or an instance of discrepancy and anomaly, could be called a scam only if the money or benefit involved gets into the hands of some other party, not the beneficiaries. Here, in the case of double enrolment, students actually got the benefits. It has become a fashion with the opposition to demand CBI inquiry.\"Nor would the education department order filing of first information reports (FIRs) for the reason that the accused, in the first instance, would be school management, parents of students, and also students who enjoyed benefits by double enrolment, he said. According to Shahi, during its first (2005-10) term, Nitish government went for quantitative expansion of the reach of primary, middle and secondary education in the state. Accordingly, it opened 19,000 additional elementary schools, upgraded 18,000 primary schools into middle schools, constructed over 1 lakh classrooms, and launched such schemes as school uniforms for students, free textbooks and library, and CM's Cycle Scheme for girls (from class VIII to X).However, on the directive of the CM, Bihar Education Quality Mission (BEQM) was launched in October last year to give a thrust to quality improvement of education in government schools by ensuring timely opening of schools, strict maintenance of attendance registers, 75% attendance of students, and implementation of Right to Education (RTE) Act. \"We, in the first phase, collected data on 845 schools on 20 parameters under BEQM with financial support from Unicef ,\" Singh said, adding that it was this data that had revealed information about students who had been admitted in more than one school.Shahi said school admission registers would be cleansed by removing fake students from them. Besides, students would be given benefits of schemes only if they maintained 75% attendance for six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11515870", "title": "Banas Dairy breaks its own milk procurement record", "text": "PALANPUR: Banaskantha District Milk producers' Co-operative Union (BDCMPUL), popularly known as Banas Dairy, has outscored other co-operative dairies in the state by producing 30.07 lakh kg of milk in a single day on Sunday.Chairman of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) Parthi Bhatol attributed the achievement to 3.14 lakh members associated with Banas Dairy providing milk through 1,400 milk producing societies of the district.Managing director of Banas Dairy Sanjay Karmchadani said, \"We had been observing the total milk production of the dairy since last several days and found that it had gone to a record level 30.07 lakh kg on Sunday, about 5 lakh kg more than its own record of 25.02 lakh kg on January 25 last year.\"The dairy has been paying member farmers in Banaskatha district at Rs 430 per kg fat, the highest rate among dairy co-operatives in the state,\" he said.The dairy also provides preventive measures against several common diseases found among the cattle like mouth and foot disease and ration balancing programmes. The dairy is all set to start a huge cattle feed manufacturing unit with a producing capacity 1,000 metric tonnes a day.\"Nearly 81 per cent of milk is being received through bulk system though tankers, while just 19 per cent is through loose cans. So, the possibility of milk being spoilt or turning sour is negligible,'' Karamchandani added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496600", "title": "I've not cut down on my work: Shaan", "text": "There was a time when the music of a film was incomplete without a Shaan rendition.Whether it was the Behti Hawa Sa number from 3 Idiots , Chaand Sifarish from Fanaa or Jab se tere Naina from Saawariya, they were songs that had the Shaan stamp all over them. Today, with newer and newer singers jostling for space in the music world, ask Shaan why we hear less of him these days and he says, \"I do sing at concerts and by the grace of God my shows do very well!\" That doesn't answer our question, we say.He laughs, saying, \"I know. But, seriously how should I know why you are hearing less of me these days? Ask the music directors! All I can say is that I, on my part, have not cut down on any work or I am not being extra choosy or selective. Like I always do, I try and select songs that I can do justice to. But strangely not many good songs are coming my way.\" However, sounding optimistic, he says, \"But I guess 2012 is gonna be different for me. I have some good work coming up. I am working on my album and will release that very soon. So, wait and watch. I am in a happy space right now spending time with my family, kids and feeling very relaxed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504407", "title": "Convicted persons can't avail of several facilities", "text": "PATNA: In a landmark and novel initiative that it is first-of-its kind in the country, a person in Bihar who has been convicted of crime and whose appeal has been rejected by court would not be able to live in peace anymore. The crime he committed will not only haunt him throughout his life, but also make him ineligible for certain facilities.The Bihar government's home department has started the initiative called \"Civil consequences of crime\". Under this, the details of a person who has been convicted of criminal offences and whose appeal against sentence has been turned down by court would figure on the website of the home department. All details like the name, address, list of criminal cases and conviction and sentence would be uploaded on the website - http://210.212.23.53/prison or - which was launched on Sunday by chief minister Nitish Kumar at his official residence.To begin with, 1,450 records retrieved from jails have been put on the website. In the next phase, more such records would be brought in the public domain, DGP Abhyanand said.Bihar is the first state to make such an initiative and, as Nitish said, it will help in further establishing the rule of law and serve as a deterrent to crime. \"This is the third step after the speedy trial and speedy appeal in courts. The speedy trial was not merely a concept but a phase-wise planning to check crime,\" Nitish said.Persons convicted by any court and whose appeal against sentence rejected would be barred from availing of facilities like licences for arms and PDS shops. Furthermore, they would be ineligible for government jobs, contracts, passport, holding offices in NGOs and licences for petrol pumps and gas agencies. For seeking loan from banks and financial institutions, one has to provide related information. \"Before committing a crime, a person now needs to keep in mind that not only would he be punished, but would also face other consequences later on and deprived of various facilities,\" the CM said.Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani said the arms of the law are long and this scheme will prove it. \"Now a new system is being developed to bring the convicted people in the dragnet of law,\" he added. Abhyanand said the data made available on the net would help society to keep such persons at bay.The DGP said it has been noticed that convicted persons hide the details of their conviction while seeking any licence or job or contract and generally get away with these facilities. Now, after this website, they no can longer hide such details and the government departments or private companies can check the website about their veracity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503398", "title": "Nikhil being groomed for role in JD (S)", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy's son Nikhil is learning the nitty-gritty of politics , keeping the party's future in mind.The tutoring has begun with an eye on the 2013 assembly polls (he would have turned 25 then, the minimum age to contest an election) and the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. If Nikhil enters active politics, he will be the third-generation leader from the Deve Gowda clan.Nikhil will be seen on the dais for the first time at the youth conference in Haliyal organized by party MLA and youth wing president Sunil Hegde on January 28.Kumaraswamy confirmed the news: \"The invitation for the conference) has come and Nikhil will attend it.\"Nikhil has already begun to network in party stronghold Channapatna; he has been attending marriages and religious events, organized by workers there.When quizzed about this, Kumaraswamy said: \"There is no such concrete plan. Due to time constraints, I have asked him to attend some programmes in Channapatna. Let us see.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11510625", "title": "Dance is the best yoga: Birju Maharaj", "text": "Birju Maharaj has become almost like a synonym to Kathak around the globe.Born in a family of legendary dancers, he in fact not only lived up to all those expectations that once would have been entrusted over him, but surpassed them all with his determined efforts to take this beautiful dance form to one and all out there. And when asked, Padma Vibhushan Maharaj ji describes the dance form as \"The best kind of yoga \". He says, \"Yoga is all about maintaining the concentration and finding a balance, that is exactly what we do while we dance kathak. It's always about concentrating on 'talas' and 'layas' and catching smallest of beats. After years that I have put behind my art, I have achieved a fine tuned balance that goes much deeper than making me able to handle my art form well.\"There are lots of experiments in the world of dance today which includes fusion with kathak too. So how does he feel about it? \"Once I was on my Europe tour and I was requested to create a fusion piece for the audience,\" he says, \"Now there were noted international artists to my company, but I had my simple theory to it. I said; you fuse the music, the instruments and sound, I will dance along the other dance forms but will stick to my traditional steps. We created an interesting 'jugalbandi' but without interchanging the dance forms or confusing what kathak originally is.\"He explains, \"All is the play of beats and they will always remain the same as ever, you can only add instruments; so fusion is fine if created esthetically. My only concern always has been, is of maintaining the purity of our forms and not creating a fusion that confuses the audience in identifying the original beauty and qualities of our traditional dances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11509268", "title": "Rekha Bhardwaj\u2019s voice is divinely intoxicating: Alokananda", "text": "Alokananda Dasgupta, the daughter of veteran filmmaker Buddhadeb Dasgupta, has scored the music for a Marathi movie titled \" Shala\". The film, which will be released on January 20, is an adaptation of a novel by Milind Bokil.Says Alokananda, \"It was in February 2010 that I got a call from my friend - the Spanish cinematographer Diego Romero. Diego also happens to be the cinematographer of my father's forthcoming film titled \"The 13 stories of Tagore\". He told me about the prospect of scoring for a Marathi movie called \"Shala\". The director, Sujay Dahake, wanted some hints of Western classical score. That's how, I got on board quickly.\" For those not tuned in, Alokananda has completed her Bachelors of Music with Honours in Theory and Composition at York University. As a classically trained pianist and piano teacher, Alokananda gravitated naturally towards music composition for films. She has scored music and assisted in the writing on a few of her father's films. Recently, she composed the soundtrack for the forthcoming release of \"Woh\", a feature film based on Tagore's novel, Shey. She has also composed music for several short films and documentaries, and was the music assistant for Amit Trivedi on the film soundtrack for \"Udaan\" and \"No One Killed Jessica\".Other than scoring the background music for \"Shaala\" (which means school), Alokananda also recorded a song called \"Behne do\". \"It has been penned by my sister, Rajeshwari Dasgupta. Rekha Bhardwaj graciously showed much enthusiasm towards recording this song. Her voice has a divinely intoxicating quality. I love her dense vocal timbre. Her spiritual bent of mind reflects in her voice. The song is very Indian and is used in many crucial parts of the film. It has been a great and eclectic experience scoring for this film,\" she says.Meanwhile, Alokananda is also busy composing for \"The 13 stories of Tagore\". \"That's another challenge and I hope to live up to the expectations,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507737", "title": "The Vishesh Bhatt takeover", "text": "As his son gets ready to take charge, Mahesh speaks of the 25-yr-old banner, while Mukesh says how it changed himSooraj Barjatya, Aditya Chopra or Karan Johar .... and now it is Vishesh Bhatt, son of Mukesh Bhatt, who, is readying himself to take over the his father's banner named after him.In an exclusive interview with this newspaper, Mahesh Bhatt confirmed the news, \"It's true. Vishesh has the resolve, and will now engage with the real world more than what he was willing to do earlier. Having watched the company and its people from the wings, he has shown a willingness to make movies. He is essentially a writer and a director, and wants to make a foray as director. I think he will make a beginning by the end of this year\".Asked about Vishesh Films' 25-year journey, Mahesh answers, \"It's been exciting, challenging, uplifting... we've just begun and have miles to go\".The turning point was when Mahesh \"discovered that the world had changed and so had the lingua franca,\" and decided to hang his gloves as a director in the 90s, turning to film production instead. Around the same time, it was he who decided not to continue making socially relevant films, \"the kind the world pretends to love but does not pay money to see\". The other critical decision taken was to embrace the pattern of making films without stars.The rationale, as Mahesh explains, \"Both Mukesh and me never ever sat down and wished for a particular actor to be available to us. Our successes namely Arth or even Aashiqui for that matter didn't have any stars. Then again, I happen to be the only director in the world who has made two flops with Shah Rukh Khan - Duplicate and Chahat. So whether a hit or a miss, it meant that an actor never succeeds or fails. It is the filmmaker, the story, the filmmaker's vision that succeeds or fails.\"And, something for which Vishesh has constantly come under criticism - an overdose of sexual content - started as a conscious decision back then. \"The purists pretended to scream 'what deterioration?' but it wasn't deterioration; it was evolution. I'm still here. Where are they? There was no point in singing a Mehdi Hassan song when the audience wanted to hear a fast-paced, strong, back-beat Atif Aslam number. And so, we changed,\" says Mahesh in his defence.As regards sexual content, \"I dare anybody to see Kalyug, a film we made with Kunal Khemmu on pornography. There was no nudity at all. Neal n Nikki had more T &amp; A in it. The so-called family film!,\" he asserts.What followed was a major departure from the Mahesh Bhatt of Arth, Saaransh, Aashiqui or Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin and a spate of films with a posse of budding new actors, the likes of Raaz, Murder, Kasoor and Gangster happened.For Mukesh, who calls himself the Government of Vishesh Films, \"The 12 years have been the best years of my life.. Since I am the money man, economically, they were more fruitful than what it was when I worked with the so-called stars. It gave me self-esteem and respectability.\"Ever the optimist, Mukesh says, \"I can say with pride now, that we have given a box-office hit every single year of the decade, without any stars. It can't be a fluke for 12 years consistently. You have to have something in you. This company is not only known for making movies but also destinies. That is more elevating and satisfactory, where we carve out the space of actors, directors, singers, music composers, writers.\"Mahesh, whom Mukesh refers to as the creative fountainhead of the banner, is more realistic, \"Boxing and filmmaking is the same. Before the referee starts counting you out -10, 9, 8, 7 - you have got to get up and hit back and we've done that always. There's never been a year where we have been inactive.Almost after every major hit, came a series of failures.\" Right now, Vishesh Films is on a roll, what with Murder 2 having set the cash registers ringing; it did an unimaginable Rs 80 crore worth of business in three weeks. In 2012, the production house has its hands full with Blood Money, Jannat 2 and Raaz 3. And, as Mahesh adds, fists clenched, \"We've burnt our bridges. We don't have room for failure. We have to succeed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11505057", "title": "Chinese Manja continues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chinese threads continued to pose a threat in the city during this Uttarayan. The extent of use of this banned product, however, has dropped as compared to last year.Popularly known as 'Chinese Manja', the Chinese threads for flying kites are comparatively stronger, sharper has more potentials of causing more injuries to birds and humans have been banned by the city police.Various activists in the city, however, found people using Chinese threads during this Uttarayan. Chaitanya Nimavat, a wildlife educationists said, \"We found that the use of the Chinese threads has persisted this year though the extent of its use has relatively dropped as compared to the last year. The traditional common threads break more easily but the Chinese threads don't, due to which the chances for injury to humans and birds are much higher. It is sad that people still not aware about the deadly threats posed by these threads for the birds as well as the humans.\"Harmesh Bhatt, coordinator at Asha Foundation said, \"During our operations, we have come across several instances where people were using the banned thread. Its usage seems to have dropped a bit because of its high price. The threads are, however, still available in the walled city at places like Raipur Darwaja, Delhi Darwaja and Kalupur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11503873", "title": "Devotees beam in celestial splendour", "text": "BANGALORE: It was an end to the year-long wait of devotees. Chants of 'Om Namah Shivaya' reverberated at the Gavi Gangadhareshwara (Shiva) temple in Gavipuram when the celestial light passed through the horns of Nandi (the lord's mount) and fell on the linga in the sanctum sanctorum.The divine experience was worth the wait. Amid the ring of bells and prayer-chanting, the priest poured milk over the linga. The light struck the linga at 5.14pm and devotees plunged into spiritual bliss for four minutes.\"I have been visiting the temple for 45 years. I feel more spiritually connected every time I visit this place. The lord residing here is special to the people of Karnataka,\" said C Ramegowda, resident of Gavipuram.There is a belief that the event happens as the Sun God visits the temple to pay tribute to Lord Shiva. \"The auspicious moment holds a special place in our hearts. I have been visiting the temple to witness this phenomenon for the past 15 years. The rays fall on the linga through an opening, but the fact that it happens only once in a year is amazing,\" said Yellappa V, a devotee.The temple witnessed an overflowing crowd, including youths. \"We are in Bangalore for the first time to be part of the event. It's a positive experience and we were overjoyed after we saw it on the big screen,\" said D Sunaina, another devotee.The temple had two big screens to provide devotees with a better view of the celestial phenomenon.CM eats pongal, neer dosaChief minister D V Sadananda Gowda celebrated Sankranti by visiting Halli Mane in Malleswaram where he had Pongal, Neer Dosa and Kadubu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new model town", "code": "11505419", "title": "This teacher wants to gift education to kids", "text": "NEW MODEL TOWN: Gagandeep Kaur is a teacher, so it's very natural that before doomsday, she wants to play her role to perfection and teach as many children as possible, especially the poor and orphans.Her other wishes include cooking for her family, having dinner with Shah Rukh Khan, going on a world tour, visiting off beat tourist destinations in India, buying lots of dresses and jewellery and meeting former president and nuclear scientist A P J Abdul Kalam.Says 30-year-old Gagandeep Kaur, wife of businessman Amanpreet Singh and mother of Smaran, 6, and Inayat, 2, \"As a teacher, my first wish is to educate as many children as I can.\"Next on her wish list is food. \"Since I love to cook food, my next wish is to serve choicest dishes to my family members. My husband loves to have Punjabi food 'makki di roti, sarsoon da saag with lassi' and also butter chicken, so I want to feed him the same more frequently. My kids love to have pizza, burgers and pasta, so my priority would be to serve them with healthy food items,\" she says.After food, comes celebrity time, and her favourite is Shah Rukh Khan since the days \"Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge\".Says Gagandeep, \"I along with my family members would love to have dinner with Shah Rukh Khan at a local restaurant, Indian Summer. At the dinner, I will ask her how he rose from a TV serial to such a big star. Even my son Smaran likes the superstar and would like to ask him how he performed such dangerous stunts in movie 'Don'.\"Her next move will be to go on a world tour and visit left-out tourist places in India. \"My favourite tourist destinations in the world include Sydney in Australia, Zureck in Switzerland , California and Las Vegas in America, Kerala and Goa in India,\" she said.Further listing her love, Gagandeep avered, \"I wish to buy large number of dresses, including sarees, suits and western outfits and diamond jewellery, for myself and clothes for my kids and husband. After this, I will want to take my children to meet former president and nuclear scientist A P J Abdul Kalam , who did so much for the country and made it self-reliant in nuclear power. His books, including 'Wings of Fire' and 'Ignited Minds', are good for the children to read.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11505946", "title": "US set to irk Pakistan as it takes note of Baloch plight", "text": "WASHINGTON: Baloch separatists achieved a significant diplomatic breakthrough on Friday, getting the US administration to recognize their grievances against Pakistani and persuading Washington to urge Islamabad to address their issues through dialogue.At a time of tense relations with Islamabad, the Obama administration chose a social media platform to air its concern about the plight of the Baloch, whose complaints about targeted killings and other human rights abuse has gone largely unnoticed by the world. The state department on Friday responded to a question on Twitter from a Baloch nationalist on the subject, saying, \"This was a very popular question on our feed, so we wanted to make sure that we answered it today.\"\"The US is deeply concerned about the ongoing violence in Baluchistan, especially targeted killings, disappearances and other human rights abuses,\" spokesperson Victoria Nuland continued, adding that Washington takes the allegations of human rights abuses \"very seriously\" and had discussed these issues with Pakistani officials.The question from @cadet1081 was provocative, asking the state department why the US does not intervene in Baluchistan and help the Baloch achieve freedom.But Nuland was circumspect in her response, noting for now that \"This is a complex issue,\" and Washington believes \"that the best way forward is for all the parties to resolve their differences through peaceful dialogue.\"But on Friday, far removed yet from the strategic strands, Baloch nationalists rejoiced in their diplomatic advance.\"Acceptance of (Twitter) question and the subsequent response from the department's spokesperson is heartening,\" wrote Muatasim Qazi on the nationalist website Balochwarna. \"It should encourage educated Baloch youth to engage more in online activism and advocacy rather than mere futile political sloganeering or mud-slinging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11505126", "title": "Bhangra, gidda at Shaniwarwada", "text": "PUNE: If the streets of Pune seemed a bit quiet on Sunday evening, it was only because the entire energy was centred in one place alone - Shaniwarwada. With Punjabi pop icon Jasbir Jassi giving a dazzling performance, it seemed like Punjab had come to Pune.This powerhouse performer let loose a torrent of Punjabi hits, which set a new precedent for live performances that only a few can hope to match up to. Sunday was the closing day of the Times Pune Festival, and having Jassi perform was, without doubt, a well-fitting finale.Though the show began at eight in the evening, one could be forgiven for thinking that it was still daylight. Lights flashed all around outshone only by Jassi himself. From the moment the singer took to the stage, all eyes were transfixed on him and him alone.\"The atmosphere is festive tonight. Pune is a cultural hub and Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj's land,\" he said to cheers that resonated beyond the walls of the wada. The singer opened the show with 'Gurbani', a reverential invocation to the almighty.He then wowed all with some Sufi renditions of poet Bulleh Shah. 'Aao Ni Sayiyon' was a perfect folk song that drew quite a few whistles from the audience. Bulle Shah's 'Tere ishq nachaya-karke thaiya thaiya' transported the audience to a spiritual land far away from the mundane everyday humdrum.Next up was a flawless rendition of 'Chhap tilak sab cheeni ray mosay naina milaikay'. As the powerful lyrics took hold, music connoisseurs began to sway in delight, becoming one with the music. The divine verse brought all present to one common ground, irrespective of caste or creed.Jassi's vocal prowess kicked into full gear with 'Mera Peeya Ghar Aaya', warming up the crowd for the night ahead. Its interludes abounded with eclectic play of the harmonium, the guitar and diverse beats of the tabla.He soon upped the tempo with the contagious, 'Teri Chadti Jawaani', sending his patrons into a 'bhangra' and 'gidda' frenzy. Jassi was fast for he skillfully moved into 'Ek Punjaban', and then conjured the Punjabi version of 'Naggada naggada'. The way he switched gears from one song to another upped the excitement quotient of the show.\"I will now sing an old song of mine, 'Channo'. Send me your dancing photos on Facebook, before they ban the social networking site in India,\" he joked before launching into the peppy number. It was a fast but mellifluous number replete with resounding beats of the dhol and powerful vocals transporting the audience to the by-lanes of Punjab. The song was a mischievous allusion to a girl's transition into youth. Its upbeat pulse, interspersed with an infallible musical arrangement, was greeted with cheers that refused to die down.\"The energy that he portrays is infectious. I have never seen so many people at a concert dancing like this. Jassi, along with his band, seems invincible. The variety he induced within a single concert is amazing. He took us on a pan-India ride playing tunes from different states, which in fact, was the show-stealer,\" said a member of the audience.Soon the place lit up with unrestrained vigor of 'Koka tera koka', another foot-tapping composition. \"Authentic flavours of Punjab have come alive here in Maharashtra. This gig has proved that music has no boundaries. This has been a truly mesmerising performance,\" said Dilraj Kaur.'Kudi Kudi', an explosive number straight from the 'gullies' of Punjab, had many jumping into the air and dancing with joy. Spectators cheered their hearts out and tapped their feet like there was no tomorrow.Jassi's version of 'Gur Naal Ishq Mitha' came afloat almost effortlessly. It was a sight to behold and music to immerse into. The singer delivered this number remarkably well. Its rhythm seemed more enhanced and sonorous than the original. In short, this wasn't a melody to just sway with. It was a powerful anthem that left the audience awe-struck.\"There were traditional Punjabi musical instruments on stage - dhol, tumbi, sarangi, sapera, supp, and chimta - all complimenting the diverse mix of popular Bollywood compositions, Punjabi pop and folk numbers Jassi churned out. It was like being in Punjab. The numbers Jassi belted out, the mesmerising sound of the instruments and the nip in the air all added up to make me feel like I was back in Punjab. I am exhilarated to be here tonight,\" said Bawanpreet Kaur, a member of the audience.(Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for the Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11510807", "title": "Kitchen medicines get popular with NRIs to cure ailments", "text": "AMRITSAR: A large number of Indians residing in UK , Canada and US are now fast moving towards kitchen medicines to cure lifestyle diseases and are seeking expert opinion for various ailments including diabetes , hypertension, mood and eating disorders, mental illness largely caused due to work stress, dietary patterns and weakening family bonds.\"Stress and stress induced disorders coupled with poor dietary habits were like a slow poison spreading among Indians who have settled in these countries\" said AS Mahal, a herbalist while talking to TOI upon return from UK where he had gone to deliver a talk on healthy eating habits and curing common ailments with the use of kitchen medicines. Mahal is well known name among Indians living abroad for his radio talks on healthy dietary habits and use of kitchen medicines to ward off diseases.\"I don't prescribe medicines but simply advise people to change their eating habits and use the traditional condiments for healing common ailments rather than rushing to doctors for quick relief\" he said.Harpreet Gill, a UK resident told TOI over the phone from London that most Indians become victim to various disorders due to sudden climatic changes and dietary habits and start taking symptomatic treatment but with their prolonged use they develop resistance to these medicines and continue to suffer.\"So, now we look back to our roots and simple treatments with the help of stuff in the kitchen, and it is doing wonders,\" said Gill.Mahal said that kitchen herbs were not only important in cuisine but for healing purpose also. Their aromas regulate the flow of vital energies throughout the body, many of them help to improve digestion, others have antiseptic values.He said if wisely used common kitchen spices could keep majority diseases at bay.\"There are large number of Indians who want to take the herbal route to health even knowing that it could take some time to cure but still they want to know how turmeric, ginger, cinnamon , black pepper, clove , nutmeg could help them keep healthy \" said Mahal.Shelza Malhotra, another UK resident said she imports herbs from India for her store in London. \"Recently the demand for Indian spices and herbs have increased due to their therapeutic use\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505768", "title": "89% schools have separate toilets for girls and boys", "text": "JAIPUR: Eighty-nine percent of primary and upper primary schools in the state have separate toilets for both girls and boys while there are only six schools which don't have any toilet facilities at all.The Supreme Court on Friday extended its deadline of December 31 to March 31 for all the states and Union Territories to provide separate permanent toilets for boys and girls in schools across the country and said that it was an essential part of the Right to Education.However, after the Supreme Court's earlier orders in which December 31, 2011 was set as the deadline, Rajasthan has improved its figure, though it fails marginally in providing separate toilets to girls and boys, especially in rural areas.As per the affidavit submitted by the chief secretary in the apex court on January 9, there are 294 schools in the state where toilets are under construction and only six schools where it could not be constructed due to various reasons. There are 73,548 primary and upper primary schools in the state.\"We have tried our best and covered almost all the schools in the state. Some are left because of some reasons and for this the chief secretary has presented the case in the court,\" said Ashok Sampatram, principal secretary, school and Sanskrit education.The officials of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) assert that the state has done a commendable work. \"The reason toilets not being constructed in certain areas are very complex. But with an extended deadline we will try make it 100%,\" said sources.\"In Banswara, we don't have excess to the school as it a marshy area and no trolley can go through. Only during rainy season one can go by boat. In some cases, there is court stay and one is in temple premises so people are protesting the move.\"However, the issue of separate facilities for boys and girls in rural areas to be constructed under total sanitation campaign (TSC) let down the record of the state. In 7,833 schools, there is a common toilet but the construction for separate toilets is yet to be sanctioned. It has often been attributed as the singular most reason for large school dropout or absenteeism among girls in classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11504937", "title": "Chinese manja kills 20 Painted Storks in Bhavnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: On Sunday evening, Bhavnagar residents witnessed a funeral procession at which the deceased were Painted Storks. Shocked at the deaths of 20 of these storks which are on the near-threatened list of Birdlife International, nature lovers wanted to show citizens what their 'Chinese manja' (nylon twine) does to avians.The Painted storks were among 34 birds which were killed mostly by nylon kite strings during Uttarayan festivities on January 14 and 15.The forest department, which had started a control room with local nature clubs to rescue injured birds in Bhavnagar, said 121 of them were injured.Painted Storks are not new to residents of Bhavnagar as there is a huge colony of these birds in the heart of the city, in Pil garden.The large wading bird of the stork family found in tropical Asia has been roosting there for a century.According to B M Parasharya, ornithologist at Anand Agricultural University - who has been recording painted storks' nests for the last 30 years - this is the only Painted Stork colony in India located in the middle of a heavily populated area.Locals blame the nylon twine for the bird fatalities. Although banned, it is sold on the sly. \"In many cases, the birds were so severely injured that they could not survive the short trip to the rescue centre'' said Prof I R Gadhvi, head of the Marine Science Department, Bhavnagar University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11504339", "title": "Feted farmers a worried lot", "text": "PATNA: Bihar agriculture department secretary, Vijaya Lakshmi Nadendla on Sunday felicitated several farmers from different parts of the state for achieving manifold rise in paddy yield in this year's kharif season.At a function organized by Pioneer Hi-Bred, a producer of hybrid seeds, Nadendla felicitated farmers from Munger, Vaishali, Begusarai, Muzaffarpur, Bhagalpur, Nalanda, Samastipur and Saran districts. The farmers were given a shawl and citation each on behalf of the company.Addressing farmers on the occasion, Nadendla said, \"Bihar now sits in the front row when it comes to agriculture. In 2010, we produced 35 lakh tonnes of paddy. This year, it is likely to be around 70 to 80 lakh tonnes. Hybrid seeds were used in 10% of the land under paddy cultivation. The experiment has been a success.\"Incidentally, a farmer from Nalanda district set a world record in paddy yield this year.\"The department is engaged in planning. We are also working on preparing a road map for 10 years. It is likely to be presented before the agriculture cabinet soon,\" she told farmers.Bipin Kumar Sah, a farmer from Asarganj in Munger district, and Bisheshwer Prasad Yadav, a farmer from Hajipur in Vaishali district, expressed their happiness over their success. Sah had harvested 125 quintals of paddy per hectare, while Yadav had reaped 110.4 quintals. \"Before 2008, my per hectare paddy yield was only 30 quintals. This year I am myself surprised,\" Sah said. Yadav said, \"My house is full with paddy. I have been the inspiration for other farmers in my village.\"Yadav said, \"It is the result of hybrid seeds, organic fertilizer and scientific methods of farming.\" Influenced by him, over 70% farmers of his village have started using hybrid seeds. The felicitated farmers included Manteswar Singh, Saroj Kumar, Biswanath Yadav, Sunil Jha, Pushpendu Prasad Singh and Ashok Singh. All of them said they had used hybrid seeds and non-conventional fertilizer. However, the felicitated farmers are a worried lot. \"We are forced to sell our produce at a low price as government paddy procurement centres in my district are not procuring much of it,\" said Bipin Sah. The government purchases our paddy for Rs 1080 per quintal, while it is sold for Rs 600 to 700 in the open market, he said.Asked about it, the minister of food and civil supplies, Shyam Rajak, said: \"PPCs do not accept paddy with over 17% moisture. In the second fortnight of January, paddy will have less moisture and procurement will improve.\" Till date, 1.75 lakh tonnes of paddy have been procured, Rajak told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11505034", "title": "Dip in mercury fails to deter zoo visitors", "text": "INDORE: It seems that the chilling cold climatic condition, which has been lashing the city for over a week, has had no impact on the rush of the visitors to the Kamla Nehru Zoo here. According to zoo officials, the visitors' rush continued to be as usual despite decline in temperature, say the zoo authorities.Zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav said that the number of animal lovers visiting the zoo was quite satisfactory, especially at a time when the mercury levels dip in the city. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) earned around Rs 2 lakh revenue towards the zoo visitors' fee on January 1. Last Sunday, the IMC's earning from visitors' fee to stood at around Rs 80,000, informed Dr Yadav.This Sunday, the civic body, under which the zoo comes, earned around Rs 60,000 from the visitors.In a bid to improve the functioning of the zoo, the authorities also sought suggestions from the visitors.The zoo in-charge emphasised on the visitors' suggestion saying that it was important to improve the condition here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11505632", "title": "Bhanwari\u2019s three children learn to live without parents", "text": "JODHPUR: The three children of Bhanwari Devi and Amarchand are fast learning to live without their parents.Bhanwari Devi, a government nurse was kidnapped and allegedly killed in September last year and her husband Amarchand is in jail as one of the suspects. CBI had recently declared in the Rajasthan High Court that the nurse is dead, while her husband has been arrested for his involvement in the crime.Bhanwari's 18-year-old son Sahil, who is now doubling up as both parents to his younger siblings Ashwini (15) and Gungun (5), said some sympathizers have shown up earlier but none of them is around now, leaving only them to fend for themselves in the troubled time.\"People have now begun to turn dirty. Instead of sympathy, they target us. Sinister remarks were passed even to my youngest sister,\" Sahil rued.The three children and their grandmother Pooni Devi had been grappling to carry on with their everyday life for the past four months. \"We have been sustaining on a meagre pension of my grandmother all this while. My sisters were shunted out of their schools. I had to leave my studies. We are completely isolated but none came forward to help us. Even the lawyer fighting for us withdrew as we had no money to pay his fee,\" he said.\"As I am the eldest, it was very difficult for me to come out of the house and face the people. But now I have learnt to reply any comment or taunt they hurled in a befitting tone,\" the 18-year-old said.He is confident that his father will come out soon. Sahil has been assured this by his new lawyer, provided to him by the Legal Aid Authority. The youngster also has no complaint for the CBI too. \"They (CBI officials) are quite helpful and doing everything possible to bring the culprits of my mother's abduction and murder to book,\" he said.On the financial package announced by the state government, Sahil said it has come as a great relief his family. \"Had it not been there, life would have been very difficult for us both financially and socially,\" Sahil said.The government has offered Sahil a job equivalent to an LDC in the medical &amp; health department, where his mother was serving as auxiliary nurse and midwife (ANM). \"My sister Ashwini has also been called recently by her school administration to rejoin the school. I am also looking forward to resume studies soon,\" Sahil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505436", "title": "No early end to rough ride in sight for city commuters", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as commuters continue to face inconvenience on account of dug-up roads, the BMC claims that that it is trying its best to finish the pending work under the BRTS project.The uneven patches on link road No. 1 dug-up roads and incomplete work at New Market, Banganga square and road stretches at Kilol Park and Kamla Park pose a danger to the life and limb of commuters.Rahul Singh, a bank employee, said, \"When I was returning with my friends on a bike on Saturday night, we almost slipped at the New Market square because of incomplete work. The road has become risky due to incomplete work.\"\"The authorities are not showing any urgency to complete the work,\" says a resident of Kilol Park area where the work is continuing for the past many months.Anil Mandrai, a shopkeeper, told TOI that many times no warning boards are seen to have put up informing about the work under progress. \"There is a little difference in the level of the road under construction and the road being used by commuters on a patch stretching from MP Nagar to Habibganj railway station. It is a busy route and commuters often get stuck in traffic snarls stretching for over half an hour or more due to incomplete construction.\"\"We are trying our level best to complete the work on time,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh said. \"The pending works will be completed in two months,\" he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11506336", "title": "One killed as lorry hits bike", "text": "HUBLI: A person died on the spot, when a lorry hit his bike from behind at Hosur circle here on Sunday.North traffic police inspector L N Shirakol told TOI that the deceased is Manohar Karimari (40). He was a resident of Chennapeth oni in old Hubli. He was proceeding towards Hosur circle from Gokul road when the accident took place. The lorry that hit the bike was heading towards Hosur circle from Vani Vilas road.The lorry driver is absconding. North traffic police have registered a case. They have recoverd the lorry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505793", "title": "Remove encroachments in Walled City: Panel", "text": "JAIPUR: The empowered committee constituted to develop Pink City as a world-class one, has instructed JMC to remove encroachments and restore the original width of the inner lanes of the Walled City. The directives are aimed at restoring the old glory of the area and allow free flow of traffic in inner roads.According to the empowered committee, the width of the inner lanes has been drastically reduced due to temporary encroachments made by shopkeepers and residents, resulting in traffic blockades. The committee has asked the corporation along with traffic department to carry out a survey of the encroachments.Member of the committee, Justice VS Dave (retd) said: \"We have asked the corporation to carry out the survey and demarcate the encroachments. Once the survey report is prepared, an inspection by the committee will be done to find the actual status.\"The committee has also stated the Walled City was developed on the pattern of European cities. If proper width is maintained, congestion can be reduced. \"Like European countries, Jaipur, too, has straight roads in the Walled City and there is no need to take U-turns. Residents can enter from one lane and come out from another. If proper width is restored, traffic can flow easily.\" The lanes can also be used as alternative option at the time of jams and emergency, a traffic official said.Also, as per the European pattern, 2-feet roads have been constructed between houses at many places in the Walled City. \"The narrow roads are being used by the residents to dump waste. We have also directed that the roads be cleaned so that they can be utilised for the purpose they were built,\" Dave said.However, the idea has not gone down well with the residents and shopkeepers in the area. \"In the present situation, it is not possible. It will create more congestion as everyone will come out with their vehicles,\" said Devendra Singh, a resident of Johari Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11505773", "title": "Not five, we\u2019ve six tastes: Fat is new one", "text": "LONDON: It's long known that there are five basic tastes which the human tongue can detect - sweet, sour, salty, bitter and savoury. Now, scientists say there exists a sixth one - fat.A team at Washington University in US claims to have identified a potential chemical receptor for tasting fat, and also found that its sensitivity varies between individuals, the Journal of Lipid Research reported. The receptor is, in fact, located in the taste buds on the tongue which recognizes fat molecules, say the scientists.The finding may help to explain why some people consume more fatty foods, as they are less aware of the taste as they eat, and can be used to combat obesity by increasing people's sensitivity to fat in their food, the team says.In their research, the scientists have showed that people with more of a receptor called CD36 were better at detecting the presence of fat in food. They found that variations in a gene that produces CD36 makes people more or less sensitive to the presence of fat.The study found that those with half as much CD36 were eight times less sensitive to the presence of fat. \"The ultimate goal is to understand how our perception of fat in food might influence what foods we eat and the qualities of fat that we consume . We've found one potential reason for individual variability in how people sense fat.\"What we will need to determine in the future is whether our ability to detect fat in foods influences our fat intake, which clearly would have an impact on obesity,\" the Sunday Telegraph quoted Nada Abumrad, who led the team.Up to 20% of people are believed to have a variant of the CD36 gene that is associated with producing lower levels of the receptor, which could mean they are less sensitive to the presence of fat in food. This may make them more prone to obesity.Yanina Pepino, a team member, added, \"If we follow the results in animals, a high-fat diet would lead to less production of CD36, and that, in turn, could make a person less sensitive to fat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505699", "title": "Baprola link: Monorail unviable, BRT on table", "text": "NEW DELHI: Declaring the monorail link a financially unviable option, RITES, a transport and infrastructure consultancy, has in a report to the state government recommended that a high speed Bus Road Transit (BRT) elevated corridor should be constructed instead. The report states the BRT will provide easy access to people who choose to travel to far-flung areas like Baprola which is ahead of the Dwarka Mor Metro station. If the government accepts these recommendations then Delhi will be the first city in the country to boast of an elevated BRT.The Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC) had commissioned Rail India Transit &amp; Economic Services (RITES) consultancy to carry out a techno-economic feasibility study and prepare a detailed project report on a mass transit channel that could link the capital with a Knowledge Based Industrial (KBI) hub which is to be set-up at Baprola in west Delhi. The RITES report will now be put before the state government for approval. If the government clears the project, DSIIDC is targetting a completion deadline of 2015.In its final report submitted to DSIIDC, RITES pointed out that introducing sophisticated transit systems for short length routes is very costly and hence monorail may not be ideal for the 4.5 kilometre long alignment between the Dwarka Modh metro station to the site of the KBI hub. Instead the report states \"The bus/road based systems are ideally suited for the last mile connectivity as it is the least costly solution\" In its report to DSIIDC, RITES says that having an at grade (on ground) BRT system between Dwarka Metro station and the KBI hub will not be suitable as people living on either sides of the corridor will try to cross the roads which will affect the level of service and bring down travel speed and the image of the system for users.\"In view of these reasons it is recommended to provide a grade separated (elevated) closed bus rapid transit system for the corridor,\" the report states. RITES suggests developing the BRT corridor in two phases, with the first one covering the distance of 4.5km between Dwarka Metro station to the KBI Park at an estimated cost of Rs 335.62 crore. The next phase, which would extend the corridor to Mundka linking the metro station there from the northwest of Delhi to the KBI hub, is estimated to cost about Rs 403 crore. Both phases taken together would add nearly 12 km of elevated BRT to the city's road transport network.Spread over 63.97 acres, the KBI complex proposes to make room for industries of the future and provide direct employment to over 1 lakh people and indirect employment to 1,70,000 people. A group housing over 4.9 acres is also proposed here to make some room for providing space for housing within Delhi.The Baprola complex, developed on a \"green building concept,\" is likely to come up at a cost of over Rs 1,500 crore. It is proposed to be developed on a self financing model. The proposal has already been cleared by the state government and DSIIDC is in the process of finalizing the architectural consultant to prepare the final drawings and layout of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11505361", "title": "Puri gang rape case main accused held", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prashant Pradhan, the main accused in the alleged rape of a girl at Pipili in Puri district, was arrested on Sunday, a day before the police are slated to submit a report to the Orissa high court.A police team from Puri arrested Prashant alias Pasei from Jatni railway station, ADG (crime branch) Abhay said. Prashant has been taken to Cuttack and is being interrogated by crime branch sleuths, the ADG said, adding that he would be produced before court in Puri on Monday.The police have filed a case under various sections of IPC and the SC, ST (Prevention of Atrocity) Act against Prashant and three others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11505500", "title": "Woman gives birth to 16th child in Damoh district", "text": "BHOPAL: A woman has given birth to her 16th child in Damoh, backward region of Bundelkhand in Madhya Pradesh. All her deliveries including the one that took place on Friday were normal. The 36 year old woman is wife of a marginal farmer.Dr Sangeeta Trivedi who supervised the delivery the baby said that \"the lady is anaemic and the infant is underweight. If the child is not looked after properly, it may turn malnourished,\" she told the TOI.The eldest daughter of Jagrani is 18 years of age and including her, her nine children - three daughters and six sons- have survived. The remaining six- 2 sons and four daughters- died after birth.Right to food activist Sachin Jain said that this incident should serve as an eye opener to the government as it speak volumes about its two schemes- the Family Planning and those related to malnutrition. \" Despite lots of money is spent on the publicity of family planning and government schemes to check malnutrition, why the message is not reaching in the far flung areas of the state, the government must analyse this \", he said.The couple stays at Baragtah village about 60 kms away from the district headquarter . She is wife of a farmer Ralli Yadav. When doctors advised the woman to undergo a family planning operation , she refused saying she was too weak.The couple said that their children are gift of God. However, asked would she have another bay, she said no.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "11504474", "title": "EC directive anti-dalit, gave us free publicity, says Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: A fuming UP chief minister Mayawati tore into the Election Commission for its \"selective\" enforcement of the model of code of conduct saying it was biased against dalits and the BSP. Addressing a rally on Sunday, which was also her 56th birthday, Mayawati listed instances of the EC failing to act on similar transgressions by other political parties.While Mayawati criticized the EC, the Congress leaders, too, appeared upset, with AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi expressing fears that the poll body's directives may hurt dalit sentiments, diluting the simmering anger against her rule and making it easier for the BSP chief to rally the community around her. And Mayawati did so with gusto.\"The EC should speak about the park in Chandigarh where a Congress government installed an 'open hand' monument. It's a revolving 45-foot high hand weighing 50 tonnes. Congress's symbol is the 'hand' and Punjab is also going to polls,\" she said.The BSP chief added, \"The position of hand of Hindu gods and goddesses is like Congress's symbol. Many such idols have been installed in temples built by governments and NGOs. Then, lotus (BJP's symbol) is used in puja rituals at inaugural ceremonies of government programmes. RLD's symbol is a hand pump, installed all over UP with public money. What's the EC's stand on all these?\"Mayawati brushed aside EC's objections to elephant statues saying, \"These elephants hold their trunks up in welcome. BSP's symbol is a normal elephant. But the EC responded to opposition's memorandums without letting us prove that the statues being covered are not BSP symbol. The EC seems to be acting at the behest of Congress-led Centre. It's a casteist party with anti-dalit mindset.\" Wearing her favourite pink salwar-kurta and diamond jewellery, Mayawati let loose some Hindi sarcasm: \"Khula hathi lakh ka, aur bandh hathi sawa lakh ka\" (an open elephant is worth Rs 1 lakh; covered, it's worth Rs1.25 lakh).\" She was telling her supporters that BSP stands to gain from EC's diktats, a sentiment shared by Congress.\"The EC order to cover the statues in dalit memorials too is biased, anti-dalit and casteist. It has come as a boon for BSP because it has provided free publicity to the party,\" she said. She said her statutes were installed as per the will of BSP founder Kanshi Ram , who said memorials to dalit icons will provide dalits with a sense of their own history. Congress also feels that covering the statues and BSP symbol may not have been a good idea as people would have voted with greater vengeance if the statues had been visible. Alvi said, \"BSP may end up benefitting from EC's order because people in UP are so upset with her government that seeing her statues they would have voted against Mayawati.\" He then attacked the CM for her criticism of the EC saying, \"Nobody should criticize the EC for what it does under its jurisdiction.\" Earlier, she told journalits, \"The EC has transferred two dalit officers from key posts. Angry BSP supporters will give a fitting reply to casteist forces.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11512033", "title": "Actress Madhu Shalini\u2019s twitter account hacked", "text": "On realizing that her account was hacked, the actress was quick to retrieve it, giving the hacker little chance to misuse the accountActress Madhu Shalini who is busy filming for Ram Gopal Varma's much-hyped \"Department\", was in for a rude shock as he tried accessing her Twitter account recently. She could not log into her account on the popular micro-blogging site as it was hacked. The hacker did tweak some of her account's settings but the actress managed to retrieve it before the hacker misused it further. After gaining access to her account, the actress tweeted, \"ggrrrrr.........someone jus hacked my acct...\" followed by another tweet, \"I retrieved it thou... :P\".On quizzing her on how she realized her account was hacked, she said, \"I have this habit of checking tweets of those I follow and tried logging into my account recently to check the same. But I was told that my password has been changed! It then struck me that someone had hacked my account and changed some of my account's settings! I'm thankful to God that I found out early and changed my password. I didn't give my hacker enough time to misuse my account.\"The actress who was in Dubai last weekend for the Celebrity Cricket League II tournament, plays the role of a female don in RGV's \"Department\" that stars Amitabh Bachchan , Sanjay Dutt and Rana Daggubati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11513590", "title": "Vodafone India plans to file IPO", "text": "NEW DELHI: UK-based telecom major Vodafone has moved a step further to list its India operations by roping in investment bank NM Rothschild to assist the listing plans.According to sources, Vodafone India has roped in investment bank NM Rothschild to assist the company in its listing plans.When contacted the company spokesperson, however, declined to comment.Sources said Rothschild will assist Vodafone to clear the regulatory hurdles, help in price discovery and valuation, restructure the complicated shareholding pattern and even help appoint the book-runners at a later stage.Last year, the company had organised in Mumbai a meet of global investors and analysts in which it had disclosed financial and other operational details.Vodafone India Chief Executive Officer Martin Pieters also made an internal announcement to employees, updating them with the IPO plan.India is one of the biggest markets for the company. It has nearly 146 million subscribers.Last year, Vodafone had bought out Indian partner Essar's 33 per cent stake in the joint venture for $5.4 billion.That transaction took Vodafone's ownership to 75.35 per cent, more than the prescribed Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) limit of 74 per cent.Domestic company Piramal Healthcare picked up a strategic 5.5 per cent in Vodafone for $640 million. The Piramal investment helped Vodafone meet regulatory requirements.The Vodafone Group entered India in 2007, after buying out Hutchison's 67 per cent stake in its telecom venture with Essar for $11.2 billion.For the six months ended September 30, the operating free cash flow stood at $519 million.The company also awaits the final ruling in the tax dispute wherein the Income Tax Department had slapped a fine of $2.5 billion on Vodafone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511525", "title": "Pandiraj is back with his next venture, Marina", "text": "Director Pandiraj is back with his next venture, Marina. The film, starring Shiva Karthikeyan and Oviya in the lead, is shot completely on the Marina beach, one of the famous landmarks of Chennai.Interestingly, the film also has several kids playing important roles in the film. Shot using candid camera, the film is touted to belong to the rom-com genre. Pandiraj recently released the trailer of the film in theatres. What's interesting is that the title card reads Marina, followed by the tagline - Pasanga Returns.A source says, \"Pasanga was Pandiraj's debut venture, featuring kids in the leads. The film got him much appreciation from all sectors. Since Marina, like his Pasanga, is rooted in reality and has kids playing prominent roles, he decided to have the tagline as Pasanga Returns. But the film is not a sequel to Pasanga!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11511050", "title": "It\u2019s party time for actress Sanjjanna!", "text": "The actress is on a high with her recent release being declared a hit. She is also excited about the release of her Malayalam debut flick.Actress Sanjjanna is elated and why shouldn't she be? After all, she's got not one but two reasons to celebrate. And that is exactly what she intends to do - party hard and celebrate! With her Sandalwood flick \"Ko-Ko\" that released this weekend declared a hit and release of her Malayalam debut round the corner, the actress is on Cloud 9. On Monday afternoon, the actress a.k.a as Archana, tweeted, \"Ko-ko announced a hit,r.chandru and my combo again a lucky hit,god is ther n he gives fruit to al d hard working ppl?happyy ! Its partytime?\".The actress intends to revel in her film's success by partying all through the week. \"I'm just going to party all through this week as my second film with R Chandu, that released on 13th, proved to be a success at the box office. It's time to celebrate until my mega budget Malayalam debut film \" Casanova \" hits the screens. The Malayalam film that has me playing the lead opposite Mohan Lal releases on 26 January.\"\"It's the season of big releases and celebrations for me,\" signs off the doe-eyed actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11504569", "title": "Spot dimly lit, says senior cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not just DSP (communication) Roshan Lal, who seems to be defending his police control room (PCR) staff for the poor reaction to the brawl that left 29-year-old Harminder Singh murdered in Sector 22. Even DIG (headquarters) Alok Kumar echoed DSP's comments on Sunday.Kumar, who had not landed up at the spot on the night Harminder was murdered, said the murder spot was in a dimly lit area, which was not in close proximity of the two PCR policemen, present merely 10m away from the entry point of Aroma eating joint-22 on the night of January 12.Sources from the police told TOI, \"Only SHO of PS 17, inspector Ranjodh Singh, in charge of PP-22, sub-inspector Rajiv Kumar and ASP (central) Deshraj Singh visited the spot with other junior staff.\"DIG Kumar, who is the overall in charge of Chandigarh in the absence of IG P K Srivastava and SSP Nau Nihal Singh, said, \"Prima facie, sub-inspector Lakhbir Singh and a home guard volunteer failed to notice what was going on behind petrol pump.\"Kumar said he was briefed about these facts by ASP (central) Deshraj Singh. But, sources told TOI that the ASP passed the comments divulged to him by DSP (communication) Roshan Lal, under whom PCR vehicles function. IG (UT) P K Srivastava said he will be able to make a comment on the issue after observing all the facts on Monday.The incident of murder is in my knowledge, but I can't make an off-hand comment on whether or not the policemen were negligent. I will have to look into the issue.Anil Kumar | home secretaryUnfair InquiryDIG Alok Kumar refused to answer why only DSP Roshan Lal, who heads the PCR department, had been asked to conduct the probe to find out the lapse on the part of PCR policemen, instead of ordering another official to carry the face-finding probe for a fair inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11504471", "title": "Giant 122-wheeler detained in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: A 122-wheeler giant trailer on the way to Adani Thermal Plant near Tiroda, damaged one of the PWD structures in Gondia early on Saturday. Following which the traffic police here registered an offence against the driver for violation of traffic rules and handed it over to the RTO for further action.According to Gondia Traffic Police in-charge Sunil Ghuge, the 19 feet tall and 90 feet long 122 wheeler, MH 04 / EL/368 was carrying a transformer from BHEL, Bhopal to Tirora.It is not allowed to drive it through the city at day time, but the vehicle went unnoticed as it was early in the morning.However, due to its height, it couldn't cross the railway gate near Kachawani village and had to take the forest route between Goregaon and Tiroda. On its way back it damaged the PWD sign board near the Ambedkar statue.Ghuge said though the driver was carrying a permit from the home ministry, there was one condition that he should inform the traffic police of the town they are driving the vehicle through and further journey should be carried out only with due permission and under their knowledge. But in this case had the vehicle not been stalled at Kachawani, it would have gone unnoticed and now it has been detained by the Gondia police. The name of the driver is Gendalal Chokes (40) of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11505787", "title": "Cops made mockery of trial: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A court has ticked off police for its \"deficient\" probe into the alleged use of a fake caste certificate by one of its constables for his recruitment and has asked the city police commissioner to conduct a departmental probe against the erring investigators.\"Copy of this judgment be sent to police commissioner, Delhi Police for conducting the inquiry against the police officials responsible for conducting deficient investigation of the case, which made the present trial a mockery in the name of the trial,\" said metropolitan magistrate Vishal Singh.The court sought the departmental probe while acquitting Roop Singh, who had allegedly used a forged scheduled tribe certificate for getting the job of constable in 1989-90.The magistrate came down heavily on the police, saying the way the investigation was carried out revealed the police's lack of willingness to prosecute the accused, who was a \"member of its own brass\".The prosecution had said Singh used a forged certificate and after verification by the then DCP, a complaint was registered and he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11506011", "title": "Dadua\u2019s son gets SP ticket from Chitrakoot", "text": "LUCKNOW: Veer Singh Patel, son of notorious dacoit Shiv Kumar Patel alias Dadua, will be Samajwadi Party's candidate from Chitrakoot assembly constituency. On Sunday, SP state president Akhilesh Yadav cancelled the candidature of Sunil Patel who had earlier been given the ticket by the party. Sunil Patel happens to be the son of SP MP from Chitrakoot RK Singh Patel.This is the second time that SP reshuffled ticket allocation in Chitrakoot. Veer Singh, who was allotted the ticket last year in April found his candidature cancelled by December. Speaking to TOI, Veer Singh said that he was asked by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav some nine months ago to nurture the constituency. \"He(Mulayam) had assured me a ticket when I met him after my candidature was cancelled by the party in December,\" said Veer Singh.President of Deokali panchayat until 2009, Veer Singh has been quite popular, at least in his village where he got a road constructed. Dadua's writ ran across Chitrakoot district until 2007 assembly elections. He had then issued a farman (diktat), \"Mohar lagegi haathi par, nahi toh goli chalegi chhaati par\" (vote for BSP or be ready to die).Veer Singh, however, insisted that he had nothing to do with his father. He has been brought up by his uncle and SP MP from Mirzapur, Bal Kumar. \"Since my childhood days, I have been a follower of Mulayam Singh Yadav. There is no reason why I should have shifted by loyalties even after my candidature was cancelled,\" he said. Locals however said that Veer Singh might have contested the election as an independent candidate had he been not allotted a ticket by SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11514533", "title": "Super speciality ortho hospital to open soon", "text": "PATNA: Dr P P Kotwal, head of department, orthopaedics, AIIMS, New Delhi, who was here on Monday to review the work of the Ortho super-speciality hospital at Rajbanshinagar, expressed his satisfaction over the progress of the hospital.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, said all preparatory works have been completed at the hospital and it would be formally inaugurated shortly. Hip replacement and other major surgeries were already being performed at the hospital and soon facilities of knee replacement would be available. Postings of doctors, consultants and nurses had been done at the hospital, he said adding 140 posts of doctors had been sanctioned for the hospital.Soon, an Intensive Care Unit (ICU) would be set up and equipment for conducting digital x-ray would be installed, he added.Sinha said that 25-30 operations are performed daily at the hospital and 500 patients examined at the OPD everyday. The proposed 60-bed hospital is already functioning with 25 beds.An MoU would be signed shortly with AIIMS with regard to the Rajbanshinagar hospital and the Rajendranagar eye hospital to develop them as model hospitals, Sinha said and added cataract operations were already being performed at the Rajendranagar hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11505797", "title": "Neurosurgeon PPS Mathur passes away", "text": "JAIPUR: Renowned neurosurgeon Dr PPS Mathur passed on Sunday away while undergoing treatment at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Hospital.He was admitted to the hospital in a serious condition after he was hit by an unidentified vehicle on January 1. Mathur was going to the Central Park when the vehicle hit him. Since then he was undergoing treatment for head injuries there, a hospital official said. After 15 days of treatment, he succumbed.Mathur was the first vice-chancellor of the Medical University and had been the superintendent of SMS Hospital. He became renowned as one of the best neurosurgeons of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-16"}
