{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16677957", "title": "Quality of state's teachers leaves a lot to be desired", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala's supposed educational prowess took another blow when results of the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET), mandatory under the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act, were announced on Thursday. The state's performance is below the already dismal national average of 7%.Just 9.48% candidates in the lower primary category cleared the test, while 4.19% passed in the upper primary category. In the high school category it was a dismal 3.17%. The board which conducted the exams has announced a cash award of Rs 20, 000 for those who bagged over 80% marks in the TET. Jithinjith P A (Wayanad), Ann Mary Joy (Kottayam) and Minu G S (Thiruvananthapuram) are eligible for the awards. The marks bagged by each candidate have been published on http://www.results.itschool.gov.in.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb didn't seem unduly concerned with the bad showing. \"The results do not mean thatthe standard of candidates is poor. Numerous issues were raised regarding the test by the teachers, including little preparation time. Those who could not clear this will have their chance again after three months when the next test will be held,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16682598", "title": "Bangladesh youth delegation to visit India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 100-Member Bangladeshi youth delegation will be in India on an eight-day visit starting on Saturday on the invitation of Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports.The itinerary involves interaction with local youth, visits to academic, tourist, industrial and cultural sites.\"It also has elements of educational values and interactive session in different areas ranging from infrastructure development, eco-tourism to information technology.The group comprises 57 males and 39 females from diverse background including students young journalists, entrepreneurs, social workers and representatives from voluntary organisations.\"During their stay in India, the Youth delegation will visit historical sites in Delhi and Agra before departing for Kolkata. In Kolkata, they will be visiting the important tourist and popular sites like Victoria Memorial, Asiatic Society, Botanical Garden and Science City.\"The youth Delegation will also have an opportunity to see the footprints of great poet and Nobel Laureate Rabindra Nath Tagore and his beloved creations in Shanti Niketan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677865", "title": "Surprise inspection improves Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital 'health'", "text": "INDORE: Things are changing for the better at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH). After an inspection conducted by the Collector recently, the hospital staff has become punctual and could be seen attending the OPDs on time.On Thursday, SDM Sharad Shotriya conducted the second surprise inspection of the hospital. He along with his subordinate reached the hospital around 8.50 in the morning and remained there for nearly 45 minutes to take account of the services at the hospital. It was found that 90% of the staff was attending their duties. \"During the previous inspection, more than 20 doctors were absent. This time, four doctors were found absent including one each from surgery and ophthalmology and two from medicine department. The number has decreased a lot,\" said Shotriya.According to sources, after the first inspection, the hospital authorities have started maintaining a register and are carrying out regular inspections. \"Late comers are asked to report explanations to the superintendent or are simply marked absent. The duty register is forwarded to the superintendent's office after the scheduled timings,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678169", "title": "CAT asks state to give pension to retired IFS officer", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) on Thursday came to the rescue of a retired Indian Forest Services (IFS) officer, directing the state government to give him all retirement benefits, including pension, within three months of the date of receipt of the order and a compensation of 10,000.The judicial member of the two-member tribunal, G Shanthappa, said V Pasupathiraj had established his case for grant of relief and quashed the impugned disciplinary proceedings against the petitioner. The respondents include principal secretary to the state environment and forests department, principal chief conservator of forests and conservator of forests (Tirunelveli circle).Pasupathiraj, who retired as ECO development officer for Project Tiger in Tirunelveli on October 31, 2007, was denied commuted value pension, surrendered earned leave and salary along with interest on delayed payments by the state government on the ground that he failed to furnish correct particulars to the conservator of forests (Tirunelveli circle) about the actual number of missing dead trees in Vellambikani area. He also failed to furnish the measurement of such trees, it was alleged. The government also said the petitioner failed to exhibit absolute integrity and devotion to duty. For these lapses, a charge memo was issued on September 18, 2006. \"The incident took place between 1995 and 1997, disciplinary proceedings were initiated in 2006 and charge memo issued in 2006. There is no explanation for the delay in framing the charges and in initiating disciplinary proceedings,\" said M Ravi, counsel for the petitioner.The order said there was no specific charge in respect of dereliction of duty as alleged by the respondents. Further, it was not clear when the trees were declared dead and it \"is very difficult to give the measurement or length of the dead trees if asked after a lapse of nine years\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678071", "title": "Model code of conduct comes into force", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Model Code of Conduct (MCC) come into effect with the declaration of election dates. Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra on Thursday issued a complete lowdown on various facets of the MCC and the different vigilance squads formed to ensure that implemention with complete fairness in Ahmedabad.Voting day for Dholka, Dhandhuka, Sanand and Viramgam will be December 13 while the remaing seats of Ahmedabad will exercise their franchise on December 17. Squads have been formed in each assembly segment to implement the MCC while flying squads have also been constituted to keep account of expenditure incurred by each candidate.Thirty nine teams have been formed in Ahmedabad city and 19 in rural areas to pull down political publicity material. Each squad includes an election officer, police officials and a videographer to check on political material in public spaces and slap fines.POINTERS* Citizens carrying Rs 2.5 lakh and above in cash will have to carry documents accounting for the money. He or she must have their PAN card, pass-book entry if the money is withdrawn from a bank and bill if the money is to be paid in cash to any party including hospitals or even for weddings. If accountability is not proved, the IT department can seize the cash.*Each candidate will allowed expenditure to a maximum of Rs 16 lakh.*Candidates will have to take prior approval of election officers for rallies and political meetings. Election officials will ascertain the cost of chairs, sound equipment and other facilities which will be cross-checked with the candidates. The expense estimate of the election officials will be considered final.*If political banners are found put up on vehicles, the expense will be put in the candidate's account.*Expenses of meetings held by star campaigners will be footed by political parties. However, if the stage is shared by candidates or even if their name is taken at the meeting, 50 per cent of the meeting expense will be accounted to the candidate.*Log books of helicopter usage will be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677285", "title": "'ElectroManiac' for masters of circuits at Effervescence 2012", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the fourth day of the ongoing cultural fest-Effervescence-2012 at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) here on Thursday, 'Crossfire', the parliamentary debate competition concluded with Ravit Sachdev &amp; Shantanu Jain from AU emerging as winners and team from IIIT-A as runner-ups among over 50 contestants. Feathers, the writing competition witnessed over 70 participants from which Spriha, AU bagged first position, Hina, Amity Lucknow the second and Ankur, IIIT-A the third. Footloose, the group dance competition was conducted successfully with team \"DX Transformers\" bagging the first prize and IIIT-A home team the second.Gamers asylum also concluded the prelims round for NFS, FIFA-12 and Counter Strike. Carpe Diem,the solo dance competition ended with Ashish Kumar from SHIATS as the winner and Niharika Kurel, Abhinay Mishra as runner ups. Other awards included Best play which was awarded to the IIIT-A team and second to 'Goonj' of MNNIT. Best actor was given to 'Satyendra Nath Dubey' from 'Goonj' and best actress to 'Chuttki' from 'Goonj'.Melodiux also concluded witnessing over 40 contestants from which Shubhendu Pandey,SHIATS emerged as winner and Abhishek Verma,IIIT-A as runner-up. Intuizione, the management event ended with Ankit Jindal, Shivam Verma emerging as winners. Hackathon, the technical event concluded with Sandeep Singh from IIIT-A as winner. Tongues on fire ended with RAVIT Sachdev, Shantanu Jain and Spriya from IIIT-A emerging as winners among participants from different colleges like SHIATS, BBD, AU and others. Coldfire was conducted successfully in which participants Akhil Lohiya and Shikhar from IIT-Kanpur bagged the first and second position. Naruto Quiz ended with Avi Munjal &amp; Sufiyan Ahmad from IIIT-A as winners. ElectroManiac, the offline event about electronic circuits concluded with Prabhat, Soniya, Vivek from Sri Ram Swaroop Memorial College of Engineering, Lucknow proving to be the masters of circuits as judged by Prof.B.R Singh and Dr Shirshu Verma.Bollywood Tambola was successfully conducted with over 40 teams participating from which Ravi Bhaskar , Sumit Bana and Sumit Satnalika were declared as winners.Anurika Vaish, Chairperson of the programme said that the final day of Effervescence MM'12 was going to unleash an ultimate package of fun and excitement with events like Cognoscentia, the legacy quizzing event of IIIT-A marking the start-up. Packed with the toughest questions it will be testing the participants in all arenas of knowledge. Further Ad-Mania, an advertising and marketing event will be held in the premises for exploring the creative skills of the youth.AI-Pod, one of the main technical events will offer a captivating display of perfect blend of robotics and artificial intelligence where contestants will be required to design baby robots which will later traverse a given maze and the one doing so in the least of time will make his master the winner. Magnum Opus, a national level software exhibition is expecting good participation from various colleges of India. To add to the fun some informal events like Tug of War, Double Trouble, Antakshari will also be held in parallel.For the gaming champs, Gamers Asylum will also be held with games like FIFA-12, NFS-Most Wanted and Age of Empires putting the gaming skills on test and for the movie-maniacs, under Silver Screen, screening of movies will be done in the Lecture Theatre all day long. With the evening extending over, some cultural events like La Frenze, A'la Mode and Incendiary will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678502", "title": "What Karnataka argued", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government in its petition seeking a stay in the CRA's directive to release water to TN has stated the following reasons on why it should be done. It quoted the final award of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal, which said: If there are two consecutive bad years, it would cause distress which must be appropriately tackled by the Cauvery Management Board/Regulatory Authority by relaxing the schedule of deliveries and getting the reservoirs operated in an integrated manner through the states concerned to minimize any harsh affect of a bad monsoon year. Karnataka submitted that the shortfall in the Cauvery basin above the inter-state border Biligundlu was 48.3% This was neither denied nor questioned by Tamil Nadu. As on September 10, 2012 the deficit rainfall in TN was 21% and 18% in Karnataka. Agitating farmers in Mysore, Mandya and Hassan have threatened to seize the dam.They believe that any release from the reservoirs would affect their crops, their only means of livelihood. The agitation has affected life in Mysore and Mandya. People's reaction can't be ignored as it can go out of hand. Karnataka's water requirement is 140 tmc ft for irrigation and drinking water. But the storage as of October 2, 2012 is 67 tmcft. Kabini reservoir has suffered the most this year as the shortfall is 55%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "diamond harbour/sarisa", "code": "16677171", "title": "Chief Minister slams Cong at public meet", "text": "Diamond Harbour/Sarisa: It was a busy Thursday for chief minister Mamata Banerjee who first attended an administrative meeting at Diamond Harbour and later addressed a public gathering at Sarisa. Though the sudden downpour played spoiler and Mamata urged the crowd to rush to their homes, the people were too awed by her speech to leave alone their \"Didi\" and shun the leaking shamiana for the luxury of a shade.Instead, they got drenched and cheered Mamata as she revved up her fight against the Congress government at the Centre. Right from blaming the Congress-led UPA government for devising ways to increase prices of essential commodities to calling their moves \"unjust\" and \"proud\", Mamata spent the entire day spewing venom against her mighty opponent.\"Children from the rural areas are attending school regularly because of the midday meal. But the Centre's decision of limiting subsidy on cylinders will adversely affect midday meals when schools will have to pay a steep price for cylinders. They (Congress-led government) are not even leaving out kids from politics,\" lashed out Mamata.Perhaps alluding to a recent statement by Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, where she had expressed surprise at the \"noise\" being raised over FDI recently, Mamata said, \"Rightful protest always wins in the end, drowning arrogance. I promise to keep raising my voice against the uncontrolled price rise that is killing the common man and I will not stop till I am able to reverse such decisions. My fight has just started.\" The meeting was attended by state industries minister, Partha Chatterjee, state urban development minister, Firhad Hakim and mayor Sovan Chatterjee among others.Apart from inaugurating three water treatment plants, the CM announced a slew of development projects in the field of health, education, women's welfare, agricultural marketing and tourism - all within the span of the programme. She promised to turn the district around in the next three years, when \"not a single farmer or poor person in the district will have to leave home in order to look for sustenance.\"The announcements were in continuation of her administrative meeting that she attended immediately before her appointment with the public at Sarisa. She handed over MIS documents of Rs 2 lakh each to family members of people who had died from hooch poisoning last year at Mograhat.Her promises did not end here. She said that at least 52 secondary schools will be upgraded to higher secondary and a women's university will be set up at Diamond Harbour, adding that she was \"deeply moved\" by the display of affection by the people. \"I urge you all to go home because it is not safe to be outdoors with so much rain, lightning and thunder,\" the CM pleaded the crowd, who braved the storm to pay her an audience.Five existing sub-divisional hospitals - MR Bangur, Kakdwip, Baruipur, Diamond Harbour and Garden Reach - will be upgraded to superspeciality hospitals, promised the CM. A medical college cum hospital will also be set up on the border of South and North 24-Parganas, while the Baghajatin state general hospital will be linked to Nil Ratan Sarkar Medical College and Hospital so that difficult cases get automatically referred there.\"I will set up two deep sea ports in the South 24-Parganas. This will generate a huge income. I am also looking forward to the fast completion of the coach factories at Baruipur because it is around these factories that an industrial hub will be set up. The zari workers of Budge Budge and the silversmiths of Mograhat will also benefitted,\" said Mamata, adding that the state government will keep supplying rice to the Aila affected areas at Rs 2 per kilo.Mamata reminded everyone that Bengal is the only state that is endowed with natural resources like the sea, hills and forests. \"We should utilise this to imrpove the tourism prospects of the state. If the world talks about African Safari, I will start similar initiatives at the Sunderbans,\" she promised.During her administrative meeting with all ADMs, the SDO, SP, SDPOs, BDOs and officers in charge of police stations, Mamata took stock of the progress of the district. \"I have reviewed the progress of the district after a year andam happy with the progress, especially under the NREGA schemewhere from Rs 21 crores, we have been able to spend Rs 137 crores now. The district is also doing some path breaking work on mangroves and Sundarban development,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681834", "title": "Dr. Conrad Murray to be released from jail?", "text": "Dr Conrad Murray , who is currently serving a four-year sentence after being convicted of involuntary manslaughter for Michael Jackson's death, could reportedly be released from jail in months.The former physician is apparently telling the mother of his child that he may be able to serve out his prison sentence from his home as early as December.\"Dr. Murray has told his girlfriend/baby mama Nicole Alvarez that he could be out of jail by Christmas,\" a source revealed to Radar Online.\"Murray was sent to jail almost a year ago and was sentenced to four years in state prison. However, because of jail overcrowding, Murray has been serving his sentence at the county jail in Los Angeles and is expected to serve two years of the four year sentence.\"Murray is rumoured to be growing exceedingly impatient with his legal team's inability to get him out of jail.\"Dr. Murray is absolutely miserable behind bars and has been getting increasingly frustrated with his lawyers for not getting him out of jail,\" the source shared.\"He believes that he could be granted bail on yet another appeal that is being filed, or sent home to finish his sentence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678385", "title": "4 sentenced to life in murder case", "text": "MADURAI: Four persons, including two women, were sentenced to life imprisonment for murder by a Madurai court on Thursday.Joseph Savarimuthu Kennedy of Karimedu in Madurai had been attacked by four persons - John Britto (22), A Joseph Kennedy (33), Kulandhaiammal (48) wife of Mariadas and Mariaselvam (36) wife of Simoyon Raj on September 4, 2009 over a family dispute. His brother, Sebastian was also attacked by the gang. Both brothers sustained injuries and Kennedy, succumbed at the Government Rajaji Hospital. Karimedu police registered a case for murder and attempt of murder against the four persons. The case came up for hearing before Judge M Jothiram on Thursday, who sentenced all four to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 1,000 for the two women and Rs 1,500 for the men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677115", "title": "BJP should stick to its word on Lokayukta, insistsIndia Against Corruption", "text": "PANAJI: India Against Corruption (Goa Chapter) has observed that if the Goa government had promptly acted, the failure to appoint a Lokayukta before the September 30 deadline could have been avoided.IAC Goa has expressed reservations about the composition of the newly set-up \"search committee\" which is expected to suggest names of potential Lokayuktas and Upa-Lokayuktas. The advocate general, the chief secretary and the law secretary, ie all the three members of the search committee, are direct government nominees and hence can't be expected to act impartially in the matter of suggesting names for the post of Lokayukta, IAC Goa coordinator Valmiki Naik. It is ironic that the advocate general who heads the committee will have to defend the government before the Lokayukta, Naik added.The search of Lokayukta by the AG-headed panel will undermine public faith as there is a perception that such a Lokayukta will favour the causes by the AGNaik said that the government has not explained why it has gone back on the Bharatiya Janata Party's written promise during election of having a Uttarakhand-type of Lokayukta. IAC Goa has pointed out that the Uttarakhand Lokayukta Bill provides for a transparent, neutral, and more objective selection process involving a search committee and selection committee,Uttarakhand Bill mandates that the selection committee consist of the following:- (i) chief minsiter, (ii) opposition leader, (iii) two judges of the Uttarakhand high court selected by collegiums of all judges of Uttarakhand high court, (iv) One person from previous chairpersons of Lokayukta (who is the senior-most chairperson); (v) two members will be selected by the other members of the selection committee [(i) to (iv) above] from amongst the retired Chief Justices of India, the retired judges of the Supreme Court, the retired chiefs of Army, Navy and Air Force, the retired Chief Justices of high courts, the retired judges of high courts, the retired chief election commissioners of India, the retired chief central information commissioners, the retired chairperson of Union public service commission , the retired cabinet secretaries of the government of India and the retired comptroller and auditor generals of India with reputations of impeccable integrity, who have not joined any political party after retirement and who are not holding any office under any government.The Uttarakhand bill says shortlisting of candidates will be done by the search committee. There will be a search committee of five members who are persons of eminence in public life with impeccable integrity.The members of the search committee will be nominated by the selection committee out of persons mentioned in (v) above. The search committee will invite nominations from such eminent individuals or such class of people or such organization, whom they deem fit, for the position of chairperson or the members of the Lokayukta. It also provides in the bill that such nominations as are received will be put on a web site for inviting information from the people in respect of nominees.The search committee after taking into consideration the information received from all the sources shall prepare, preferably through consensus, a short list of 4 times the number of persons to be appointed as chairperson and members of the Lokayukta.The Uttarakand bill also says that any nomination to which objection is raised by any two members of the search committee shall not be included in the short list.The selection committee shall, after considering all relevant information about the short listed candidates, select the chairperson and required number of members of Lokayukta preferably through consensus. However, a person shall not be selected if three members of the selection committee disapprove such names.The selection committee, if more than one member is to be selected, shall select the members of Lokayukta preparing the list in order of preference which will be used as inter-se seniority among the members.Compared to this, the selection process of Goa Lokayukta as per the Goa Lokayukta Act, is quite different. The lokayukta is to be appointed by the governor on the advice of the chief minister in consultation of the chief justice of the high court and leader of opposition. It is for this reason, president of Goa People's forum and IAC activist Satish Sonak said that the Goa government wants a hand-picked Lokayukta.Criticizing the Parrikar government, he said if the government believes in transparency, then it must implement what the BJP promised the people during election - that of Uttarakhand amendment on selecting Lokayukta. \"Otherwise, it will not be Lokayukta, it will be Rajya-yukta\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679130", "title": "Kudumbasree workers sing a protest raga in capital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Humming the verses 'Kudumbasree helped us emerge from the kitchen to the forefront of society...', from a poem written by their mother, Abhi and Anaswara were proud to realize that their mother whom they had only seen working in the kitchen is also a good poet.Sheeba, their mother and a Kudumbasree worker from Palakkad, was also enthused to find the poet in her being acknowledged by the people gathered around her. She is in the city with her kids to be a part of the day-night sit-in organized before the Secretariat by the Kudumbasree Protection Council.\"I have written around five songs now. We wanted to do something innovative to convey our message. Hence, we decided to sing songs. When I started penning down my thoughts, my colleagues found that there was rhythm and rhyme in them. This gave me more encouragement,\" smiled Sheeba. She and her friends have been writing and tuning songs on-the-spot for the past three days.Since Tuesday, about 2,000 Kudumbasree women have been gathered in front of the Secretariat to protest against the state government's decision to allot Rs 14 crore for the Janasree Mission.The peaceful protest which stands out from the routine Secretariat marches in several ways is also providing a platform for Kudumbasree volunteers from different parts to bond together. Sathi from Kannur, Radha from Thrissur, Subaida from Palakad, Padmini from Wayanad and Leela from Kasargod had never dreamt that they would come to the state capital for a sit-in dharna in their late forties and would meet each other.\"Nobody can dismantle our Kudumbasree Mission. Each one of us know how our lives have changed after we became a part of it. Kudumbasree has eradicated poverty and misery from our lives. It enabled us to recognize our inner strength and motivate the weaker women around us,\" said Sathi.Padmini, who was injured in an accident on the first day of the protest, said she would not leave her comrades behind to go back home to take rest. \"The doctor told me that I have a minor head injury. I am under medication now. Even though my teammates are forcing me to go home, I want to stay back. It is a matter of my bread and butter,\" she said.Leela was excited to see the Secretariat and Padmanabhaswamy Temple which she had only seen in pictures and on television. \"I remember learning a chapter in Malayalam about Ananthapuri. You really cannot guess how thrilled I was to see the city. I never thought that I would be able to travel so long and visit Anantha Padmanabhan,\" said Leela.Sleeping on the roadside and being away from the family for more than a day are something new for most of the women. \"Did you see us sleeping here? We sleep on the footpath here -- no doors, no protection and a lot of mosquitoes,\" chuckled Seemanthini. A makeshift kitchen in the premises of a nearby institution provides food, tea and snacks to the protesters.The protesting women, who are uncertain about the future course of their strike, are a little upset over the negligence meted out to them by the government. So far, there hadn't been any effort to settle the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677177", "title": "Trains to arrive at platform no. 9 rescheduled", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Due to the work of installation of washable apron on platform number 9 of Allahabad railway junction, trains scheduled to arrive on this platform are now arriving on other platforms.Giving this information, Manzar Karrar, public relations officer of NCR informed that work of installation of washable apron has started from October 3 which would continue upto November 1.Train number 15199 Chapra-Durga Sarnath Express, train number 14511 Allahabad-Saharanpur Nauchandi Express and train number 22104 Faizabad-Lokmanya Tilak Express which earlier arrived on platform number 9 would now reach platform number 8 of Allahabad railway junction.Train number 22442 Kanpur-Allahabad Superfast intercity Express would now arrive at platform number 6 instead of platform number 9 while train number 15003 Kanpur-Anwarganj Chauri Chaura Express would arrive at platform number 10.Similarly, train number 14370 Bareli-Singrauli Triveni Express, train number 14369 Singrauli-Bareli Triveni Express scheduled to arrive on platform number 9 would now arrive on platform number 7.Train number 22131 Pune-Maduadih Gyan Ganga Express, train number 22132 Maduadih-Pune Gyan Ganga Express and train number 11033 Pune -Darbhanga Express which earlier arrived on platform number 9 would now arrive on platform number 10. Train number 11034 Darbhanga-Pune Express would now arrive at platform number 6.Train number 15267 Raxual-Lokmanya Tilak terminus Express, train number 15268 LTT-Raxaul Express, train number 18609/18610 Ranchi-Lokmaya Tilak Terminus and train number 11037 Pune-Gorakhpur Express scheduled to arrive on platform number 10 would now arrive on platform number 2 of Allahabad railway junction. Train number 11070 Allahabad-LTT Express would now arrive at platform number 10 instead of platform number 9.Train number 19570 Varanasi-Okha Express and train number 19569 Okha-Varanasi Express would now arrive at platform number 10 of Allahabad railway junction. Train number 22104 Faizabad-Lokmaya Tilak Terminus would now arrive at platform number 8 instead of platform number 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677318", "title": "Demolition drive upsets traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Chandni Chowk redevelopment plan has been put on hold, North Delhi Municipal Corporation has started a special drive against unauthorized construction and encroachments in the area. Traders say that instead of providing basic civic facilities to lakhs of traders and residents of the area, the corporation is just adding to their problems.\"The civic agency has done nothing for the development of the area, but now they want to clean up the area. They should first provide good civic facilities before carrying out demolition. Moreover, the corporation should have served a notice before carrying out any demolition in the area,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.North corporation started the drive on Wednesday and is planning to carry it out throughout the Walled City. \"There have been many complaints of encroachment and illegal construction,\" said Y S Mann, director press and information, North Corporation.This has upset the traders as massive unauthorized construction has been carried out by religious trusts in the area. Officials say that action will be taken against all illegal properties.\"We are first focusing on commercial establishments. We will then take action against religious trusts if they have encroached upon public land,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677210", "title": "Fresh SC look at Mayawati's disproportionate assets case likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday decided to hear in open court a petition seeking review its July 6 judgment quashing the CBI's FIR accusing former UP CM Mayawati of amassing disproportionate wealth, raising the prospect of a fresh judicial look at the politically sensitive case.The decision by a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Dipak Misra is significant given that an overwhelming majority of such petitions are dismissed in chamber without lawyers for the parties getting an opportunity to argue their stand.But the bench's decision to hear Kamlesh Verma's petition in open court will provide him the opportunity to cite facts and try to convince the court to reconsider the decision to quash the FIR against Mayawati. After the CBI went back on its initial resolve to seek review of the apex court's judgment quashing the DA case FIR against Mayawati, Verma had on August 4 filed the petition requesting the court to permit the agency to take the investigation already done in the case to its logical conclusion.Verma had intervened in the proceedings before the apex court in the petition filed by Mayawati seeking quashing of the FIR. He had alleged that the July 6 order of the apex court quashing the CBI investigation was based on wrong facts pleaded by the former UP CM.The SC said it had on July 16, 2003, directed the CBI to probe the alleged illegality and irregularity committed by officials and other persons in the release of Rs 17 crore for the Taj Heritage Corridor scam, but it had not directed the agency to register an FIR on the alleged disproportionate assets of Mayawati.In its July 6 judgment, the court had objected to the CBI registering an FIR in the DA case showing a Supreme Court official as complainant when there was no specific direction for lodging an FIR to probe her alleged disproportionate wealth.During the hearings on Mayawati's petition which came to be filed in 2008, the court had permitted the CBI to submit probe status report. The agency, in its affidavits, repeatedly said that it had got enough material to file charge sheet against the former CM.Verma's review petition filed through advocate Kamini Jaiswal said more than a year after the direction to probe the Taj Heritage Corridor scam, the apex court on October 25, 2004, had de-linked the DA case FIR from the scam and said, \"In any event, CBI will be entitled to take action on the basis of the investigation as it may think fit.\"Verma's review petition said Mayawati had filed the writ petition in SC to thwart CBI from filing the chargesheet. \"The judgment under review belies the requirement of public policy that cases of corruption by public servants cannot be dealt by courts with a technical approach,\" he said.\"Rather, public policy required that even if there was some technical flaw in the investigation, same could not have been given precedence over the overwhelming evidence collected by the CBI against Mayawati,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676758", "title": "Neighbour murdered Timarpur teacher", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old failed businessman and neighbour murdered Madhu Mehra, a 62-year-old retired teacher, at her Delhi Administartion flat in Timarpur on October 2. Rahul Prasad Singh, aka Ricky, was convinced Mehra was sitting on a pile of cash she had received on her retirement. He thought it'd be a good idea robbing her to recover his Rs 20 lakh loss in business, police said.Ricky is a Class XII dropout of a respected east Delhi school and his father has a respectable job with the Burari transport authority. The north district police picked Ricky up on Thursday and asked him some tough questions. He cracked up easily and told the interrogators his story. It had taken Ricky and his friends Rahul Gautam, 19, and Nadim, 24, three days to plan the strike on Mehra. All three are in police custody.Ricky's family moved to Timarpur two years ago from Bhajanpura, northeast Delhi. There, he had befriended Rahul, who doesn't have a job, and Nadim, a rickshaw puller. Both these men are from Loni, Ghaziabad.\"Sometime ago, Ricky started a business with a Rs 20-lakh loan from his father. He wanted to make spy phones (these can pick up calls within a 50-m radius). He drafted technicians to develop software for his product. But by the time he rolled out his phone, dirt-cheap Chinese models had already hit the market. His fledgling business went bust. Ricky's father refused to bail him out,\" an investigator said.By then, they had moved to Timarpur and Ricky had struck up a warm relationship with Mehra, his neighbour. Trusting him, she had talked freely of saving enough for her twilight years. This played on his mind and he decided to rob her.Mehra knew Ricky too well and it'd be stupid of him to actually take part in the raid on Mehra. He told his pals to help. They'd get a share of the booty. Ricky'd play mastermind. \"The initial plan was to ambush Mehra from behind when she was returning from the market. The plan was abandoned. The gang decided they'd barge into Mehra's flat when she'd open her front door to collect drinking water. Mehra mostly stayed out on Sunday and Monday and the plan flopped,\" an officer said.On Tuesday, Mehra's neighbour in flat B404 (her house number was B119) was holding a yagna for their new house and this gave the gang the perfect opportunity. \"They bought fruits worth Rs 200, chopped them to pieces so that they looked like puja offerings (prasad). Around 10.30am on October 2, Gautam and Nadim knocked at the victim's door, introduced themselves as new occupants of B404. Mehra asked them in. She went to fetch water for her guests. And, when she returned, they asked her to hand over to them her cash and valuables. Mehra refused. She tried to raise an alarm. This was when the duo smothered her to death,\" the officer added.Having silenced her, the accused turned the victim's house upside down, searching every corner for valuables. They found Rs 5,500, a gold necklace, a Kisan Vikas Patra, 20 national savings certificates and some other items.The police said initially Ricky tried to lead the interrogation team led by ACP Anil Yadav up the wrong track and tried to implicate Rajender Kumar, a lab assistant, who visited Mehra often as he had taken a Rs-10,000 loan from her. \"But this statement had holes and as the police quizzed him more, he gave in. We knew we had to keep questioning the five men who had access to Mehra,'' said DCP Pillai.Ricky has two sisters - one in school and the other in college. \"The incident has shaken the middle class family. They can't believe Ricky was involved with such a heinous crime,'' a source said.Mehra lived a sad life buffetted by repeated tragedies. She moved to Timarpur in 1995 after her husband and son died in accidents. She taught science at the Nehru Vihar Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya and two years ago, had sought an extension of service. \"She lost her husband, A K Mehra, when her son was a few months old. Her son died in an accident 15 years ago. Her parents stayed with her. They passed away a couple of years ago. She has a sister who lives elsewhere in Delhi and did not speak to her,'' said an officer.Mehra, police say, hadn't registered with the senior citizen cell, but was careful about her security. \"She had a set rickshaw puller who took her to the market and dropped her at her school. She never opened the door to strangers\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679112", "title": "Residents recall the terrifying half hour", "text": "PUNE: It was half an hour of sheer terror for residents of Kishkindhanagar slums in Kothrud as miscreants ran amok through the slums beating up residents who came in their way and damaging vehicles in the early hours of Thursday.The residents, including old women and those who had gone out of their homes to answer nature's call, fell prey to the miscreants who thrashed them brutally with iron rods and sharp weapons. The people, who were inside their houses, did not dare to come out since the miscreants were throwing big stones on the roofs and breaking window panes. The residents stayed put near the doors through the remaining hours of the night to prevent the miscreants from entering their houses if they came back. The miscreants torched one motorcycle and damaged 24 vehicles including two-wheelers, three wheelers and a truck.Dattatreya Randive, who was severely thrashed by the miscreants, told TOI, \"Even though the miscreants fled after the police reached, we could not sleep the entire night fearing they would strike again.\"Randive, who is a daily-wage labourer, said that around Wednesday midnight he had gone out of his house to answer nature's call. \"The youths, armed with iron rods and sharp weapons, blocked my path. They hit me on my knee, but I managed to run back inside my house before they could attack me again. The attackers were hurling abuses at everyone and even threw big stones on the roof of my room. My children were sleeping inside and anything could have happened to them,\" he said.He added, \"I work on daily wages, but my knee injury will prevent me from going out to work for the next four to five days. I do not how I will feed my children.\"Another resident, Sunil Kamble, was fast asleep outside his house when he was attacked. \"I woke up to a major blow on my leg. Even before I could get my bearings, I was beaten up with iron rods,\" Kamble said.Kamble's neighbour, Anita Palase, said that the miscreants threw a big stone and broke the window pane in her house. \"My children were sleeping near the window but they fortunately escaped unhurt,\" Palase said.Balu Dolare told TOI that the miscreants tried to enter his house by breaking open the main door. \"They were trying to kick the door open, but my wife and I put our weight against the door to prevent it from breaking. However, they managed to break the upper portion of the door and thrust their weapons inside our house,\" Dolare said.The miscreants also torched a motorcycle in Kishkindhanagar. Mahendra Shinde said, \"Before setting my motorcycle ablaze, they broke all the water storage drums outside the houses in the area, so that we would not get water to douse the fire. We somehow managed to douse the fire and prevented it from spreading.\"Shinde said that the miscreants did not even spare a physically challenged woman. \"They were thrashing my neighbour Rupesh Khanekar, when his physically challenged mother Suman Khanekar tried to intervene. They did not even spare her and thrashed her with rods before fleeing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677529", "title": "Amending a schedule doesn't require President nod: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In an important order, Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has ruled that amending a schedule for making variation in tax levied on vehicles doesn't require President of India's nod. \"As the Bombay Motor Vehicles Tax Act has been duly enacted with President assent on August 23, 1958, the variation in the rate of tax by amending a schedule does not require his fresh consent. The amendment in schedule cannot be assailed as ultra vires on this ground,\" a division bench comprising justices Ambadas Joshi and AV Nirgude ruled before dismissing a PIL filed by Jalna-based Maharashtra Tour and Travels and Bus Owners Association.Its secretary Rakesh Agrawal has challenged taxation of buses owned by their members, which were \"kept for use\" and classifying the same in the category of first schedule attached to Bombay Motor Vehicles Tax Act, 1958. He argued that the President's assent was not secured to carry out amendments for levying additional tax.\"While the basic legislative action of passing the enactment has already received the assent of the President, the amendment in the schedule as to levy is left to subordinate legislation within the power of executive. It would be too imaginative and strange to urge that the power of the executive to vary rate of tax prescribed in the schedule would every time require assent of the President,\" the judges said.They added that buying the vehicle, registering it, and keeping it for use awaiting a contract carriage is a business eventuality. \"For any owner to be eligible to apply for permit for contract carriage, the vehicle has to be roadworthy and ready to be \"kept for use\". Therefore, taxing such a vehicle is as natural as a postulate. There is no element of violation of fundamental right creeping therein.\"The judges stated it was a contingency that the petitioner did not have business and was unable to have business and hence had not applied for permit and, therefore, they could not run the buses. \"This contingency does not bring the vehicles outside sphere of the term \"kept for use in State,\" the judges said while rejecting petitioner's prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676303", "title": "BSP accuses ruling SP of trying to malign its image", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party on Thursday accused the ruling Samajwadi Party of conspiring to malign its image by misusing powers and levelling baseless and false allegations against its leaders.\"To hide its failure, the SP government is playing tactics to malign BSP's image by misusing power and through false and baseless allegations,\" leader of BSP legislature party Swami Prasad Maurya said while talking to the reporters. He claimed that baseless allegations are being levelled in the name of inquiry into alleged scam in Labour and Construction Cooperative Federation (LACCFED) without any evidence.\"Names are being taken to defame us. If any allegation is proved right, I will resign, otherwise the SP people should resign,\" said Maurya, and added that by levelling baseless and false allegations an attempt is being made to send a wrong message and foil BSP's Sankalp Rally being organised on the death anniversary of its founder Kanshi Ram on October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679440", "title": "Resurvey is a race against time", "text": "Mangalore: It will literally be a race against the clock for DK district administration when they embark on a resurvey of endosulfan affected victims in 92 villages in Bantwal, Belthangady, Puttur and Sullia taluks of the district. While the administration has identified October 10 as the launching date of the survey, the magnitude of the task can be gauged from the fact that they have to complete it before the end of the month, amidst Dasara holidays. CM Jagadish Shettar ordered the resurvey following a high-powered meeting held on Saturday last. Minister for Health Aravind Limbavali followed it up with a visit to Kokkada, one of the endosulfan- affected villages in Belthangady on Wednesday and reiterated the government's resolve to resurvey the villages to get an accurate fix of people who have suffered consequences of spraying of the off patent organo chlorine insecticide. Acknowledging enormity of the task before the district administration, deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda told TOI that two to three teams will be formed to complete the task before the month end. Aravind Limbavali had told reporters at Kokkada on Wednesday that the CM will convene a meeting this month end for a follow up and the numbers arrived at the resurvey will form the basis of how the government takes forward their rehabilitation. The minister also accepted a demand by Sridhar Gowda of the Endosulfan Virodhi Horatta Samiti, Kokkada that the administration actively involve people in the affected villages to expedite the resurvey work. Sridhar in a memorandum to the minister had pointed out that the Samiti knows the ground realities better and should be made party to the resurvey. In addition, experts such as Ravindranath Shanbhog, Nithyananda Pai, Shree padre, Sanjeeva Kabaka, Kushalappa Gowda and other NGOs will be involved in the resurvey process and one advisory committee comprising all stakeholders will oversee the process. DC said, \"It will be a touch and go to complete the process by this month end and we have indicated to the government that there could be a few days of delay due to holidays in between.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16677879", "title": "Graft: Meet ends sans discussion", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A special Kozhikode corporation council meeting convened to discuss a resolution on the propriety of deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef continuing in office after he was named in a graft case FIR was dispersed without discussing the issue. The meeting was convened following a high court direction.Chairman of the welfare standing committee M Radhakrishnan, who chaired the meeting in the absence of mayor A K Premajam and deputy mayor, put to vote the agenda presented by opposition leader M T Padma. As many as 37 councillors from the ruling party opposed it while the opposition abstained from voting. Following this, Radhakrishnan wound up the meeting amidst protest from the opposition members.When the council met at 3pm, secretary B K Balraj read out the direction from the high court to hold the meeting. The chairman then asked Padma to speak on the agenda. She said 30 councillors have signed a notice demanding a discussion whether it is morally proper for the deputy mayor to continue in the post when he is facing corruption charges.Ruling party floor leader M Mohanan said the high court had not made it clear what should be discussed at the meeting. The matter should not be discussed as it is sub judice. The chairman said the high court had directed to hold the meeting as per the provisions of Kerala Municipality Act, which bars discussion on issues that are before the consideration of court.Later, talking to reporters, opposition leaders said the LDF sabotaged the court order by circumventing the discussion. Opposition deputy leader K Muhammadali said the UDF will again approach the court seeking justice. \"The CPM wanted to avoid a discussion on the issue as it would expose chinks in its rank. There are many councillors who are unhappy about the developments. Given a chance, they will open their mouth against the party leadership, which will be an embarrassment for the CPM,\" he said. The opposition said the point whether a discussion on deputy mayor would amount to breach of sub judice was considered by the high court before arriving at a decision.Radhakrishnan, however, said the court had asked the secretary only to make arrangement for conducting a meeting. The court had not given any direction on what should be discussed at the meeting. \"A meeting convened under Section 7 (2) of the Kerala Municipal Act has no special procedures. As the majority was against a discussion on the issue, it was disallowed by the chair,\" he said.Opposition had asked the mayor several times to convene a meeting after Latheef was mentioned in the FIR filed by the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau in a case related to allotting an ATM on the premises of the corporation office during the tenure of the previous council. The UDF went to the high court after the corporation secretary refused to convene a meeting of the council to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677809", "title": "Arms suppliers arrested in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Two arms suppliers were arrested and sent to jail in Nagri village on Thursday. The duo, Niraj Kumar and Shikandar Sahu, were held with two countrymade pistols and few bullets. K P Yadav, officer-in-charge of Nagri police station, said those arrested were youths.Meanwhile, a group of railway contract labourers on Thursday blocked Ranchi-Hatia rail line at Birsa Chowk demanding their jobs back. Fifty four workers were fired from A2Z four months ago. A2Z is on contract to clean the Ranchi railway station. The labourers demonstrated on the railway lines under the banner All India Central Council of Trade Union Jharkhand Rajya Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "sanguem", "code": "16677178", "title": "Waste dumping irks Sanguem folk", "text": "SANGUEM: Residents of Kharkhatiaghati ward in Sanguem, along with staff and students of government polytechnic in Cacora, have urged the Curchorem-Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) to take immediate measures to stop the disposal of industrial waste and garbage in Cacora.Although the waste is being dumped in Cacora, most affected by the stench, etc, is Kharkhatiaghati, which is situated at the border of the Sanguem and Curchorem-Cacora municipal areas.Talking to TOI, Mahadev Karekar from Kharkhatiaghati complained of large-scale dumping of industrial waste and garbage generated by the industries at the Cacora industrial estate. Industrial waste from the nearby Cuncolim industrial estate is also dumped there, he alleged.Students of the polytechnic and residents alleged that foul smell was emanating in the area as huge heaps of garbage are formed there. Farmers whose fields are located nearby have also complained about the decrease in productivity in recent years. They said that waste had slowly started flowing into the fields, and the same being non-biodegradable, had affected fields.Villagers said that the area stinks and is fly-prone. Another Kharkhatiaghati resident Custodio Pereira said that unlike in the past, they cannot afford to keep their utensils open even for a minute, because of the fear of flies falling into them. He said that their attempt to use pesticides and other sprays had failed to yield results.Villagers said that since the polytechnic in Cacora and the district court, which lies in Sanguem, are situated just a few meters from the dumping site, authorities should look for some other place to dump the garbage.When contacted, chief officer of the Curchorem Municipal Council Agnelo Fernandes said, \"Despite frantic efforts, the municipality could not identify any site, and this is the only site which is found to be suitable for setting up of a garbage treatment plant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16677586", "title": "NCR residents blame politics for power cuts", "text": "NOIDA: Massive power cuts over the last few days in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad has shaken the confidence of residents in the state government. Though the power corporation claimed that the situation is limping back to normalcy, outages ranging for several hours were reported from the three cities even on Thursday.The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has been attributing the long hours of cuts to several factors, including sudden dips in generation at power plants to lack of funds to buy electricity from other sources. The power corporation also said its has inadequate transmission infrastructure.However, residents allege that non-availability of power in the three cities has more to do with political than technical reasons. Vikram Kasana of the Evergreen Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida said, \"While Etawah, Saifai and Mainpuri are getting 24X7 supply of power, Noida, Ghaziabad and Greater Noida, which generate maximum revenues for the state, are being neglected.\"Accusing the Akhilesh Yadav government of having violated the principle of 'right to equality' in its prejudiced approach in distribution of power, a PIL was filed last month in the Allahabad high court. A report has been sought by the court from the Uttar Pradesh State Electricity Regulatory Commission regarding power supply to chosen districts of Uttar Pradesh while ignoring others. The Hindu Personal Law Board has challenged 24X7 power supply to districts of UP including Rae Bareli, Amethi, Etawah, Rampur and Kannauj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675377", "title": "'Rain forces delay in CoP-11 works'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The biodiversity conference began on October 1 and is currently underway, but the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has been able to complete only 50% of the works that were proposed as part of the beautification drive of the city ahead of the conference.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu admitted at a press conference that though works to the tune of Rs 170 crore were sanctioned, they could complete the works amounting to only Rs 87 crore as on Thursday. He said most of the prioritized roads like from HICC, the venue, to hotels and historical places were completed and that the ongoing works would be completed by October 8. The balance works would be taken up after CoP-11, the commissioner said. According to him, the corporation is spending nearly Rs 60 crore for recarpeting the roads.\"The works got delayed due to rain, limited number of contractors and limited readymix material plants. Generally rainy days in September are limited to 6-7 days, but this year, there were 17 rainy days. This had stalled the works. The other reason being contractors, who take up roads works, are in limited numbers and they have also got works from Roads and Buildings department and National Highways for the same CoP-11,\" the commissioner said.The commissioner said over 90% of the re-carpeting, expansion and laying of new roads that were proposed near the venue were over. These include the four-lane road to HICC, East Gate road and link roads like Road No 36 to Ayyappa Society and Road No 39 of Jubilee Hills. He said they were planning to get another important road near CoP-11 venue, from mini Charminar to NAC gate (at least one lane), and some ongoing works like Charminar to Falaknuma ready by October 8.He added that the works on some roads such as Tank Bund to Kavadiguda and Himayatnagar to Osmania University campus, though scheduled, were not taken up. These works would be taken up only after the conference.Mural arts, the commissioner said, were proposed on eight flyovers in the city, apart from scrap and stone sculpture. The works were underway and would be completed in a day or two. He said the works on signages, proposed on the three major corridors at a cost of Rs 10 crore, were not taken up as one of the contractor went to the court while one agency was rejected due to supply of inferior quality material, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675403", "title": "Teaching aspirants hold protest in Osmania University", "text": "HYDERABAD: Confusion prevailed on Osmania University campus during a protest held by AP SET candidates on the day of the announcement of their results. AP SET is a state-level eligibility examination for lectureship in state universities and colleges. While OU authorities have announced that only 8,004 candidates out of the 32,655 who had qualified in the examination would be eligible, the protesters said that such screening was against UGC guidelines.Students disrupted a media conference held at OU on Thursday when authorities announced that out of a total 96,955 candidates who had appeared for the examination32,655 students who had secured qualifying marks only 8,004 would be awarded APSET certificates since most state colleges did not have any vacancies at the moment.tnnThe protesting candidates said that OU did not have the right to screen candidates who had secured qualifying marks. \"APSET is not an entrance examination. It's an eligibility test like the National Eligibility Test. The university cannot screen certain candidates and award them certificates by violating the basic rules of the examination,\" said Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, Government Junior College Lecturers' Association.With the protesters disrupting the news meet, university authorities insisted that the decision to award limited certificates had been taken by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679170", "title": "Underworld back in business, say police", "text": "MUMBAI: The attack on hotelier B R Shetty (51) indicates that the underworld is back in the extortion business, police said. Cops suspect the involvement of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's aides in the case.Shetty owns hotels and pubs in Mumbai, Bangalore and Malaysia and is also involved in the real estate sector. On Wednesday night, Shetty was on his way to meet a friend at Andheri (W) when two bike riders fired four bullets at him. Shetty sustained a bullet injury on his right arm and cops suspect that a bullet also grazed his chest. He is recovering at a private hospital.Shetty is reportedly close to a controversial police officer. A senior police officer said, \"Shetty is not giving us any details about his business activities, so it is difficult for us to come to a conclusion about the motive behind the attack. The attackers fired four bullets at Shetty with an intention to kill him but he survived because of his presence of mind.\" Shetty had sped away from the spot and driven to the Oshiwara police station.Shetty told the police that in 2008, Chhota Rajan had threatened him over the phone and in 2010, another fugitive gangster, Ravi Pujari, had called him and enquired about his business activities. Shetty had reported both the incidents to the police. After studying the attackers' modus operandi, cops suspect that they belonged to the Rajan gang. The police will question Rajan's jailed aides and also those out on bail about the incident.Cops claim to have gathered valuable information about the attack from CCTV footage, a source said.Around 10pm on Wednesday, Shetty left from his office on Link Road, Andheri (W), in his Skoda for his friend's house nearby. He was alone in the car and had slowed down the vehicle to turn into a lane when two men on a bike closed in on the vehicle's right side and fired four shots. The pillion rider had fired four rounds on him. The bullets pierced the window shields and one bullet hit on his right arms.While entering the police station he screamed for help stating that he was shot at. The policemen at Oshiwara immediately covered Shetty and tried to locate his attackers, but in vain. The policemen took Shetty to the hospital in their vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16677064", "title": "Naveen woos Koraput with development projects", "text": "KORAPUT: One-and-a-half years before assembly elections, chief minister Naveen Patnaik seems to be rolling up his sleeves to woo the electorate for a fourth stint in office.The chief minister stopped by at Maoist-hit Koraput district on Thursday, launching projects and promising a free flow of funds for the KBK districts in the state.\"The state has initiated various developmental projects and your support is crucial to its success,\" said Patnaik, addressing a gathering at the OSAP ground in Koraput after launching the cattle breed improvement programme, which aims to breed animals through artificial insemination.\"Steps are being taken for the development of health, education and irrigation in Koraput district. We are committed to ensuring better irrigation facilities in the area and the work for it has already begun. At least one lift irrigation centre will be made available in every panchayat across the state,\" Naveen said.He also launched the Saakshara Bharat scheme which aims to cover all adults in the age group of 15 and above, with primary focus on women , to promote and strengthen adult education.The chief minister also opened a sanitary napkin manufacturing unit to be run by a women's self help group (SHG) at Koraput. Besides, he launched as many as seven mobile veterinary units in the district, designed to provide veterinary services at the doorstep of farmers in inaccessible areas of the district.Among other schemes, the chief minister launched the Prerana scheme through which post matriculation scholarship claims of ST/SC/OBC and minority students will be deposited in the bank accounts of eligible students to ensure timely disbursal of scholarships with greater transparency and accountability. He also distributed 6,015 land pattas and unveiled a booklet called Barta Batika which contains messages and information of different flagship programmes under various departments.The chief minister's visit was, however, opposed by the district's Congress unit. Scores of Congress workers, led by former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati, shouted anti-government slogans and displayed black flags against the chief minister at the meeting venue.\"At least 14 Congress workers, including the former legislator, have been detained for showing black flag to the chief minister,\" said Koraput police station IIC Subash Chandra Raiguru.Meanwhile, the chief minister was forced to cancel his visit to Malkangiri district owing to inclement weather on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679649", "title": "Regularizing colonies may be difficult for JDA", "text": "JAIPUR: Regularizing the colonies that have been developed on any land acquired by the state government will be literally like biting the bullet for the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA). On Wednesday, the state cabinet gave a nod to provide basic facilities such as roads, drainage, sewerage etc to the residents by regularizing these colonies. However, there are around 435 colonies which might fall out of league. A JDA source said, \"Out of approximately 800 unregularized housing colonies falling under the (JDA) periphery, regularization of 360 colonies can be done easily. There are a few colonies which cannot be regularized as the matter is pending in the Supreme Court.\" This year in June, the JDA prepared a list of 1,722 housing schemes that developed before 1999. Other than that, between 1999 to 2002 around 614 housing colonies were developed by the housing societies. The official said, \"So far, we have regularized approximately 1,000 colonies. However 600 colonies have not been regularized due to various reasons. Around 800 colonies in the JDA periphery are yet to be regularized .\" In the list of 360 unregularized colonies, majority of them are not developed as per the building planning committee (BPC) norms. \"To get regularized , it is necessary for the developer to reserve 40% area as facility area for parks, roads etc, while, 60 % area should be taken as construction area. After the state government provided relaxation to these colonies, they will be regularized easily.\" The official also claimed that there are various problems in regularizing the 435 unregularized colonies. \"The land conversion of around 149 colonies cannot be done. Similarly, there is a sale and purchase record of these colonies.\" Apart from it there are around 189 colonies falling under the ecological zone as per Master Plan 2025. Moreover, the construction area in 35 colonies is more than 80 per cent. An official claimed that apart from these colonies, the authorities will try to regularize dispute colonies soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678349", "title": "Panchayat secretary suspended", "text": "MADURAI: A panchayat secretary was suspended by the district administration for irregularities in the construction of government group houses for beneficiaries in Kenjampatti village in T Kallupatti block.District collector, Anshul Mishra ordered the temporary suspension of panchayat secretary, Arjunan after its president, Subramani lodged a complaint with the district administration that former panchayat president, Pandi and Arjunan had swindled the funds to the tune of Rs 3.85 lakh while constructing the group houses.Based on the complaint, an inquiry by the assistant director of audit was ordered and the inquiry revealed that the work order for construction of 25 houses was sanctioned in 2009 - 10 through panchayat union. Among these houses, seven beneficiaries were already sanctioned the houses under Indira Memorial Housing Scheme during 1991-92 and the houses were constructed by 1999.Using their names and forging their signatures, the amount of Rs 3.85 lakh was swindled from the panchayat funds with the help of the then panchayat president, Pandi and Arjunan. Based on the inquiry, Mishra ordered the suspension of Arjunan and directed the police to file cases against the duo. Further, the district administration has also ordered departmental action against the officials, who worked in the project during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16682747", "title": "Amdavadis to curtail expenses this festive season", "text": "AHMEDABAD: High inflation and an uncertain investment environment may make consumers in Ahmedabad cut down on their spending this festive season. According to a study by industry body Assocham , over 69 per cent of people in Ahmedabad feel that rising inflation may take the sheen off the festive season.With festivities around the corner, 51 per cent of the respondents said that they plan to spend less as the prices have gone up. While over 54 per cent of the respondents will buy only on sale or discounts, 27 per cent will spend less on sweets, clothes and other things. About 12 per cent will buy fewer gifts whereas five per cent will buy recycled gifts.Over 78 per cent of the respondents said that if they plan to spend, higher discounts will be the incentives for them.As for gold shopping on the auspicious occasion, over 68 per cent of the respondents said that they will spend three per cent of their total budget on gold items. Twenty seven respondents said that they will spend money on sweets and clothes, nine per cent people will spend on buying a vehicle, eight per cent will spend on gifts, food and drinks, 12 per cent will spend money on renovating the house and eight per cent Amdavadis will spend on electronic goods.About 47 per cent of the respondents said that they will pay for their purchases by using a credit card.Last year, middle and lower middle income families in the city spent nearly 29 per cent of their salary on Diwali for shopping, sweets, gifting, among other things.\"Over 65 per cent of the respondents said that this Diwali, they will make sweets and savouries at home, thus saving around 20-30 per cent money,\" the study said.The survey was conducted in a period of two months beginning August to September 2012 in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Pune, Chandigarh, Dehradun , among others. A little over 200 employee were selected from each city on an average. Delhi ranks first in curtailing their expenses followed by Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679040", "title": "Cholera spreads along capital's coastal belt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the district health administration sought to downplay the number of cholera cases in the coastal areas, top sources in the department, privy to the situation in Puthiyathura and Pulluvila, said more people have been affected by the epidemic.\"At least 12 cholera cases have been confirmed in the region,\" a source said. The official count stood at two.On Thursday, around 10 people visited hospitals, complaining of acute diarrhoea. The district health administration has been maintaining that the use of contaminated water caused diarrhoea, and there was no need to panic.The residents of Puthiyathura and Pulluvila, however, remained under fear, as number of diarrhoea cases increased daily.After the first two cases were detected, more than 25 cases of acute diarrhoea have been reported till Thursday from these areas. \"People here are panic-stricken following reports of wide-spread instances of diarrhoea from the coastal village,'' said a health worker, involved in disease monitoring.Though the health administration has been trying to dispel fears, it has put in place a round-the-clock surveillance mechanism in the area.Sources said that the construction of 2,200 toilets in the area led to the present state. The digging for these toilets contaminated the drinking water as many of them were constructed near sources of water.Residents have been defecating in open spaces, and while digging for constructing toilets, human waste contaminated the drinking water, sources said.Authorities have now deployed health squads to educate the colonies on the need for using hot water. The residents were also being warned against consuming packed drinks or juices. A team of doctors was also camping in the area for spot assessment.However, the coastal belt of Pulluvila and Puthiyavila stared getting drinking water following the intervention of revenue minister Adoor Prakash, who holds the additional charge of health.The supply of drinking water started from Wednesday and the people have been told to store it in closed containers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679582", "title": "\u2018Slot time to educate women NREGS workers\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government would be requesting the Centre to dedicate one hour from the mandatory eight hours of labour required for the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS works to educate women workers . The state government picked up the idea from the UN women leadership summit where a woman sarpanch from Dungarpur district made the suggestion to improve women literacy rates in rural areas . Bhavana Damor , a third time sarpanch from the Rampur Mewada gram panchayat that has been an unreserved seat since the past two panchayat elections , came up with the proposal to check migration of women and children from southeastern districts to the neighbouring Gujarat state in search of employment during lean agricultural seasons . \"Educating women during NREGS work hours is a good suggestion ; on behalf of the state I shall take it up with the Union government ,\" additional chief secretary (panchayati raj ) C S Rajan later said at the daylong summit on Thursday . Semi-literate Damor was highlighted at the UN summit on political and economic empowerment of women in South East Asia as representative of a 'woman's resilience' to be the leader in a largely patriarchal system . \"Women are persistent ; so has been Bhavana in her competition against men candidates determined to end women leadership in her village council . So girls and boys (in Damor's panchayat ) could go to school, women could read and write , roads were built and villagers could have clean water and sanitation ,\" said Michelle Bachelet , executive director of UN women , emphasising on women's importance in governance and policy making", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680674", "title": "'Drug policy does not offer much benefit to consumers'", "text": "MUMBAI: The national pharma policy, once implemented, would lead to a value erosion of around 2% of the overall pharmaceutical market. In other words, the overall benefit to consumers will be a meagre 2% in their basket of purchase of medicines. This is how the 2% value erosion in the industry was arrived at: The scope of the proposed policy extends to capping prices of 348 essential medicines (as per the national list of essential medicines 2011), which covers around 17% of the Rs 68,000 crore market, or roughly Rs 11,393 crore.Based on the drug pricing formula approved by the Group of Ministers on September 27, the revision in prices will bring down the market to Rs 10,084 crore, or by around Rs 1300 crore, which is around 2% of the total pharma market (Rs 68,000 crore), according to market research firm, IMS.This debunks the widely-held perception that the policy would lead to a huge reduction in prices, and substantially impact companies, experts pointed out.Also, since the scope of medicines under price control has been substantially narrowed with crucial drug combinations not being under the purview, so the impact is reduced.Says Mira Shiva, founder co-ordinator of AIDAN (All India Drug Action Network) and who had also filed the PIL in the Supreme Court to bring in a 'rational drug policy: \"Since the key drug combinations are not included, the benefit to consumers will not be much. Also, the Tamil Nadu government procurement price is still several times cheaper than the weighted-average formula\".The ceiling price for products in each of the medicine categories is likely to be decided by Weighted Average Price (WAP) formula, by considering all packs that have more than 1% market share in that category.The average price reduction on the NLEM drugs is around 11.5%, while it ranges 0 to 50%on the top-10 industry ranked drug brands, IMS says.The maximum impact of price reduction will be on anti-infectives and cardiac drugs, according to IMS. Of the Rs 1300 crore market erosion, nearly half --Rs 510 crore will be in anti-infectives, while cardiac drugs will lead to a shave-off of Rs 236 crore.Popular anti-infectives include the market leader Augmentin, and others like Azithral, Ceftum, Taxim-O, while cardiac drugs include Atorva and Storvas.The impact on gastro-intestinal drugs will be around Rs 107 crore, which will be followed by derma with a Rs 76-crore reduction. Around 76% of the value erosion is in acute therapies like anti-infectives, while the balance is from chronic ailments, like cardiac and others.Of the estimated Rs 1300-crore value erosion a major portion, around 57% will be borne by domestic companies, with the balance spread among multinationals. The maximum impact amongst the domestic companies will be on Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's and Cipla by 5.1%, 3.7% and 2.6% respectively, while GSK will be most adversely affected amongst MNCs.The scope of policy coverage will increase to about 25% of the pharma market, if the existing medicines under the Drug Price Control Order are also taken into account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680764", "title": "Dahisar mangroves shrank most, Carter Road's thickened: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Disturbed by the city's constantly depleting greenery, a group of five students set off on a project to track the state of three mangrove-lined localities at Dahisar, Versova and Carter Road. Their monthand-a-half-long survey showed up widely divergent results. While there has been widespread destruction of mangroves in Dahisar, the green cover at Versova has showed little change and that around Carter Road, in fact, appears to have increased over the past decade.\"Dahisar mangroves barely look like mangroves as these have been encroached upon; the area is now a large slum. Garbage has been dumped in every nook and corner and it is difficult to walk around that area,\" said one of the students.The survey was undertaken by second-year BSc students of St Xavier's College at Dhobi Talao. They inspected satellite images from over a decade for all the three areas. \"The green patches around Dahisar mangroves are slowly vanishing due to the rising sprawl of hutments around Ganpat Patil Nagar,\" said Rutvij Kulkarni (18).The encouraging part of the results, on the other hand, was the thickened cover at Carter Road. \"While the government and local authority are doing their best to maintain the greenery, credit goes to the advanced locality management,\" said Avkash Jadhav, professor in-charge of the project.The survey also showed traces of sewage water hitting the Carter Road mangroves, which the students aim to highlight through the project.The Versova cover showed little change over the past decade, a student said.Other than encroachment and sewage, dumping of garbage is another serious concern. \"Both the government and locals need to be more aware about the environment to care for it.\"NATURAL BUFFERS AT RISKAround 35% of mangroves have been lost in the last century St Xavier's College students conduct a survey of three mangrove-lined locations across the city, which shows up:DESTRUCTION AT DAHISARGanpat Patil Nagar slum encroachment over the past three years Dumping of debris on the edges of the mangrove stretch is also seen Several cases have been filed against builders over 50 acres of mangrove landSTATUS QUO AT VERSOVAGovernment measures and local governance body have ensured a defined boundary of protected area But, dumping of waste in the vegetation raises a stinkGLAD TIDINGS AT CARTER RDThe green patch off Carter Road has considerably increased over the years But sewage and drains continue to wash into the mangroves. This might pose a threat to the mangroves", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678567", "title": "\u2018British Columbia keen on linkages with SMEs'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"British Columbia is keen on building linkages with SMEs ( small and medium enterprises) of this region. BC has a skilled and inventive workforce, competitive business costs and a high quality of life,\" said Chaitanya Patil, director, India Trade &amp; Investment, Business Columbia.Its research centres and expeditious supply chain gives BC a strong competitive edge in several key industry clusters such as agriculture, food processing, education, and green technology, added Patil.He was speaking at an interactive session organized by PHD Chamber of Commerce with the delegation from British Columbia, who were in Chandigarh for exploring business opportunities between the Canadian province and India.The seminar, \"Business Opportunities in British Columbia, Canada\" was held at PHD House on Thursday.R S Sachdeva, the co-chairman, Punjab committee of PHD chamber of commerce delivered a welcome address, focusing on British Columbia and India's bilateral trade relationship and future prospects.Patil gave a presentation and discussed the profile, geography and economy of BC, pointing out that British Columbia is Canada's Pacific gateway, at the crossroads between Asia and North America.Dalip Sharma, regional director PHD chamber of commerce said that India and Canada have a longstanding bilateral relationship based on shared democratic values and multi-cultural, multi-ethnic and multi-religious nature of the two societies.In recent years, both countries have been working to enhance bilateral co-operation in a number of areas of mutual importance.G S Sobti, trade advisor, Canadian High Commission, Chandigarh gave an overview of Canada that \"offers good opportunities for investment as the country is endowed with vast natural resources.\"He added that both the Indian and Canadian companies could cooperate in exploring the possibility of setting up joint ventures in third world countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679030", "title": "55cr expansion plan for museum", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC, along with the trust that maintains the Bhau Daji Lad museum, has charted out a Rs 55-crore expansion plan for the museum. Amenities on the lines of international museums like the one in Singapore will now be provided at the museum.The highlight of the expansion plan is the construction of an exhibition area, souvenir shops, heritage conservation laboratory and seminar halls in the area behind the museum, which currently features some dilapidated structures.The central government will contribute Rs 5 crore towards the expansion plans, while the civic body and the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), which runs and maintains the museum, will contribute Rs 25 crore each.A decision to this effect was taken on Wednesday in a joint meeting held by civic chief Sitaram Kunte, mayor Sunil Prabhu and standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale and INTACH officials. The new construction will add 50,000 sq ft to the existing building. The museum hosts at least 1.5 lakh visitors every year, of which 10% are foreigners.\"The budgetary provision for the project will be done in next year's budget and the expansion will be completed by 2015 Consultants will be appointed to prepare models for the new structure and the one who submits the best model in terms of design and architecture will be awarded the contract,\" said Shewale. He said that the budgetary provision for the project will be done in next year's budget and the project will be completed by 2015.The Bhau Daji Lad Musuem, which is Mumbai's oldest museum, hosts at least 1.5 lakh visitors every year, of which 10% are foreigners. had been renovated between 2003 and 2007. Built in 1872 as the Victoria and Albert showcase, the museum is symbolic of Mumbai's growing importance as a trading hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676539", "title": "Trade unions unite for anti-reforms stir on December 18 and 19", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the government's push for FDI in retail , insurance and pension funds, all major trade unions have decided to come together and protest from a single platform by first agitating across the country on December 18 and 19 and then marching to Parliament on December 20, while the winter session is on.This will culminate in a two-day strike of workers on February 20 and 21 while the budget session is in sway. The strike by trade unions under one umbrella will be a first.\"These measures have made it clear that the UPA government is a rightist government fully dedicated to the interests of corporates and working at the behest of foreign multinationals,\" CPI leader and AITUC general secretary Gurudas Dasgupta said after Thursday's Cabinet decisions were announced.\"In the name of reforms, the government is dangerously moving ahead to liberalize and privatize to enable corporates to tighten their hold on the economy, to rollout red carpet to FDI at the great peril of the people,\" Dasgupta said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16678492", "title": "No complaint against Chand: Fiza\u2019s counsel", "text": "MOHALI: Rohit Mahajan, the counsel of deceased Fiza Mohammed, aka Anuradha Bali, withdrew her complaint levelling charges of rape and criminal intimidation against former deputy chief minister of Haryana, Chander Mohan, in the district courts, Mohali, on Thursday. Fiza had filed the complaint against her husband Chander Mohan, aka Chand Mohammed, when he had telephonically divorced her in 2009.The court had earlier issued notices to Chander Mohan in the case. Mahajan said, \"The complaint was withdrawn as the complainant had died and so the case could not be pursued.\" Fiza Mohammed was found dead in her house under mysterious circumstances on August 6 and the forensic examination of her viscera had found the presence of pesticides and ethyl alcohol in her body. Fiza's death is a mystery and the Mohali police is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16675620", "title": "Lagadapati urges Centre to reject T demand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stating that he felt the Telangana movement was losing steam, Vijayawada Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal on Thursday urged the Centre to announce that there would no division of the state and that the status quo would continue.Emboldened by CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy's assertion that Andhra Pradesh could not be divided on political grounds, Lagadapati met Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and presented a report on the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march held in Hyderabad on September 30. The 16-page report contained pictures of the vandalism and violence resorted to by protesters along with satellite pictures of the crowds on Necklace Road. Talking to reporters, the Vijayawada MP said that the report contained details of T-JAC's violations of the undertaking given by them about holding a peaceful march.Stating that the lack of numbers at the T-march was a clear evidence of the diminishing strength of the T-movement, he said that the Centre should make it clear that any division of the state was not possible.\"Before 2004 andsay 2009, people from Telangana were enthusiastic about joining the movement. There were occasions when lakhs of people had turned up for meetings. This time, the T-march could not attract more than 30,000 supporters as is proved by satellite images of the crowds at the protest,\" Lagadapati said.Talking about the talks Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhar Rao has been reportedly holding with Congress leaders in Delhi, Lagadapati slammed the stories as being dubious. \"Talks are never held in secret. We have seen Mizo talks, Naga talks and Gorkhaland talks. They were held under the supervision of the home ministry,\" he said, adding that the home minister had not met KCR.Reports of consultations in Delhi was only to confuse the Telangana people, he said. \" Vayalar Ravi , Ghulam Nabi Azad and Oscar Fernandes met KCR at his invitation only. And they agreed to meet him only because they did not want to displease a former cabinet colleague. Beyond that, the so called T-consultations are a fraud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677359", "title": "Aero sports centre opens at Air Force station Bamrauli", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Air Marshal J Chauhan AOC-in-C Central Air Command inaugurated the Central Air Command Aero Sports Nodal Centre at Air Force Station Bamrauli on Thursday.Harminder Chauhan, President AFWWA (Regional), Officers and personnel of Air Force Station Bamrauli, were also present on the occasion.Indian Air Force has three Aero Sports Nodal Centers located at Hindon, Bagdogra and Sulur. The nodal centre at Bamrauli, under the aegis of Central Air Command will be the fourth one, with IAF. The nodal centre has procured two new Powered Hang Gliders (PHGs) for training the air warriors on the adventure flying.AOC-in-C has formally inaugurated the PHG flying at Air Force Station Bamrauli on October 1. After the inauguration, the AOC-in-C and Harminder Chauhan took the first flying sorties in the PHGs.The Powered Hang Gliding (PHG) is a new and emerging concept in adventure sports. These gliders procured by CAC are named \"Cruiser\" with Japanese make HKS 700 engines are manufactured at Bangalore. They have a seating capacity of two persons and endurance of 3 \u00bd Hrs of continuous flying with an average fuel consumption of 12 Ltrs/Hr. The gliders have a cruising speed of 90 Kmph.IAF is promoting various adventure sports activities and PHG is the latest addition. These adventure activities are an excellent tool for all round development of the human resource by providing the individual with recreational sports.The gliders will be used for training of personnel from various units under Central Air Command and other units of IAF. The Nodal Centre has got one qualified instructor and two others who are undergoing training. The Centre is planning to undertake regular PHG training and participate in various adventure activities planned by Air Headquarters Adventure Cell, in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677312", "title": "Winter session under Gujarat poll shadow", "text": "NAGPUR: It is all two months away, but there is strong chance of the Gujarat elections casting its shadow on the winter session of the Maharashtra state legislature. As per the schedule announced by the Central Election Commission on Wednesday, voting in Gujarat is to he held in two phases - on December 13 and 17. The winter session of the state, an annual event for the second capital is scheduled to start on December 10.Since it is a neighbouring state, political leaders from Maharashtra are always in demand as star campaigners as well as poll managers in Gujarat. With election campaign there likely to be in full swing during the first week of December, leaders, right from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to several other leaders from different communities in the Congress and the NCP may be required to tour Gujarat. Similarly, BJP leaders, including its national president Nitin Gadkari, who happens to be member of state's upper house, may have to spend more time in the poll-bound western state.There is a strong speculation that the winter session may be rescheduled in order to avoid clash of interests of the political parties. Earlier, winter session was advanced to November 19 from December 3 in 2007 to avoid clash with election dates on December 11 and 16. The dates may be tinkered this time too as otherwise the proceedings of the session will be diluted.The winter session this year is being eagerly awaited for two specific reasons - one is political and the other a ceremony. The 'white-paper' on irrigation projects that the chief minister has promised to present during the session may have far-reaching repercussions on the ruling partners' (Congress and NCP) future ties, more so as there is a perception that the Congress is trying to use the white-paper as a weapon to cut the NCP, that controls the irrigation ministry, to size in the state. The second reason is the concluding ceremony of the diamond jubilee of the state legislature for which prime minister Manmohan Singh has been invited and December 15 was fixed as tentative date for the grand function.Meanwhile, principal secretary (legislature) Anant Kalase informed that there was no move yet from any political party to seek change in schedule of the winter session for which preparations have already begun. \"As far as I know, the session begins on December 10,\" he told TOI.On the Gujarat turf, Sonia Gandhi rally in Rajkot hours before the poll schedule was announced and Narendra Modi's one-man-show leading his party campaign has already warmed up the situation. The Congress wants to curb Modi's chances as a win for third successive term may also catapult his chances in the prime ministerial race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16677968", "title": "Residential projects breathe life into realty", "text": "KOCHI: The city's realty sector, which witnessed few activities for almost a year, has come alive again with the announcement of many residential apartment and villa projects by leading builders. The announcement came after genuine buyers posted enquiries and the industry has now registered an upward trend. Sources said at least 10-15 projects have been announced over the past few months.Prominent builders who have announced their projects include Meridian Homes, Asset Homes, Kent Constructions, SFS Homes, RDS Projects, Dream Flower Housing Projects and Noel Projects.\"The industry has not seen many announcements during the past 2-3 years. But now builders have started announcing projects and the sales are picking up. The price has not increased quite some time and it has helped sales,\" said secretary of Builders Association of India (Kochi) Prince Joseph.Builders felt that the trust factor, which customers lost following the Apple a Day property scam, has returned. They said buyers are now looking at only those developers who were able to complete projects on time. Non-resident Indians have also started buying properties. \"The demand is from real-time buyers with investors taking the backseat. Over the past two months, sales have picked up, which is surely a positive sign,\" said Dreaming Flower Housing Projects director Fazil A S, who recently announced two projects in Kochi.However, builders are cautious as Kochi is yet to offer big-time opportunities that ensure a steady stream of buyers.Kochi: The city's realty sector, which was seeing few activities for almost a year, has become live again with the announcement of many a residential apartment and villa project by many leading builders.Many builders have announced their projects following enquiries from the genuine buyers registering an upward trend. According to industry sources, the realty sector in the city has witnessed announcements of 10-15 projects over the last few months.Prominent builders who have announced projects include Meridian Homes, Asset Homes, Kent Constructions, SFS Homes, RDS Projects, Dream Flower Housing Projects and Noel Projects.\"The industry has not seen many announcements during the last 2-3 years. But now builders have started announcing projects with the sale picking up. The price has been remaining stagnant for sometime and it has resulted in the increase of sales,\" said Kochi chapter of the Builders Association of India secretary Prince Joseph.Builders feel that the trust factor, which customers lost following some irregularities in the sector, has now come back. According to them, buyers are now looking at only those developers who were able to deliver projects on time. Non-resident Indians have also restarted their buying spree.\"The demand is now mainly from real-time buyers with investors taking the back seat. And the sale has been registering an upward trend during the last two months, which is surely a positive sign,\" said Dreaming Flower Housing Projects director Fazil A S, who has recently announced two projects in the city.However, builders are still cautious as Kochi is yet to offer big-time employment opportunities, like metro cities in the country, to ensure a steady number of buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16675593", "title": "Sub-inspector, home guard booked for abetting suicide", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A criminal case under section 306 of IPC was booked against a sub-inspector of police and a home guard here on Thursday. The cops were booked on the charges of abetment of suicide following the death of an accused in an old case who made an attempt on his life five days ago.ACP CSN Rao confirmed the registration of case against SI Janakiram and home guard Ramesh in connection with the death of Ramakrishna, a mason of Patapadu area. Ramakrishna consumed pesticide in front of Payakapuram police station last week alleging that police had been harassing him over an old case. He was rushed to a private hospital where he died on Wednesday. The family members and relatives of the victims protested at the government general hhospital on Thursday when the body was brought for autopsy.They prevented the doctors from conducting the postmortem demanding penal action against the accused cops. However, police claimed that Ramakrishna was absconding since July after they booked a case against him based on a complaint lodged by a woman neighbour. The woman charged that one Nehru had misbehaved with her when she was bathing. Police initially booked a case against Nehru and subsequently named Ramakrishna after the woman identified Ramakrishna as the original culprit.Since then, Ramakrishna had been eluding police but appeared on September 29 only to make an attempt on his life.The incident created ripples in the city police circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676095", "title": "All trains brought under train running info facility", "text": "LUCKNOW: To make it convenient for passengers, Railways has expanded the train running information facility to cover all the trains. Passengers can log on to www.trainenquiry.com and get the accurate information about train name, train number, source/destination of the train or a combination of these.Initially, information about selected 36 important trains ( Shatabdi, Rajdhani and Duronto) was only available on the website. The facility is also available on SMS. People can send an SMS to 139. Passenger has to type SPOT and send it to 139. The information about the train will be delivered on his mobile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16678046", "title": "India, Bangla to curb drug smuggling", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerns over largescale smuggling of Phensedyl cough syrup \u2014 which is also used for intoxication \u2014 and synthetic drugs dominated talks between narcotics control wings of India and Bangladesh on Thursday where both countries agreed to step up measures to track down smugglers' networks in each other's sides through sharing of real-time information.Representatives of Bangladesh rued how Phensedyl was being smuggled into their territory for intoxication while India flagged it as a major item to be paid for in fake Indian currency notes (FICNs) by smugglers.\"Phensedyl is sold in Bangladesh almost 15 to 20 times more than the price in India. It is suspected that the smugglers pump in FICNs as payment to those smuggled consignments,\" said an official who attended the talks. Commonly used cough syrups are tricky because they contain codeine phosphate, an opiate that gives the 'high' associated with drugs. It has huge demand in Bangladesh where alcohol is banned, making it a profitable item for smugglers.During the meeting, officials from both countries noted how bottles of Phensedyl were being smuggled through various means including hiding them inside pumpkins and coffins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678216", "title": "Website on Valmiki Tiger Reserve to be launched on Oct 9", "text": "PATNA: In an initiative to conserve the Gangetic river dolphin, the state government would celebrate October 5 as Dolphin Day, at Rabindra Bhavan, Patna. The central government had, on October 5, 2005, declared dolphin as national aquatic animal.This year, screening of film, PowerPoint presentation and poster exhibition on dolphins will be organized to celebrate the day. School and college students, fishermen, experts and representatives of non-government organizations will participate in the celebration.Earlier this year, the state government set up a Gangetic Dolphin Research Centre. The Vikramshila Gangetic Dolphin Sanctuary is India's only such centre and spread over 50km along the Ganges in Bhagalpur district.RK Sinha, an expert on Gangetic river dolphins and chairperson of the working group for dolphin conservation set up by the central government, said, \"Gangetic river dolphins are being killed at an alarming rate by poachers for their flesh as well as oil, which is used as an ointment and aphrodisiac. Their carcasses are regularly found on the river's banks.\"Sinha has requested the state government to depute local people as 'dolphin mitra' and launch an awareness campaign among students of schools and colleges.Meanwhile, a painting competition was organized for school students at Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park on Thursday. Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park director Abhay Kumar Sharma said, \"On the concluding day of wildlife week on October 9, a dedicated website for the Valmiki Tiger Reserve would be launched and the 10 automated gates of the park would also be opened the same day.\"He said a Hyderabad-based private agency is installing the gates at a cost of Rs 27 lakh. \"The park records footfalls of around 6,000 people every day during summer. It increases up to 10,000 during other seasons. The manual system slows down the entry process and is quite time-consuming and the quality of the tickets would also be improved,\" he said.Patna zoo, too, soon have a dedicated website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16677205", "title": "CCMC gets cracking on 28 'illegal' structures", "text": "MARGAO: Eleven illegal structures were razed by the Curchorem Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) in the first phase of a major demolition drive undertaken by it on Thursday. These had been spared the axe for long despite the 1997 high court order mandating that all footpaths and public passages be freed of all illegal encroachments.The CCMC had earlier identified 28 illegal structures for demolition in the first phase. But 13 of the identified 28 structures dismantled their encroachments on their own, while two others raised objections claiming that they were wrongly identified. Action on the remaining two units will be taken in the next phase, it was informed.The exercise which was carried out under strong police protection passed of smoothly without any untoward incident. \"The demolition was long overdue. I can't comment on why they were not demolished all these years, as these structures were clearly on public pathways. However, the demolition exercise passed off peacefully, as the traders and the public cooperated,\" chief officer of the CCMC Agnelo A Fernandes told TOI, at the end of the exercise which lasted for nearly four hours.A strong posse of policemen led by Curchorem PI Sidhant Shirodkar kept a strict vigil as the demolition squad went about razing the structures to avert any law and order situation. Fernandes along with joint mamlatdar Laxmikant Kuttikar oversaw the operations.\"The next phase of the demolition, targeting all encroachments on road widening areas will be taken up after holding a meeting with the PWD and all stakeholders, including the traders' association,\" Fernandes said.Sources said that the demolition of the structures during the second phase will be taken up only after a proper demarcation of the encroached areas, with a view to ensure that public resistance doesn't come in the way of the exercise. Over a 100 traders are likely to be affected during the second phase of the operation.The CCMC has sent its newly-formed rehabilitation policy for affected traders to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) for its approval. \"Once we get the nod from the DMA, we will invite claims from traders for rehabilitation as per the new eligibility criteria decided by the council,\" Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677623", "title": "11 policemen under probe for forgery of documents", "text": "PANAJI: Eleven police officers are being investigated for their alleged involvement in the sale of a second hand car in a case that 'may have wide ramifications on the security of the nation'.The state government has appointed South Goa additional collector Narayan Navti to investigate the nexus between police personnel who allegedly forged documents and impersonated the car's original owner, as well as ICICI bank officials, transport department officers and criminals, if any.Navti has been asked to find the reason why sufficient importance is not being accorded to the constant cellphone contact police officers have been maintaining with one Floyd Coutinho.In May 2010, activist Jowette D'Souza had complained to the chairman of state legislative assembly's home committee of the existence of a well-organized criminal corruption nexus between the police department and hard core criminals.\"The allegations made by D'Souza are of serious nature and the same call for thorough probe by an independent agency and if found to be substantiated they may have wide ramifications on the security of the nation,\" the order issued by under secretary (home) Neetal Amonkar said.\"Coutinho was involved in the swords seizure case at Moti Dongor at Margao, wherein 17 swords were found in a cabin of a truck and FIR registered under the Arms Act,\" D'Souza had alleged in his complaint.Navti has to inquire why Coutinho's alleged involvement in the Moti-Dongor sword seizure case was not connected with his activities in purchase of cars allegedly made with forged documents and destruction of evidence by burning a car he owned.Police officers involved in this case are a superintendent police, a deputy superintendent of police, eight police inspectors, including two suspended inspectors, and a police sub-inspector.\"The inquiry officer shall submit his report including his suggestions if any to the government within the period of six weeks from the date of issue of this order\", the order said.The government has also asked Navti to find whey there was no investigation despite a specific complaint against police officers.Navti will also inquire as to how Coutinho, who has a criminal background, is called as a pancha witness by police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677286", "title": "Kuwait Airways told to pay Rs 25 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kuwait Airways has been ordered by the apex consumer commission to pay Rs 25 lakh as compensation to Rajasthan Art Emporium for delaying the delivery of its consignments of handicrafts to the US 16 years ago.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) gave the order holding the airline guilty of \"negligence, inaction and passivity\" for not delivering the goods sent by the emporium to its US-based buyer, Williams Sonoma Inc, on time.The NCDRC also observed that the emporium had paid air freight charges of Rs 24.48 lakh, which was ten times more than the sea freight, so that the consignment could reach its buyer quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677334", "title": "Government bailout for Vidarbha sugar mills to help Congress", "text": "NAGPUR: Cooperation minister Harshwardhan Patil has asked his department to prepare a proposal for bailing out the closed cooperative sugar mills of Vidarbha. There are eleven closed mills, most of which are owned by Congress leaders including Santosh Korpe, Ranjit Deshmukh, Balkrishna Wasnik, Baburao Tidke, Manikrao Thakre, late Ram Meghe, etc.Sources in the cooperation department said that Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee ( MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre and EGS minister Nitin Raut had held a meeting with Patil in Mumbai seeking revival of sugar factories of the region. Senior officials were also present in it.Thakre and Raut told Patil that one time settlement (OTS) of the mills with banks was pending with the cooperation department. They urged Patil to provide money to the mills for OTS. The mills had been closed down by Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank ( MSCB), which had ex-deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar as one of its directors, for their failure to repay loans. The officials told the minister that the bailout package would cost Rs300 crore to the government. The minister told them to prepare a proposal.A cooperation official said that Vidarbha's Congress leaders were exploiting the schism between NCP and Congress leaders of Western Maharashtra to their advantage. \"Till now, all the bailout packages were for Western Maharashtra, which is a stronghold of NCP. Now Congress leaders have decided to help Vidarbha, where the party is strong,\" the official said.Later, Thakre told the media that the revival of the factories would generate employment in Vidarbha and help farmers. \"They will give a boost to sugarcane cultivation in the region. The crop fetches good money for farmers,\" he said.Vidarbha also has four private sugar factories. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari had recently purchased two closed cooperative mills while Kinetic Engineering had taken over a mill in Amravati district. One mill was started by Gadkari as a private factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16678218", "title": "'No online flirting' included in wedding vows", "text": "MELBOURNE: Modern couples believe a vow to avoid flirting online should be a matrimonial promise, while 34% refuse to say the traditional \"till death do us part\" at the altar, a new Australian survey has found.According to a survey of 1,200 Australians, both sexes supported a commitment to be faithful and not be flirtatious online, with 72% of women and 62% of men favouring this as an inclusion in modern vows.For men \"cherishing\" their partner was the most important vow and for women, to stand by their partner in \"sickness and health\" . Equal sharing of child rearing was also identified as an important wedding vow, the survey by InsuranceLine said. Only 18% of women said they would pledge to obey their partner against 27% of men. \"What's evident is that we still believe that loving, cherishing and protecting each other is important , but there is a greater emphasis on equality and supporting each other,\" InsuranceLine spokesman John Hoyle said.On wedding day, men too want to look goodIt's not just the bride who is under pressure to look good on her wedding day, even grooms are shelling out on haircut, waxing and plucking eyebrows to look their best, says a new UK study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676126", "title": "Man subjects wife to third-degree torture, missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the help of his brothers a man allegedly suspended his 38-year-old wife upside down, tonsured her head and put chilli powder in her private parts in Maal police station area late on Wednesday night.The man suspected his wife was involved with another man of the same village. The accused are Shivkumar and his brothers Ramu and Shivbaran, all residents of Kedaura village in Maal police station area. All of them are absconding, said police confirmed.Maal police didn't pay heed to the woman's complaint and kept her waiting, writhing in pain outside the police station all night. The complaint of the woman was finally registered after the intervention of the senior police officials, said family members of the woman.Shivkumar was married 20 years back and had been living with his wife and four children, the eldest a 16-year-old daughter.According to Shivkumar's wife, he had suspecting her of having an affair with a man from the same village.At around 11 pm on Wednesday, he called his brothers and the trio tied her and hung her upside down. They shaved her bald and put chilli powder into her genitals, the complainant stated. The three then fled the spot threatening her with dire consequences.With the help of neighbours and other relatives the woman rushed to Maal police station, but no one paid heed to her complaint though she was in acute pain, she claimed. It was only after intervention of the senior police officials that a complaint was lodged against the woman.Talking to TOI, circle officer Malihabad R K Saxena said efforts were being made to nab the miscreants. The medico-legal report confirmed the woman's allegations of torture, the circle officer said, adding eye-witnesses confirmed they suspended her upside down.But, the circle officer denied the woman kept waiting outside the police station and said as per the official document, the complaint of the woman was registered at the police station at 1am and medico legal report of the woman was received at 2.40 pm. But, inquiry into the allegation against police laxity was also being probed, said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16678415", "title": "Life term to four for killing youth", "text": "AMBALA: A local court on Thursday pronounced life term to four persons for killing a youth in 2009. The court also imposed a penalty of Rs 5,000 each on the convicts.The case relates to April 2009 when a youth, Raju, resident of Mahesh Nagar, Ambala Cantt, was killed by a group of persons due to enmity. Rajkumar, father of the youth, had said in his complaint that Dev Raj, Tilak Raj, Sanni and Ashu, residents of their colony, were nursing a grudge against his son and on April 18, 2009, they killed his son with sharp-edged weapons. Two women -- Geeta and Sikha -- were also named by the complainant in connection with the case, along with Pankaj and Raminder, sons of these women.Geeta and Sikha were acquitted in the case some time back, while cases of Pankaj and Raminder are under consideration in a juvenile court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681752", "title": "Nirahua in Bigg Boss 6?", "text": "According to the sources, Jubilee star Nirahua will be seen in season 6 of Bigg Boss. Nirahua will be one of the residents at the most controversial show of small screen. Nirahua is a big name in Bhojpuri film industry but the small screen and B- Town audience is unaware of this. Nirahua is one of the costliest star of Bhojpuri industry.Bhojpuri starshave always made news in 'Bigg Boss' house, be it Manoj Tiwari, Ravi Kishan or Sambhavna Seth. Now how much masala is Nirahua going to add their, we have to wait and watch.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679165", "title": "SWaCH wastepickers seek employment with PCMC-appointed waste contractors", "text": "PUNE: Wastepickers associated with SWaCH have demanded that they be employed by the contractors appointed by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) for collection, transportation and processing of garbage.SwaCH members gathered in hundreds near the Ambedkar statue in Pimpri on Thursday to press for their demands. Later, they submitted a memorandum to additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam.Not just employment, the wastepickers want prescribed minimum wages and statutory benefits, and that all workers should have a right to retain the earnings from recyclables.Shabana Diler, chief executive officer (CEO), SWaCH said, \"The government resolution dated January 5, 2002, expressly calls for the integration of waste pickers in door to door garbage collection. The hundreds of wastepickers working with us are from Pimpri Chinchwad city and will become jobless as we terminated the contract with PCMC. They should be given the work of garbage collection by the contractors selected by PCMC so that they can earn a decent living and educate their children.\"Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said the demands will be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "sanawar", "code": "16678286", "title": "'My heart and soul are still with Sanawar'", "text": "SANAWAR: Although Lawrence School has a proud history of churning out defence officers who have served in senior positions in Indian and British army, the recent elevation of its alumnus to the rank of Nepal army chief has added another feather to its cap.General Gaurav Shumsher Jang Rana, who passed out in 1972, was appointed the Nepal army chief last month. His alma mater did not forget to remember him on on Thursday and honoured him with OS (Old Sanawarian) achievers' award.Rana, who could not make it to the event, sent a recorded message that was played after the school march past in the morning and heard by a gathering of over 600 spectators, including various dignitaries and old alumni.\"My heart and soul are still with Sanawar. Forty years back, I knew very few words of English and very few words of Hindi when I had stepped in at Sanawar. Later I learnt so many good things here. Destiny has always decided something good for everyone,\" said Rana in his recorded message.Crediting his success to the days spent at Lawrence School, he added, \"Now I am a man in uniform and feel proud to have learnt a lot from the military tradition of this school. All credit goes to my teachers, friends and this school. I especially want to thank my teachers Bir Singh and Jagdish Ram Acharya, who extorted me to join army.\"\"It was a pleasant surprise, when a few weeks back I got a call from the school headmaster and he informed about this OS achiever award. But due to unavoidable circumstances, I could not come here. I congratulate all boys and girls of my batch as this is the 40th anniversary of our pass-out.\"On the behalf of Rana, the crystal cup was received by Aditya Raj Kapoor , son of Bollywood actor Shammi Kapoor .Rana is the son of Aditya Shumsher Rana, a former major-general of Nepal army and grandson of former Nepal prime minister Sumsher Rana, who held the post from 1901 to 1930. He joined Sanawar in March 1962 and was passed out in 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678268", "title": "BSEB sacks fourexecutive engineer,suspends one", "text": "PATNA: In order to improve the functioning of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB), the board management on Thursday cracked the whip, suspending an executive engineer posted at Patna City and giving compulsory retirement to four executive engineers for their inefficiency and dereliction of duty.Talking to TOI, BSEB spokesman H R Pandey said Akhilesh Kumar, electrical executive engineer, electric supply division, Patna City, has been suspended with immediate effect on the charges of indiscipline and dereliction of duty. During the period of suspension, Kumar has been asked to report to the electric supply division at Sasaram HQ.The BSEB management has also given compulsory retirement to four executive engineers under the BSEB Regulations of 1976 under Rules (74) with immediate effect. The officials are: Lakshmi Mahto, executive engineer (EE), electric supply division, Supaul, Sudhir Kumar, EE, Nawada, Mathura Prasad Bhagat, EE, Ara, and Hari Mohan Chaudhary, EE, Transformer Repair Workshop (TRW), Katihar.In another important move, general manager cum chief engineer, Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu), S K P Singh, has been transferred with immediate effect. Vijay Kumar , chief engineer, operation and maintenance (O&M;), BSEB HQ, has been made the new Pesu chief. Singh has been asked to join as chief engineer (O&M;), BSEB HQ, and has also been given the additional charge of project manager (technical services), Patna.These steps have been taken after thorough investigation and reviewing the performance of the officials concerned at the field level to improve the quality of work in the board, Pandey told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681682", "title": "MJ's burial delayed for 3 months", "text": "Michael Jackson, who died of propofol intoxication after suffering a respiratory arrest in June 2009, was buried nearly three months after the scheduled date due to wrangling between Janet Jackson and her brother's estate, it has been revealed.According to Randall Sullivan's biography of Michael Jackson - 'Untouchable', Janet put up the 40,000-dollar deposit at Forest Lawn to secure a spot for Michael but refused to let the funeral take place until the money was repaid.Ronald Williams, of Talon Executive Services - a private-security company that dispatched a team to the King of Pop's rented chateau in Holmby Hills on the night of his death - tells Sullivan that hours after Jackson died, La Toya and her boyfriend, Jeffre Phillips, arrived at the house demanding to be admitted.They reportedly said \"we're family and we should have access to the house.\"Sullivan reports that Katherine Jackson also arrived that night and entered the house, where she telephoned Grace Rwaramba, the recently terminated longtime nanny to Michael's children.According to Rwaramba, Katherine said, \"Grace, the children are crying. They are asking about you. They can't believe that their father died. Grace, you remember Michael used to hide cash at the house? I'm here. Where can it be?\"Rwaramba described Michael's standard practice of hiding his cash in black plastic garbage bags and under the carpets. Talon describes seeing La Toya and her boyfriend loading black plastic garbage bags into duffel bags and placing them in the garage.The next morning, Janet Jackson arrived with a moving van and demanded to be admitted. A few hours later, the truck exited through the front gate with Jeffre Phillips at the wheel. Katherine Jackson and her daughters made it clear that they wouldn't be leaving anytime soon.\"They camped out for most of a week,\" Vanity Fair quoted Williams as telling Sullivan.Williams added that they left and returned \"whenever they felt like it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682472", "title": "'Jayanta Bhai Ki Luv Story' gets Valentine's day release", "text": "Producer Kumar Taurani's upcoming project \"Jayanta Bhai Ki Luv Story\" will hit the theatres on February 14 next year.The rom-com stars Vivek Oberoi and Neha Sharma and is directed by Vinnil Markan.\"We are happy to announce our next venture 'Jayanta Bhai Ki Luv Story' will release 14th February 2013. Since the film is a heartwarming gangster's love story we found Valentine's Day to be ideal for the release of the film,\" Taurani said.The film follows a gangster's love story and Markan says \"it is not a westernized clone but a true Indian rom-com that's light hearted, sensitive and entertaining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16681938", "title": "Govt initiates online data collection to monitor vacancies in reserved posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has, for the first time, initiated an online data collection exercise on \"representation of SCs, STs, OBCs and persons with disabilities\" in all ministries and departments including public sector undertakings to know the vacancy position on real-time basis.The govt move comes as it gets ready to go in an overdrive to fill over 40,000 reserved category vacancies in central services in the next one year.All the ministriesdepartments and PSUs including banks or financial institutions are expected to submit their data online on number of reserved category employees and existing vacancies by October 15.In a step towards e-governance, the ministry of personnel has created a separate web URL for this purpose under the Representation of Reserved Categories in Posts and Services in GOI (RRCPS) monitoring system.\"It will replace the manual system of data collection which takes lot of time. Notification in this regard was issued on Wednesday\", said an official.Though all the ministries were supposed to fill up the backlog reserved vacancies through special recruitment drive (SRD) by March 31, over 40,000 of 'reserved' seats are still vacant.All the ministriesdepartments had re-launched the drive in July last year after reviewing the vacancy positions in the wake of the conclusion of the first such recruitment drive that was launched in 2008.Giving reasons for such huge vacancies in 'reserved' category, the ministry had earlier informed Parliament that some reserved vacancies remained vacant for reasons like \"non-availability of suitable candidates, gap between arising of a vacancy and its filling up etc\".Meanwhile, instructions have been issued that if sufficient numbers of SC/ST/OBC candidates do not become available to fill up vacancies reserved for them in the first attempt of recruitment, a second attempt should be made for recruiting suitable candidates belonging to the category concerned in the same recruitment year, as early as possible, before the next recruitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16678337", "title": "Tahsildar caught red-handed while accepting 4 lakh bribe", "text": "TRICHY: Sleuths of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC), Trichy wing caught a tahsildar red-handed while he was taking a bribe of Rs 4 lakh from a real estate businessman here on Thursday.Pazha Shanmugadurai (53), tahsildar (stamps) in Trichy was arrested by the DVAC sleuths on Thursday morning at his residence near Aruna Nagar. The DVAC police said that they laid a trap to nab the tahsildar red-handed based on a complaint received on Wednesday from a certain Muralidharan, a real estate businessman from Srirangam.In his complaint, he said that he purchased 7.66 acres of agriculture land in Maadakudi near Samayapuram in Trichy. The land had to be registered at the sub-registrar's office in Lalgudi. But the guideline value for the land should be assessed by the tahsildar (stamps). So, the file was moved to Shanmugadurai nearly two months ago.The complainant also stated that the tahsildar was delaying the process of fixing the guideline for his land. Frustrated by the delay, Muralidharan met the tahsildar on Wednesday and asked to complete the process. Surprisingly, the tahsildar demanded a bribe of Rs 4 lakh to expedite the process. However, Muralidharan was unwilling to bribe him. He then lodged a complaint with the DVAC, Trichy.\"Though the file was pending for the past two months, Shanmugadurai demanded the bribe on Wednesday only. Therefore, the complainant lodged a complaint before us. We laid a trap to nab him at his house on Thursday morning. As planned, Muralidharan met the tahsildar at his house and handed over the chemically-treated cash of Rs 4 lakh. We caught him red-handed,\" said DSP Silambarasan.Silambarasan also said, \"We also seized incriminating documents from the tahsildar's house. He would be produced in the court and remanded in judicial custody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677098", "title": "Girl brain dead, organs retrieved five days later", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thousands of patients needing organ transplant die every day in India due to lack of donors. But when it comes to donating the organs, doctors say, legal hassles are many. In a case exposing the bureaucratic procedures leading to delay in organ retrieval, the family of a 17-year-old girl, declared brain dead on August 28 by the doctors at Delhi's BLK super-specialty hospital, had to wait for five days to get clearance from the authorities before her organs could be harvested. The girl had suffered severe head injuries in a road accident in Shahibabad, UP.It was a medico-legal case requiring police approval but family members claimed that the local authorities were unaware of the process and took time to issue an NOC. They approached Delhi health minister A K Walia to expedite the approval from forensic experts. Finally, the deceased's liver, two kidneys and cornea were harvested on September 2 and transplanted into needy patients. Her heart could not be used because there were no matching recipients.Experts say clarity about the law on organ transplant and sensitizing the authorities concerned - police officers and doctors - is the need of the hour.\"The case involved two states - UP (where the accident took place) and Delhi (where she died). The process was long and at one point we lost hope of retrieving the organs,\" said Dr Praneet Kumar, CEO of the BLK super-specialty hospital. He said police permission was received on August 1 and then they needed a forensic expert from designated hospital, in their case Maulana Azad Medical College, to declare the patient brain dead. \"Walia helped expedite approval from forensic experts,\" he said.Dr Rajesh Pande, director, department of critical care and emergency medicine, said they had to manage the patient clinically - administering electrolyte, maintaining the body temperature and ensuring there is no infection - till the time they got clearance. \"Ideally, organs should be harvested within 24 hours of declaring a patient brain dead,\" he said.Walia said he will soon hold a meeting to discuss the ways to streamline cadaver donations. A patient is termed brain dead when he or she has suffered complete and irreversible loss of all brain functions and are clinically and legally dead. Almost 37 organs and tissues, including heart, kidneys, liver, lungs and pancreas - can be harvested from such patients. Dr Sudhir Gupta, senior forensic expert at AIIMS, said organ retrieval and post-mortem can be conducted simultaneously to speed up the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16677812", "title": "Cops seize brown sugar in Thai bag, 3 arrested", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Kuru police in Lohardaga on Wednesday nabbed three persons on charges of illegal trade of brown sugar on Wednesday and seized 225grams of the drug packed in a leather bag of Thailand from their possession. Though the arrested men are locals, the police suspect the illegal trade to be connected to an international gangs of drug smugglers. The police have asked National Narcotics Bureau, National Investigation Agency and CID to investigate the case at their level also.The arrested persons include Sarif Ansari of Rampur, Rugadi Toli of Sadar block and Rabul Ansari and Sudhakaran Mahli of Nantilo in Kuru block. Rabul runs a 'paan-gumti' that is also under police scanner as it is suspected to be the place where the drug is sold. The police have no criminal records of their names but their cell phones have been seized and are being used to trace their links.\"People involved in illegal drug trade have indicated the involvement of international drug mafias,\" said SP Jitendra Kumar Singh while producing the seized brown sugar and arrested men before the media in his office on Thursday. The SP said a CID team from the state has already started investigating the matter and National Investigation Agency and National Narcotic Bureau have been informed about the seizure. \"It is important for us to trace the source of the illegal drug consignment to Kuru. The leather bag from Thailand also mentions some details of its manufacturing and expiry dates. This indicates the consignment reached Kuru through the northeastern states of India,\" he said. The SP announced a cash reward for the police team led by Kuru police station in-charge Patras Nag that busted the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681789", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow to produce musical", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow is in talks to produce a musical based on the all-girl supergroup The Go-Go's, according to reports.Working with several prospective co-producers, including Donovan Leitch and Rick Ferrari , Paltrow would base the musical on the life and music of the seminal 1980s all-girl group that includes Belinda Carlisle , Jane Wiedlin, Charlotte Caffey, Kathy Valentine, Gina Schock and Paula Jean Brown.The LA-based band, which has been touring all summer, was behind such early-'80s hits as 'Vacation,' 'We Got the Beat' and 'Our Lips Are Sealed.'They were the first all-female band that played their own instruments to top the Billboard charts.Given that Jersey Boys , Mamma Mia! (with music by Abba ) and, most recently, American Idiot (music of Green Day ) have all been hits, it makes sense to bring the all-girl supergroup back to life.According to the Hollywood Reporter , Carlisle and bandmates are considering being involved and possibly penning new songs.According to Sources, some major Broadway writers are being considered for the book, but no deals have been signed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "16682655", "title": "Facebook proposal results in 600 lashes for Saudi man", "text": "DUBAI: A man in Saudi Arabia has been sentenced to five years in prison and 600 lashes for making an indecent proposal on a social network.According to a local news site Sabq, the man was arrested after a Saudi national alerted the authorities about the posting of \"an indecent proposal to offer himself for sexual acts\" on a Facebook account.The man, in his early 30s, admitted that had made the sex proposal, the report said.According to Gulf News, Saudi Arabia bans deviant sexual behaviour and its courts punish such acts with corporal sentences.Online comments were unanimous about the \"need to punish the man for going public with his vices.\"\"I cannot believe that he has done this and he is supposed to be a mature person in his 30s,\" wrote a user of the social networking site.\"I have always had concerns about teenagers, and now I read about a man in his 30s getting into such acts,\" said another user.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676796", "title": "Bandicoots taking over Lodhi Garden", "text": "NEW DELHI: Joggers will soon have to watch their step at Lodhi Garden. For, bandicoots are feasting on food left behind for birds by visitors, and have dug up burrows, leaving hundreds of holes that could cause cave-ins. The growing pack of rats has also gnawed into tree roots and water pipes, even causing a major leak last fortnight.The hillock closest to gate no. 5 is the worst-hit. The digging, first noticed a month-and-a-half ago, is now weakening the soil around trees as well. A chamror (Ehretia laevis) tree \u2014 one of only four in the park \u2014 near the Amrita Shergill Marg entrance had to be barricaded a week ago. \"People were leaving food there and the rats had burrowed so many holes that the tree was at risk,\" says Jitendra Kaushik of the NDMC, who is in charge of Lodhi Garden.People throw food over barricadesBandicoots are gorging on food left behind for birds by visitors at Lodhi Garden, and have dug up burrows, leaving hundreds of holes that could cause cave-ins.\"After barricading the chamror tree, people started throwing food over the fence,\" says Jitendra Kaushik, assistant director (horticulture) of New Delhi Municipal Corporation, in charge of Lodhi Garden.Environment activists and NDMC authorities have been trying to ban visitors from leaving food on the premises but even posting guards hasn't worked. \"If I try to stop them, they tell me to do my duty,\" says R N Singh, a security guard at the park. Besides foodgrains - lentils, bajra and corn - leftovers are dumped as well. Stale bread, rice, boiled sprouts are everywhere, on the ground and the stone platforms. Guards say one visitor was caught dumping a bagful of food from a hotel while another dumps 20kg of food daily. Besides keeping the bandicoots well-fed, the cooked leftovers lead to bacterial and fungal infections as well, say authorities. \"It's a danger for morning walkers as the roofs of the tunnels burrowed may collapse under their feet,\" says Kaushik. The bandicoots, however, can be seen only after dark, when they emerge in packs. \"They are big and even the few cats that hang about are scared of them,\" says Singh.The holes were first spotted at the gate 5 hillock but the situation is worsening with burrows cropping up 100m away. A luxurious bougainvillea at some distance from the hillock had to be trimmed, which exposed the burrows, and now, several trees, including a large neem and an Ashoka, are standing on ground riddled with holes. Around a fortnight ago, the rats chewed into a water hydrant cover, causing a leak in the park's irrigation system, says gardener Basram.\"We can't use rodenticides. Rats will not die inside the burrows but come out, which will harm the birds,\" says Suhar Borker, founder of Delhi's Green Circle. The only way to save the park from this \"infestation\", he says, is to ban visitors from leaving food and then fill the tunnels and burrows - Borker calls them \"bunkers\" - with water to flush the rodents out.The ban itself will be nothing new. Boards placed around the park two years ago discouraged visitors from feeding as it does more harm than good to the birds, including inducing blindness, besides damaging trees. Now, a new batch of bo8a8rds and signs are likely to come up, says Borker. That, or the growing burrows, might put an end to the killing kindness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16679028", "title": "Google settles digital book lawsuit with publishers", "text": "Google, operator of the world's biggest internet search engine, announced a settlement of a lawsuit with five publishers over the digital scanning of books. The deal doesn't resolve litigation by authors.The settlement ends the publishers' portion of a copyright infringement suit brought against the company in New York in 2005, Google and the Association of American Publishers said on Thursday in a statement. US publishers can choose to make their books and articles available for the project or have them removed, according to the statement.Google announced in 2004 a plan to digitally scan books from public and university libraries to provide snippets of text to people who use its search engine. The Authors Guild , individual authors and publishing companies sued, claiming Google hadn't sought authorisation from works' owners. They accused Google of infringing copyrights on a massive scale.\"We are pleased that this settlement addresses the issues that led to the litigation,\" said Tom Allen , chief executive officer of the publishers' association. \"It shows that digital services can provide innovative means to discover content while still respecting the rights of copyright-holders .\"The agreement is with The McGraw-Hill Cos, Pearson Education, Penguin Group USA, John Wiley &amp; Sons and Simon &amp; Schuster, which is owned by CBS . The agreement doesn't require court approval , according to the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16679235", "title": "Greens see red over move to shrink eco-sensitive zones", "text": "NAGPUR: The recommendation by Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee (CEC) to keep safety zones ( eco-sensitive zones) around wildlife sanctuaries and national parks to 2km to 100 metres from the parks boundary has shocked greens as it will virtually lead to a free for all around most important forests of the country.The existing orders call for safety zones extending to 10 km from park boundary but most states have not notified them.\"It will mean power companies will be allowed to mine coal in Lohara and Bandar adjoining Tadoba tiger reserve. There are over 100 power projects proposed in Vidarbha. Several of these are in tiger corridors and near protected areas (PAs). Will they have a cakewalk,\" asked Bandu Dhotre of Eco-Pro, who had launched a fast unto death to oppose Adani mines in Lohara in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677868", "title": "240 zonal teams to participate in IIT-B fest", "text": "INDORE: More than 240 teams will take part in the qualifying round of national-level technical expo organized by Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. Indore will be one of the six zonal centres for the same. The event will be organized at Medicaps Institute of Science and Technology in city on Sunday. The major categories of competition include Line following- Grid Master, Aqua Robotics- Pirate Wars, Aero Modeling- Hover On, Coding- Program'm-able. The top two teams from each segment shall form the TechOlympics Contingent of that respective zone and qualify to take part in the TechOlympics. Finals are to be held at Techfest, IIT Bombay from January 3 to 5 next year. The winning teams from the zonal levels shall receive cash-prizes, travel allowances for their journey to the event finale at IIT Bombay and certificates of excellence from Techfest, IIT Bombay.Techfest is the annual technical festival of Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, which in 2012 saw a participation of more than 92,000 students including 25,000 foreign students.To take part in Techfest Green Campus Challenge, an initiative to involve people in sustainable development, Institute of Engineering and Technology team Green Terra is raising awareness through poster making competition, scavenger hunt and green march. The team is also spreading awareness on environmental issues through social networking websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677480", "title": "Mummyji\u2019s home a safe haven for feathery friends", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the clock strikes 5pm, 62-year-old Perveen, enters the kitchen and prepares a bowl of Cerelac. After preparing the baby food, she holds three-year-old Meetha in her hand and lovingly starts feeding him. \"Mummyji,\" Meetha calls out if Perveen's attention is diverted. Once he has eaten, he flutters around her excitedly.It was three years back when the guard at Rafi Marg's VP House brought Meetha to Perveen in a semi-conscious and a half-paralyzed state. Since then the baby parrot, which was a few months old, has grown into a majestic bird with vibrant green body and elegant tail feathers.\"On a hot afternoon in June 2009, the guard brought this tiny bird to me. He was suffering from heat stroke and high fever. I gave it medicines but it did not accept any food,\" Perveena said on Thursday, which was World Animal Day.\"I went to my neighbour, who had just become a mother, and borrowed some Cerelac. Meetha nipped on the baby food and since then he eats nothing else,\" added Perveen.Meetha is not the only feathery friend that Perveen looks after. As the three-year-old is placed back in his cage in the balcony, his squawks attract dozens of parrots to the balcony. It is here that these birds find their refuge.As the dusk approaches the five-by-seven-foot balcony, situated on the fifth floor, does not reflect the colours of the setting sun. Instead it dons a green appearance as dozens of parrots flutter around the food and water kept for them.Those aware of Perveen's love for animals often brought injured or unwell parrots to her. \"I keep them in a cage and treat them till they are healthy. After that I release them\"Perveen now has two parrots who are recovering from infections apart from her favorite one Meetha, who does not leave her side. He eats with her, flies around in her rooms and affectionately pecks her as he perches on her finger.Her affection is not just for parrots. Perveen also feeds 2.5kg rice and 750g chicken bones to around 20 stray dogs every evening. \"As a child I was fond animals. As a kid, I had a dog and now I have a family of birds and dogs,\" she said.\"It all started when my husband and I moved to Delhi from Srinagar 14 years ago. Just like Meetha, a baby parrot that was later named Gola was brought to me.\" Though Perveen's family has increased in number, she misses Gola a lot. \"Last month Gola died of a heart attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "barwani", "code": "16677840", "title": "Tribal workers refuse to budge; Administration acts tough", "text": "BARWANI: The face-off between tribal workers protesting non-payment of wages under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA) and district administration of Barwani continued for second day on Thursday, here about 120 km from Indore. The district administration and police did not allow the protest rally of more than 3000 workers mostly women to proceed beyond Mandi Market, situated on the outskirts of Barwani town stating law and order reason. Women raised slogans 'Kaam kiya hai paisa chahiye. Paisa nahi to jail do. (We want payment for our work. If not wages, then put us behind the bars).'Tribals have been protesting for last two days for their payment of MGNERGA work refused to budge under the police pressure and insisted on 'rally or arrest.'Bilayati Bai of Jagruti Adivasi Dalit Sangathan (JADS) said, \"We are not beggers. We are asking for payment of our due wages. We have worked for months and now we want our payment.\"\"I am ready to face any action to get my payment. We cannot go back empty-handed from here. Children at home are hungry but from would we bring food for them,\" she asked, adding that it's better to face police action then the hungry faces of their children.Bilayti Bai and thousands of other workers have not been paid for their work for several months.CEO of zilla panchayat of Barwani, Ajay Gupta, who looks after the MGNERGA works, admitted that as per the rough estimates, nearly Rs 5 crore of MGNERGA payments was pending in the district.\"I have asked the staff concerned to prepare a report of pending payments of approved works and it will be sent to the state government. As soon as we get the funds from state government, pending payments will be made,\" said Gupta.Principal Secretary of rural development department of Madhya Pradesh, Aruna Sharma told TOI over phone that a team from department had been sent to investigate the matter and they will release the fund as soon as they receive the report.Not impressed with the assurances, Madhuri of JADS said that 15,332 manhour weeks of works have not been paid in just four blocks of the district.\"Pending payment of MGNERA is nearly Rs 2 crore in just four blocks. I don't know on what basis they prepared the estimate of Rs 5 crore of pending payment for entire district. People are not being paid for their works for several months. Now tribals are forced to protest that too for their wages,\" said Madhuri adding that administration is not even allowing them to take out rally to press for their demand.SDM of Barwani, Santosh Verma, who was on the protest site entire day said, \"We cannot allow them (protesting tribals) to enter inside the city as they create nuisance and people of the city can attack them. We are stopping protestors for their safety.\"Avinash Pandey of Asian Human Right Commission, who was at the spot to monitor the protest, said that on Wednesday, he was assaulted by the supporters of local MLA Presmsingh Patel.\"If I can be assaulted then one can imagine the fate of the protestors,\" he said adding that AHRC fears that protesting workers can be forcibly disbursed by the state police with the support of local politicians associated with the ruling political party in the state, the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16681250", "title": "Ratan Tata meets Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata on Friday met Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah and expressed his desire to expand his group's activities in the state.During the breakfast meeting, they explored the possibility of cooperation in information technology, hospitality, agro-product and horticulture sector, officials said.Both agreed that a top level delegation from the state government and the Tata group will meet soon to discuss mutually beneficial areas.Tata said he was in favour of widening the presence of his group of companies across the state, the officials said.The 74-year-old industrialist recalled his fond memories of visits to Kashmir Valley with his grandfather and stay at a house boat in Nigeel lake to which the Chief Minister extended an invitation to him to relive his childhood memories.Tata arrived here on Fridayu morning for interaction with the students of Kashmir university, a programme being organised by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16677844", "title": "Eflu campus: Govt to take over KSIDC land", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Ending the uncertainty over the ownership of the land in Malappuram where the English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) campus is to be set up, the government has decided to take back the 75 acres of land from the Kerala state industrial development corporation (KSIDC) and hand it over to the education department.A cabinet committee meeting held in August had decided to hand over this KSIDC land at Panakkad to the education department to set up the Eflu campus in the next academic year. But uncertainty loomed large over the project as there was confusion over the ownership of the land, which had been earlier given to the KSIDC for industrial purposes. Though the cabinet meeting had decided to hand over the land to the education department, KSIDC was of the view that the land set aside for industrial purposes could not be transferred to any other department.At a discussion in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday, revenue minister Adoor Prakash informed P Ubaidulla MLA that the government would take back the land from the KSIDC to avoid any possible legal hurdle and hand it over to the education department.Ubaidulla told TOI that the process would be completed soon and that the government was optimistic about beginning classes in the Eflu campus in the next academic year itself. He said the government would inform the Eflu authorities in Hyderabad about the procedures to be completed to achieve this.Representatives of the university, who visited the campus site at Panakkad in June, had announced that the campus would start functioning next year. But the uncertainty over the availability of land had affected the commencement of construction work on the campus.Initially, the government's decision was to provide Eflu 100 acres of land to set up the campus. But later it agreed to provide the university 75 acres of land and also permission to access the common facilities at the industrial park that was to be set up. The Eflu campus is being set up with a central government fund of Rs 125 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677203", "title": "'Loss of national sovereignty ill-effect of globalisation'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A lecture-cum-panel discussion was organised at AU political science department on Thursday. The discussion was conducted by HoD, political science, Prof Krishna Gupta. The topic was \"Uni-polarisation and globalisation: Causes and effects\".Prof MT Desai, former head, political science department, Gujarat University, said for unipolarity a kind of US-dominance prevails in the world. \"But US works for own national interest, not for global interests so we should not follow it blindly. Our foreign policy should be pragmatic or balancing. Sometimes we can cooperate with the hyper powers; sometimes we should follow non-cooperation or a bargaining stand,\" Prof Desai said.Prof RLM Patil, member, Karnataka Higher Education Council and former chairman, department of Political Science, Bangalore University, said in place of big powers of the imperialist era, now we have super power concept. But, after the end of the Cold War between US and USSR collusion had taken place of collision.So, in this new age vulnerable states don't have any protector. However, with globalization a multi-polar world has been created with many power blocks. Prof Patil described loss of national sovereignty and rise in terrorism as the other ill effects of globalization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677681", "title": "Three die of mysterious illness in Tirupur", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 25-member medical team has been pressed into action in Veerampatty Vellur village at Kudimangalam block in Tirupur district following the death of three people including a mother and daughter due to a mysterious fever, on three different days.The deceased have been identified as Masilamani (36), her daughter Manjupriya (20) and their neighbour Palanal (55). Both the mother and daughter were working as labourers and were suffering from fever for the past one week. The victims were treated for fever in various hospitals, said K Geeta Rani, Kudimangalam block medical officer.Masilamani died on Monday at her house after she returned from hospital. She had complained of severe stomach pain before she breathed her last. On Tuesday her daughter Manjupriya was also admitted to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital, but her health continued to deteriorate. Renal failure was reported as the cause of death by CMCH doctors. Palanal died at Kunuthur at her relative's place on Wednesday, Geeta Rani said.Geeta Rani said that a team of 25 medical staff headed by director of health, is conducting various tests and implementing sanitation measures in the affected village. Blood samples were collected from people and have been sent for testing. The water tanks has been removed and sanitised. Fogging and anti-larval measures have been taken up, she said. Initial apprehensions of dengue outbreak were later dismissed after all the victims tested negative. Further tests are on to ascertain the cause, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16679780", "title": "FIR against hospital for negligence", "text": "ALWAR: An FIR has been registered against a hospital administration for alleged negligence in the treatment of a 12-year-boy who died on Wednesday. The boy, Kapil, a resident of Bahadurpur village , complained of stomach ache after which his parents took him to Darshan hospital on Wednesday.Even after preliminary treatment when the patient did not show the signs of improvement, the duty doctor gave him some injections. Family members said Kapil got unconscious and died after the injection. They alleged that the duty doctor gave him a wrong injection. After the funeral , the relatives went to Kotwali police station, but the SHO was not present and their case was not registered. A case was however filed a day later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16667914", "title": "I hope India is a crazy crowd to party with: Afrojack", "text": "King of the EDM dance floor and among the top ten DJs in the world, Afrojack can't wait for his first gig in IndiaI guess my story really begins when I was eleven,\" says Afrojack, currently number 7 on DJ Mag's top 100 DJs of 2011. \"I started to make music just for fun on my computer. A couple of years later, I started to make music in my hometown Spijkenisse (Netherlands), and every once in a while I was DJ at my school parties.\"At 17, he began to play at clubs and that, he says, is when it \"all started to work out a bit\". \"I went to a Greek Island, Crete , for five months. It was all about partying, drinking and going wild. During this crazy period I was also busy producing. When I got back to Holland the first Afrojack release was born, Afrojack - In Your Face!. My release came in the top three of Dance Top 30. This is where it all started,\" he explains.He adds, \"Some people call me the guy who took the soul out of the music and replaced it with beeps, while some say it is futuristic. The most important thing for me is to keep it fresh, try some new elements in it, some unexpected features and a rack of equalizers and compressors to make it sound legendary.\" All this, while keeping up with the lifestyle that comes along with being a DJ at the top. \"Of course, there is luxury and a party every once in a while. But obligations are in our daily routine as well. I love doing what I do, I won't deny that, but only if you take your job seriously, can you be successful,\" says the artiste, who, up till recently, was said to be dating Paris Hilton .About the current EDM scene in India, he says, \"The EDM in India is rapidly growing but since I have never been here before, I'm about to discover all about it. Sunburn is Asia's number 1 EDM festival and I am looking forward to being there and to perform. I love to see new places in the world and I think that India is very interesting. I like to see how the people are, what they like, what they eat and drink, and I love to meet new people! Sunburn has created a huge market for EDM in India and I am looking forward to a crazy crowd to party with!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16676958", "title": "Rain saves day for cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The show of might by Kolkata Police in the heart of Kolkata on Thursday turned out to be a damp squib as the 'mammoth' rally never materialized. In fact, it was difficult to spot the trickle of rallyists in the monsoon downpour and rows upon rows of jack-booted, helmeted policemen.But Friday is unlikely to be an easy day as a major rally is planned to protest the controversial anti-Islam movie that has triggered worldwide condemnation.Unprecedented police arrangements were made on Wednesday evening to prevent a repeat of the September 27 security lapse when thousands of protesters had rushed towards the American Center, causing much embarrassment to the government. Ticked off by the chief minister, police left nothing to chance. A 3.5km stretch of Jawaharlal Nehru Road, from the Exide crossing to KC Das crossing, was completely blocked to traffic. Barricades were set up at Chowringhee. But while the police expected tens of thousands, barely 2,000 rallyists turned up.Last week, the protesters had run across Park Street flyover to dodge the police and reach the American Center. On Thursday, multiple tiers of policemen, in riot gear, stood blocking the flyover. They held their position despite the blinding rain lest they be outmanoeuvred again. But the day passed peacefully. The rallyists marched single-file, sandwiched by policemen lined up four columns thick.Police did not have to resort to major traffic restrictions on Thursday. The few temporary road diversions lasted less than a couple of hours.But the alert remains for Friday. \"We will have similar security measures to prevent any untoward incident during the Ashiqan-e-Rasool rally at Sahid Minar demanding a ban on the controversial film,\" joint CP (headquarters) Jawed Shamim said.The American Center will be shut on Friday as well. A notice posted on the US consulate website advises US citizens to avoid areas of planned demonstrations, such as Esplanade and Shahid Minar.The day may have ended with a sigh or relief for police but it began with a traffic nightmare for office-goers. At 10am, stretches of JL Nehru Road resembled a siege-zone. Hundreds of policemen - including RAF and the Armed Police - stood at Ho Chi Minh Sarani crossing (opposite the American Center) and Park Street crossing. It was the same scene at Esplanade. Around 2pm, police sealed off Park Street flyover. The rain came within half an hour, forcing the small crowd of protesters to scatter for shelter.Maulana Alvi said: \"The police were in constant touch with us. We assured them that we will not cause any problem. We kept our word. They did escort our procession till Fort William. Even if they didn't we would have stuck to our promise.\" Maulana Kasem Ali, the Imam of Kidderpore's Lal Masjid. Said that the protest was against a \"concerted attempt worldwide to fan anti-Muslim sentiments\". \"We demand that US enact a law to prevent such acts. I call this religious terrorism. No one has the right to hurt the sentiments of millions of people,\" he said.The All India Mazlish-E-Ulema Islam, which led one of the three rallies on Thursday, agreed to police requests to end the procession near Fort William rather than the American Center. A five-member delegation was escorted to the consulate to hand over a protest letter. The second meeting, organized by the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), led by Siddiqulla Chowdhury, confined itself to Rani Rashmoni Avenue. The Forward Bloc had planned a protest march from Raja Subodh Mallick Square to Lalbazar but it fizzled out when 259 rallyists were arrested.Milli council general secretary Saud Alam expects at least 25,000 people to gather at Sahid Minar on Friday. \"The rally will start after Friday prayers. Imam-e-edain Kazi Fazlur Rehman, Maulana Niyamat Hussain Habibi will address the gathering,\" he said, assuring that the crowd will disperse at Sahid Minar.Siddiqulla also cited a six-point charter including immediate banning of the controversial film and arresting those behind propagating it. However, Siddiqulla's attempt was more to give shape to the newly formed All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) in Bengal. He demanded that the atrocities against women should stop, the Centre enact strong anti-riot laws and take action against the perpetrators of the Assam riots. The AIUDF supporters had gathered at College Square and walked till Esplanade. The meeting concluded by 2:30 p.m. as the nearly 2,000 people who'd arrived from the districts - including women and children - ran for shelter to beat the sudden downpour.What's in store for tomorrow?* Ashiqan-e-rasool has called a rally at Sahid Minar on Friday on the same issue. Expected turnout: 30,000.* Police arrangements remain the same like today, albeit in a smaller scale.* The downpour on Thursday afternoon is also predicted for next 48 hours.* American Center will remain closed on Friday. U.S. citizens have been advised to avoid areas of demonstrations, such as Esplanade and Shahid Minar.* La Martiniere For Girls School - all tests in the junior section on Friday postponed.* Mahadevi Birla World Academy - Upper infant to class VIII can leave after completing the exams at 12 noon. The senior section will be closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677137", "title": "Owners of shacks, taxis, water sports come together", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Self Employees Association (GSEA), consisting of owners of shacks, tourist taxis and water sports, was formed on Thursday, to take up their issues with the government.The association was formed at a meeting held in Panaji which was attended by the Shack Owners Welfare Society, Tourist Taxi Association, North Goa Water Sports Association and South Goa Water Sports Association. Speaking to TOI, Cruz Cardozo, member of GSEA, said that this association has been formed to take up various policy issues with the government.\"We will fight under one banner for a shack, water sports and tourist taxi policy for the state,\" said Cardozo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679057", "title": "Spurned youth sets fire to woman's home, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old youth has been arrested after he set a house on fire, allegedly to kill a 20-year-old woman who was inside.Roshan Bagde a school dropout, committed the act reportedly to take revenge on the woman who had got him arrested for sexual harassment the same day; he reportedly entered her home to declare his love for her but she lodged a sexual harrassmnent charge. The incident occurred around 8pm on Wednesday after Bagde returned home at a chawl in Andheri (E) on getting bail. \"Finding the victim, Supriya Dhanvi, alone at home, Bagde locked the door, climbed on the roof, poured kerosene and threw a lit match stick to it,\" said MIDC police senior inspector S L Hujband. Noticing smoke billowing out of Dhanvi's neighbours rescued her.She told the police, \"Bagde tried to kill me. He has been harassing me. He crossed all limits on Wednesday when he entered my house and tried to misbehave with me.\" Confessing his crime, Bagde said he entered Dhanvi's house as he was in love with her and wanted toAfter being arrested, Bagde told the police that he was in love with the victim. \"He planned the offence after the victim got him arrested,\" said the police.\"Bagde said he climbed the roof of the victim's house and removed one roof sheet and poured kerosene inside. After committing the offence he went hiding at his home. The girl identified the accused and lodged a second complaint and got him arrested for the second time in a single day,\" said the police.Bagde was booked under IPC sections 307 (attempt to murder), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 436 (mischief). He is in custody till October 8.narayan.namboodiri@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16677776", "title": "4 surrender over Wasseypur gang killing", "text": "DHANBAD: Four people, including two sons of Fahim Khan, the leader of a gang of criminals of Wasseypur, surrendered before the court of chief judicial magistrate on Thursday. They were wanted in connection with the murder of Sonu Khan, a furniture dealer, at Subhash Chauk near Naya Bazar on Monday. The court of CJM Ashok Kumar Upadhya sent all four to judicial remand for a fortnight. Sonu Khan, considered to be an associate of a gang led by Shabir Alam, rival of the Fahim Khan gang, was shot dead near a tea shop close to his showroom. Fahim Khan is imprisoned in Hazaribagh central Jail in connection with a murder case. Family members of Sonu had named eight people as accused in the murder. Two of them are Iqbal Khan and Prince Khan, sons of Fahim Khan, and two others - Goodwin and Rajjan Khan - are also close relatives of Fahim Khan. Sonu's family members on Thursday morning demonstrated at Dhanbad Sadar police station demanding arrest of all criminals responsible for Sonu's murder. They alleged that they were the conspirators behind the murder.District SP R K Dhan said the four surrendered because of police pressure. The police have launched a drive to arrest the four more named in the FIR lodged by Sonu's brother. Dhan added that investigation was on and all culprits would be arrested soon. A land dispute is believed to be the reason behind the latest gang war at Wasseypur, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677539", "title": "Nearly a thousand 'ineligible' students admitted to PGDCS&A;", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the dust raised by the MCA scam in the Nagpur University (NU) is yet to settle down, similar scam has come to the fore to haunt the administration. This time, nearly a thousand admissions to Postgraduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;) were done without following the norms, just like in the case of MCA scam. In fact, NU's own Inter-Institutional Computer Centre (IICC) admitted many students even though they failed to meet the basic eligibility criteria of 50% marks in BSc, disclosed sources.Four of the IICC students were later admitted to Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering's MCA course. They appeared for the third and fourth semester exams conducted by NU, but after the illegalities came to the fore, the university rejected their exam forms. However, renowned colleges like Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni and Wardha's Agnihotri, which gave admissions to these 'ineligible' students, allegedly exerted pressure on the NU administration to declare their results. They were supported by politicians, including city Congress chief Jayprakash Gupta who led a delegation of students to meet vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal.Admission dean at Ramdeobaba College T Singh confirmed that four students who were expelled from their college on NU's directives had come from university's IICC campus on Amravati Road. \"How can they blame the colleges when the university administration itself admitted ineligible students to PGDCS&A;?\" said Singh adding, \"We gave them admission to MCA second year as they managed to score above 60% in this diploma as per NU rules,\" he said.Singh said that if the university is planning to take action against principals of private colleges which admitted these students, then it should also not spare the IICC. \"All admissions to PGDCS&A; course from 2009 should be reviewed and those found ineligible should be cancelled,\" he demanded.Emphasizing that any admission that fails to meet eligibility criteria was illegal, pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie said the same principle would be applied to PGDCS&A; course. \"The issue has not yet come to us, but if these colleges had admitted ineligible students then the admission should be cancelled like that in the case of MCA,\" he said.An aggrieved MCA student, whose admission was cancelled by NU, said that currently three colleges - Kamla Nehru, Pandav and NU's IICC - are conducting PGDCS&A; course and maximum admissions were ineligible considering the fact that NU never publicized Ordinance No. 24 even though it existed.Last week, NU had cancelled admissions and exams of about 10 students after TOI ran a series of reports as to how colleges run by politicians and education barons blatantly flouted norms by admitting these 'ineligible' students since last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678120", "title": "Riot planned to create unrest: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The violence and rioting that erupted on Wednesday in Karanj may have been masterminded by disruptive elements wanting to foment communal ill-will.The police are now actively probing this angle as one of the reasons that triggered the unrest. Investigations into the matter have revealed some shocking details which have got the cops taking a closer look at the incident.\"We found that one of the main accused, Zarina Khan, had spoken extensively on her mobile phone to a senior political leader before and during the incident. Not just that, she was also in constant touch with a retired IPS officer. However, we can't divulge more about this matter at this juncture,\" said a senior city police official. Khan was the one who had sought permission from the city police commissioner for Wednesday's rally to protest an anti-Islam video. Her application was turned down, but the rallyists continued with their plans without permission.Violence erupted in a part of the walled city when the rally reached Jama Masjid. An angry mob torched the Karanj police chowki, a police jeep, 11 police bikes and a government vehicle near Teen Darwaja. Faced with heavy stone pelting and public wrath, the police had fired more than 30 teargas shells and three rounds of bullets in the air. In the aftermath, city police arrested 120 persons including Khan who had sought permission for the rally. Khan, who runs an NGO, as well as all the other accused have been booked for attempt to murder, conspiracy and damaging public property.Three different complaints have been registered by the police in this regard. Police inspectors P U Sisodia, K G Patel and sub-inspector B K Asari have registered separate complaints in connection with Wednesday's incident. \"Usually, only an offense of rioting against a faceless mob is registered in such cases. However, we've some scientific evidences that have led us to believe that this incident of rioting was stage-managed and meant to instigate communal tension. Crime branch officials too have been roped in the investigations,\" said the official. Joint commissioner of police Ajay Tomar said: \"We are probing into the background of Khan's NGO and her activities. All aspects like the organization's registration and its sources of funding are being investigated along with other factors like who are behind mobilizing the rally and were supporting Khan.\"Cops have obtained call record details of all those arrested in the case. \"We want to ascertain who all these rioters were in touch with before, during and after the incident. And if Khan was in the forefront then we want to know who is the mastermind,\" said the official.Police also have got some video footage of the rallyists leaving Sardarbaug and violence erupting near Jama Masjid. \"Video recording of electronic media and photographs clicked by print media personnel are also being scrutinized. The photos and clippings are being shown to those arrested to identify the rioters,\" said a police source.According to police investigations, Khan has been in touch with several political leaders. \"She had also actively participated in the last municipal corporation elections. To advertise about the rally, several posters had been pasted at different parts of the city. We are now hunting for the source to her funding for organizing this rally that turned violence,\" added the source.RAF, SRP out in forceThe city police have now got SRP and RAF personnel to clamp down on Karanj to maintain peace. RAF jawans also carried out a flag march in Karanj. \"Those arrested are mostly from other parts of the city like Jamalpur, Kalupur and Khadia,\" said a Karanj police official.Blame game begins, some accused say police officials are not fairSome residents of Karanj, whose names figure in the list of 120 accused, have alleged that an anti-social element of Karanj was seen with police inspector P U Sisodia. \"We heard this notorious person telling the policemen who should be accused and arrested in the case. He was getting names of some rioters, who are close to him, deleted and innocent residents' names included. In the aftermath of the riots, though the city police had called 108 paramedical services for assistance to take the injured to civil hospital it was seen sending all the injured to a specific private hospital.Rights activist flays violenceOn Thursday, a number of voluntary outfits that have been working on human rights' issues and violations condemned the rioting. Shabnam Hasmi of Anhad demanded a magisterial enquiry into Wednesday's incident. \"We are shocked at yesterday's incident in the walled city of Ahmedabad and strongly condemn the violence perpetrated during the protest rally. Indulging in violence is a criminal act and it only helps divisive forces. It is very unfortunate that the incident took place just a day after Gandhi Jayanti. The violence was triggered by some people with vested interests. The magisterial enquiry can reveal the faces behind the violence,\" Hasmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677313", "title": "100 biodiversity committees in Maharashtra by year-end", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the newly constituted Maharashtra State Biodiversity Board (MSBB) is struggling to get funds, it plans to constitute 100 biodiversity committees at village level by the year-end. The MSBB was set up in January 2012 under the Biological Diversity Act 2002. It took four years for the state government to set up a board even though Maharashtra Biological Diversity Rules were notified in 2008. These rules provided for creation of the board.India is hosting the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Hyderabad, known informally as the biodiversity convention, but the state biodiversity board needs a big push. Although the government has appointed four members and a chairman in the form of Dr E K Bharucha, dean of Bharati Vidyapeeth, Pune, the board has neither a permanent office nor requisite staff.The member-secretary of the board having administrative powers should be a full-time chief conservator of forests (CCF) rank officer but is yet to be appointed. The board, headquartered in Nagpur, has proposed administrative staff of eight persons and scientists but process to appoint them has not been initiated even nine months later due to lack of funds. It has to set up infrastructure, district and village level committees and also chalk out time-bound programme to take up biodiversity related activities in state but as there are no funds things are not moving.Additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) Anmol Kumar, who holds additional charge as member-secretary of the board, admits that biodiversity board covers a large spectrum of issues and needs a full-time officer and staff. \"Despite constraints, we plan to expedite formation of biodiversity inventory and registers followed by committees at grassroots level. We are interacting with NGOs and will rope in joint forest management committees (JFMCs) too,\" Kumar said.\"We have proposed Rs1.06 crore for the board. Although funds from the state are awaited, we have received Rs18 lakh grant from National Biodiversity Authority ( NBA ). We plan to have an independent office soon and three places have also been identified. We also propose to hold a biodiversity workshop in a couple of months in city,\" the member-secretary said.The biodiversity board is a statutory body that will have power to declare biodiversity heritage sites. These sites will be controlled and managed by local communities. However, due to apathy of the state government the board is yet to launch measures for sharing of benefits from biodiversity, including transfer of technology, monetary returns, joint research and development, joint intellectual property rights (IPRs) ownership etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676919", "title": "MEA, MoEF team up against Montek on green pact with US", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close on the heels of the controversy over the climate change chapter in the 12th five year plan, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia has got into another row on the subject.This time over agreeing to ink a bilateral agreement with the US on Low Carbon Growth Strategy \u2014 a strict no-go area for India. The external affairs ministry and the environment ministry have opposed the move that could undercut India's stance on climate change.India has for long negotiated at the UN climate convention against low carbon growth pathways for developing countries, as accepting one automatically leads to a binding limit on the country's greenhouse gas emissions consequently imposing an internationally agreed roadmap for India to reduce dependence on fossil fuels without a parallel commitment for finance and technology from the developed world.Adhering to the redline, India has so far avoided even bilateral agreements with other countries that could drive policy on emission reduction.The Planning Commission had earlier created a storm while finalizing the climate change chapter in the 12th five year plan where it had gone against the advice of its own steering committee and the environment ministry to push binding emission reduction targets on the country and enhance its international commitments unilaterally without adequate international finance and technology.The PM's intervention ensured that the commission relented and amended the chapter to align it with India's existing climate change policy.This time, sources in the government said, Ahluwalia has agreed to an MoU under the India-US Energy dialogue to sign a deal between USAID \u2014 US' aid assistance arm \u2014 on the principles of a low carbon growth. This has got both the ministry of external affairs and the environment ministry opposing the move strongly.Sources said the external affairs ministry has pointed out that the policy-making on this front is dictated by domestic decisions and the real concerns where US could be of help is on transfer and use of clean technologies \u2014 an element that is completely missing from the proposed bilateral deal.The environment ministry has pointed out that the proposed agreement with the US, which Ahluwalia has given an in-principle nod to, goes beyond the sphere of collaboration drawn in the in the agreement signed between the two countries when the PM visited the US last.The nodal ministry for climate change has warned that USAID is not the right agency to be dealing with on policy sketching exercise when it comes to climate change and emission reduction.It said the government policy has been to focus on technology and science development through the bilateral route and leave the stance on reducing emissions to the multilateral forum \u2014 the UN negotiations. India already has an MoU with the USAID on forestry and sustainable development which too the government believes has not yielded expected results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677236", "title": "Assault on resident doctor at Government Medical College and Hospital leads to indefinite strike", "text": "NAGPUR: A scuffle between the relatives of a patient and resident doctors late on Wednesday night resulted in another strike at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Thursday. The residents on indefinite strike are demanding armed security, proper supply of emergency drugs and filling of vacant posts. The residents at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College ( IGGMCH) will also be going on strike from Friday in support of the cause.However, the strike is not a result of this single incident. Non-availability of emergency drugs, instruments and other associated infrastructure, acute shortage of class III and class IV staff, especially attendants, lack of security, and exhausting working hours have led to the strikes.Imran Khan , 26, from Azad Colony near Tajbagh consumed poison (insecticide) at his residence late on Tuesday night. When he began to foam at the mouth, he woke his wife up. He was brought to GMCH at around 3.45am and admitted in the ICU. GMCH administration claims his relatives were told that his condition was serious and he was put on a ventilator. His condition deteriorated early on Thursday morning at around 1pm and he died, despite efforts of resuscitation and intubation.Azad used to run a small purse-making business run from home. It is not known why he consumed the poison.Dr YB Bansod, medicine head, told TOI that the relatives near the ICU were told about Azad's death immediately. They did not react for at least half an hour. Then they returned with a mob and manhandled Dr Abhay Mange. The other residents informed office bearers of Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD), who rushed to the spot. The security guard from Maharashtra Ex-Servicemen Cooperative Ltd (Mesco), managing security at GMCH, was of no help.GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that the college administration had been demanding at least five armed guards from Mesco for long, but the company did not have armed men. \"We will meet the police commissioner to seek a solution, so that such situations can be avoided in future,\" he said.This is the fourth such incident in last one month, residents claim, which has forced them to strike work. \"We understand the plight and emotions of patients' relatives. But most of the time we are also helpless. There are no emergency medicines like dopamine, or instruments like intubation tubes, laryngoscopes etc in casualty and ICU. Even if we try to get them from other places, doctors or the relatives have to do the running around. There are no attendants in the wards for this,\" said MARD spokesperson Dr Amit Bhatti.MARD president Dr Parag Kinage said though the relatives were informed of the situation, they got into an argument. \"We have been informing the dean and other authorities for one year. We were forced to strike work as the situation has worsened,\" he said.Ajni police have registered an offence against three members of the Khan family under the law promulgated by the Maharashtra government against assault on doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676877", "title": "Over 43L cases pending before high courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait for justice is likely to be longest if you file a court case in Uttar Pradesh or Tamil Nadu. There are 10 lakh cases pending before the Allahabad high court followed by 4.7 lakh cases in Madras HC.The Allahabad HC suffers from the double whammy of having the highest number of vacancies of judges as well. Of the 262 judges required in the Supreme Court and HCs across the country, 74 vacancies are in Allahabad.Data given in response to an RTI application filed by Uttar Pradesh resident Kush Kalra showed that 43.22 lakh cases were pending before the country's high courts as on December 2011. Incidentally, the government in a Parliament reply had admitted that there were 3.2 crore cases pending before HCs and subordinate courts across the country last year.The law ministry said the total approved strength of 21 high courts and the Supreme Court was 895.There were 262 vacancies, led by Allahabad HC with 74 followed by 27 in Punjab and Haryana HC and 18 in Bombay HC. The SC has four vacancies for judges against an approved strength of 31 positions as on July 2012. Other states with high vacancies include Andhra Pradesh (16), Himachal Pradesh (13) and Delhi (12).Incidentally, the US has a total vacancy of 77 positions in all its courts including the courts of appeal, district courts and courts of international trade.According to information given by the law ministry as on December 2011, of the 43.22 lakh cases pending before all high courts, 33.69 lakh were civil cases. High courts with the highest number of cases before them were Allahabad with 10 lakh cases, Madras with 4.6 lakh, Bombay with 3.6 lakh and Calcutta with 3.4 lakh cases.The government recently approved setting up of 'National Mission for Justice Delivery and Legal Reforms' that is aimed at increasing access by reducing delays and arrears in the system and enhancing accountability through structural changes and by setting performance standards and capacities. However, the impact of this project is still to be effectively felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677034", "title": "Heavy rain lashes several parts of Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The retreating monsoon gave its parting shot on Thursday with a huge downpour in Bhubaneswar and adjoining areas. The city received 32.3 mm rainfall in nearly two hours, flooding many areas.The heavy rain prevented chief minister Naveen Patnaik's flight from landing on his way back from Koraput. \"It returned to Visakhapatnam due to bad weather and low visibility here,\" Biju Patnaik airport director Sarat Kumar said.Other parts in the state, including Cuttack and Baripada too received heavy rain. Cuttack city received 19.2 mm rainfall while Baripada got 25.4 mm during the day. Balangir (16 mm), Chandbali (12 mm), Sundergarh (8 mm) and Keonjhar (7 mm) were among other places in the state that experienced heavy showers.\"There was rainfall in a few places, mostly in coastal Odisha under the influence of a trough line, which passes through Jharkhand , interior Odisha and south Chhattisgarh extending up to 4.5 km above the sea level,\" said S C Sahu, director of local meteorological centre.Sahu said the monsoon period started from June and ended in September with Odisha receiving an almost normal rainfall. The state got 1148 mm in the season against a normal rain of 1149.3. He said the system had already withdrawn from many parts of north India and it is likely to withdraw from Odisha by second week of this month.The monsoon will take at least three to four more days to retreat as the atmosphere contains over 80% moisture right now, Sahu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681551", "title": "Vinu Mohan to enter wedlock with Vidyalakshmi", "text": "Looks like the bachelors in Mollywood are fast heading to matrimony. Mollywood actor Vinu Mohan is the latest to enter the league. The actor got engaged to Vidyalakshmi, an actress herself. Vidya has co-starred along with Vinu's debut film's co-star, Bhamaa, in Neelambari. The two got engaged at a private family function.Vinu debuted on the silverscreen with Nivedyam helmed by A K Lohithadas. The actor is the grandson of the late actor Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, son of actress Sobha Mohan and nephew of actor Sai Kumar. While his film career has not exactly been a successful one, it remains to be seen if marriage would alter his prospects. Will Vidya be his lucky charm, like Manju Warrier has been to her actor husband Dileep ? Only time will tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16679302", "title": "Special teams to monitor poll expense, campaign", "text": "VADODARA: Candidates contesting from 13 assembly seats in Vadodara in December this year will be under close scrutiny of the special teams formed for monitoring the poll expenditure. The district collector has formed 13 teams for monitoring expenditure by political parties and candidates. As the poll dates have been announced, the election code of conduct has come into effect from Wednesday. The administration has already begun exercise of implementing the code of conduct strictly in all the assembly segments.\"It is for the first time that we have formed special teams for conducting video surveillance in all the 13 assembly segments. The teams will videograph everything including the campaigning. If they find any anomalies, they will report to the authority concerned,\" said district collector Vinod Rao. He said the election officers have begun the exercise of removing banners, posters and any such material from government offices and public places.The administration has identified five assembly seats as sensitive in terms of election expenditure. \"Manjalpur and Sayajigunj in city and Padra, Waghodia and Dabhoi in rural have been identified as sensitive. We will put special focus on these segments. We will post two flying squads at these five assembly seats and one squad at other seats,\" Rao said. He, though, refused to divulge the reasons behind selecting these five segments as sensitive.A total of 18 flying squads and 35 static surveillance teams will be posted in the assembly segments. Income tax officers will also be involved in the monitoring exercise. All the public gatherings and addresses by politicians will also be videographed. A control room will also be set up by the administration where people can complain against flouting of election code of conduct. A state-level committee will be formed to monitor the menace of paid news.\"In Gujarat, a candidate has been given permission to spend Rs 16 lakh towards poll expenditure. Also, anyone found with cash of more than Rs 2.5 lakh will have to produce relevant documents to justify the amount. If they are not able to produce proper documents then the cash would be seized,\" Rao added.The administration will also attempt to increase the voting percentage in Vadodara by holding free, fair and participative elections. \"In 2007 assembly polls, only 58.6 per cent people voted in Vadodara of which 62 per cent were males and 56 per cent females. We want to increase the voting percentage by at least 10 to 12 per cent this time,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676233", "title": "Sharma\u2019s wife, an engineer\u2019s daughter, plotted heist", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Hari Kishan Sharma was the brain behind the Rs 5.25 crore cash van heist at Defence Colony, his wife Rashmi was more than a willing partner, say police sources. The daughter of an airlines engineer and granddaughter of a former joint secretary at the Parliament secretariat, Rashmi planned Delhi's biggest cash robbery together with her husband, thinking it would be their last crime.The cash-strapped couple planned to settle abroad after the heist and start a family, investigators reveal. This is what lured 32-year-old Sharma, a known extortionist of south Delhi who had since 'reformed', to return for one final heist that would enable him to retire rich.Sharma's romance with Rashmi, 26, is the stuff Bollywood storylines are made of. Sources said he spotted her outside her school, one of south Delhi's well-known institutions where he had gone to pick up his sister's child. It was love at first sight.Kin disowned Rashmi after marriageHe began to pursue her and, a year or so later, expressed his feelings to her. He would wait for her outside school and walk her home. Around this time, she too fell for him despite knowing about his dalliance with crime. They married in 2008 against the wishes of Rashmi's family, which has since disowned her. The same year, he went to jail in connection with the murder of a Nokia manager. But the imprisonment could not break their bond. If anything, it made her a partner in their 'last heist'.Police sources who know Sharma since his early days in crime say he was active since 2003, when he built a fearsome reputation as an extortionist. In 2005, he went to jail in connection with the murder of a transporter in R K Puram. In prison, he met Billu Solanki who had cases lodged against him under MCOCA and National Security Act. Sharma learnt more tricks of the trade from Solanki and went on a crime spree.However, Sharma began to change after marriage, police said. After he came out of jail in 2010, the couple had no source of income. From the little money Sharma's sister sent from London , they started a business of supplying packaged water. But the business shut down soon, partly due to mismanagement and also the fact that returns weren't lucrative as Sharma's brother, Deepak, also had a share in the profits.Sharma still tried to stay away from crime. A bike accident outside Saket court left him bedridden for weeks and made him more miserable, investigators who questioned the couple said.So Sharma decided it was time he executed the plan he had hatched in Tihar - that of committing a big bank robbery in the city. He talk about this with Rashmi, who agreed. They had their passports ready to flee the country after the crime. These have since been seized by the cops.When caught, the couple was without remorse. \"We cho8se the wrong place to strike and left two trails - the box and the van close to our house. Everything else was perfect,\" they told cops. Rashmi was so involved in the operation that she let Sharma buy in her name the Zen car used for transporting money from the place where they abandoned the cash van to their house. Even their getaway vehicle - a second-hand Honda City - was purchased by heron down payment, a day after the heist.Rashmi gave suggestions during the planning and told the gang how to plan and execute better. She also provided food and refreshments to the gangsters hatching the plot at her house in Khirki village. During the robbery, the guard of the cash van was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16681155", "title": "Gas distribution network in Gujarat to become strong", "text": "SURAT: The natural gas distribution network in Gujarat is set to become even more stronger, especially in the south Gujarat region, with the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) acquiring a controlling stake in the Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL).Talking to TOI over the prospects of the GGCL after its acquisition by the State-owned GSPC, Sugata Sircar, managing director of GGCL said the \"Gas distribution network in the state is going to become stronger\".Asked if the development would change the fortunes of the industries in south Gujarat, Sircar said, \"GGCL always endeavours to purchase gas at the best available prices and this will continue in the future. While increasing RLNG in the portfolio has increased average gas cost in the recent years, GGCL will continue with its approach of pricing gas in the best possible manner for customers. Gujarat is a mature gas state and the GSPC and GGCL both are having a large footprint in the state.\"About the reduction in the gas prices in the near future, Sircar made it clear that \"there is no immediate plan for change in prices. We will continue to assess the pricing periodically as we do and would provide competitive gas to our customers.\"When asked about the changes in the management structure, Sircar said, \"There is no change expected in the management structure as a result of the signing of the agreement. There will be changes in the GGCL's board, but it will take some four to six month period. We have a strong professional team at GGCL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16681084", "title": "Firing at liquor baron Ponty Chadha's house in Moradabad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Firing was reported from home of liquor baron Ponty Chadha in Moradabad on Friday morning.Initial reports say firing was heard for almost 15 minutes. It is not clear whether anyone has been injured in the firing.Police officials have declined comments on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16676838", "title": "Big B, more screen space jack up film fest budget", "text": "KOLKATA: The budget for the Kolkata Film Festival this year will almost double compared to 2011. The event, which is scheduled to be inaugurated by Amitabh Bachchan on November 10, is likely to see a budget of around Rs 2.5 crore. The festival authorities are also planning to screen films at the Netaji Indoor Stadium this year.With Big B inaugurating the festival, the state is planning to put up arch gates and welcome gates at different parts of the city. Even the airport, railway stations and the buses will be decked up with festival material. Sources said there would be kiosks at various locations with LCDs, so that people can watch the highlights of the festival.\"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee plans to involve more people in the festival this time. So, she wants screening of the films at the Netaji Indoor Stadium,\" said sources. During the Left Front regime, the festivals were mostly centred around Nandan, as it was the favourite venue of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. After Mamata came to the power last year, she hosted the inaugural show at Netaji Indoor, with Bollywood Badshah Shah Rukh Khan. Last year, the budget was Rs 1.4 crore.For the inaugural show, Netaji Indoor Stadium is being revamped to accommodate 10,000 guests. Last year, 7,000 guests watched the festival's inaugural event. SRK with Didi inaugurating the film festival.Organizers this year want increased sitting capacity, as the venue can accommodate 12,000 people in the gallery and 3,000 on the floor. With a big dais on the floor, there can be 7,500 people in the gallery.So, plans are on to specially design the sitting arrangement so the sitting capacity can go up to 10,000.There will be plasma TVs, too, so that the crowd can get a clear view of the inaugural show. In order to handle the rush, the state plans to arrange live telecast of the inauguration and place TVs around the stadium.An ad agency will be creating the design for the festival. Last year the ad agency, which was in charge of the creative design, had created the creative for the festival hadcharged Rs 10 lakh. This year, there will be around 40 foreign delegates and for each of them, the budget is around Rs 1 lakh. The state has allocated a budget of around Rs 30 lakh for bringing in 150 films from different locations. For setting up improvised structures at different venues, almost Rs 30 lakh will be spent.As there will be screening at Netaji indoor stadium so the acoustics is going to be improved and that means additional cost.An additional screening space will be carved out of films in the spacebetween Nandan and Rabindra Sadan, with the 'Film Mart' close to it. Moreover, an event management company, hired for the festival, will charge around Rs 40 lakh this year. Last year this cost stood at Rs 25 lakh. The event management company will be responsible for the inaugural show, decorating the venues, arranging press conferences and the closing ceremony at Nandan.With Big B coming to inaugurate the Kolkata film festival on November 10, the budget of the film festival is likely to be around Rs 2.5 crore. The festival authority plans a mega show, with screening of films at Netaji Indoor stadium even.Before the inaugural show the entire city is going to be branded with Big B's presence at the festival. There will be arch gates and welcome gates for Big B and the delegates. Even the airport, railway stations are likely to be decked up with the film festival event and even buses will be decked up. There will be kiosks at different points of the city with LCDs so people can watch highlights of the festival. For the show hostess will be hired to assist the delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore/mandya/mysore", "code": "16677978", "title": "Karnataka moves SC for stay on CRA directive", "text": "BANGALORE/MANDYA/MYSORE: As farmers took centre stage by sidelining politicians, Karnataka filed a petition in the Supreme Court on Thursday seeking a stay on the CRA directive to release 9,000 cusecs daily to Tamil Nadu until October 15.A week after the apex court directed Karnataka to abide by the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) directive, Bangalore will face the heat of the protests on Friday with a spate of demonstrations and dharnas planned by all parties separately ahead of the Karnataka bandh on Saturday. The Bangalore-Mysore highway continued to be blocked.Farmers' representative Kodihalli Chandrashekhar has threatened to block all highways in the state on Friday.The two teams from the Centre reached Karnataka and Tamil Nadu on Thursday to assess the water levels and the agricultural operations in both states. The team led by chief engineer Jacob will start touring the Cauvery basin projects in Karnataka from Friday.The Jacob team, comprising three experts, will tour the areas till Sunday. It will reach Maddur, where it will get down to business at 11am, and arrive at the KRS dam at 2.30pm. Along with Jacob, BP Pandey from the Central Water Commission, P K Saha, deputy commissioner in the ministry of agriculture and D Ranga Reddy will tour the areas. According to an official communication from the Cauvery Neeravari Nigam, the team will inspect KR Pet, Pandavapura, Mysore, Nanjangud, T Narasipur, Hunsur, KR Nagar, Holenarsipura and Channarayapatna.In Mandya, a day-long hunger strike was observed by the Cauvery Protection Committee led by former MP G Made Gowda. After virtually laying siege to the KRS dam in the district, the farmers vented their ire on politicians. Congress leader Siddaramaiah had to bear the brunt; he was heckled by the crowd, which accused him of letting them down. Siddaramaiah had to leave the venue amid police escort.Karnataka's petition in the court described the September 19 directive of CRA as \"arbitrary and ad hoc''.\"We have cited drought, no distress formula regarding water sharing in place and receding storage level as the reasons for seeking a stay on the directive,'' water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai told TOI. Another petition filed by Mandya farmers seeking same relief is slated for hearing by the apex court on Friday.While the farmers protested and the government moved court, priests at Mysore's Chamundeswari temple sought divine intervention to rescue Karnataka.times news network Filed by Naheed/shiv/aravind cleared by naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16678015", "title": "Staff crunch ails JP hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: Be it a political rally, sports event or a medical camp, sourcing doctors off their regular duty from district's largest civil hospital seems to have become customary. Officials at the JP hospital, which is already short of staff, admit that at times as many as 'one-third' of its medical practitioners are assigned duties outside the hospital, which affects hospital services.\"We have to comply with government orders. Earlier on Monday, 23 doctors were assigned different duties for various events taking place in the city,\" said hospital superintendent Dr Veena Sinha.There are 58 doctors in the district hospital. Officials at the hospital admit that they are often forced to refuse patients owing to the shortage of staff.\"We have even received instructions to reserve beds during sports tournaments. The shortage of beds in the hospital is no secret,\" said an official seeking anonymity.On Thursday alone, six doctors were pressed into service for the Hajj pilgrims' camp and one doctor and the only ambulance from JP hospital were deployed during the Congress rally in the city.\"We have requested the district collector on the matter and the hospital would restrict sending its doctors on outdoor duty,\" said Dr Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16677148", "title": "Police custody for Arpora accused", "text": "MAPUSA: Paijul Hanif Mandol, 29, a labourer and a resident of Kamalpur village in West Bengal, was arrested by the Anjuna police in connection with the murder of 60-year-old Patrick D'Souza in September. Police said that the accused has confessed to the crime.The accused in the Arpora murder has been remanded to seven days police custody, and cops have recovered the murder weapon and the clothes of the accused during the occurence of the crime, police said.Police also recovered a sickle and the clothes of the accused in the jungles of Arpora.Mapusa DySP Serafin Dias commended the Anjuna police team for cracking the case and for arresting the accused at the Indo-Bangladesh border at Balurghat, with the assistance of the West Bengal police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678246", "title": "Colour change in politics: Karunanidhi to wear black", "text": "CHENNAI: The sartorial taste of Dravidian politicians has evoked little excitement over the years. They always sport white shirts and white dhotis, no matter which party they belong to. But on Thursday, DMK chief M Karunanidhi had political circles aflutter when he was wheeled into Anna Arivalayam, the DMK headquarters in Chennai, wearing a black shirt and white dhoti. Even the characteristic yellow shawl, always on his shoulder, was replaced by a white one.When reporters asked the DMK chief about his choice of attire, Karunanidhi said the police had banned black attire for a protest planned by the DMK on Friday. \"Considering that violating the ban might lead to trouble, I thought it fit to wear a black shirt today,\" he added. Taking their leader's cue, a few senior party leaders too switched to black shirts.Later in the evening, Karunanidhi , in his customary letter to party cadres published in party organ 'Murasoli' , said he would continue to wear black in the days to come as a mark of protest against the AIADMK government.\"From today, as a mark of protest against the government , I am wearing black. I will continue to wear it,\" Karunanidhi said.This would perhaps be the first time in more than four decades that Karunanidhi is changing the colour of his shirt. Except on a couple of occasions when the DMK veteran switched to a long kurta (in white), he has never strayed from the white-shirt-whitedhoti attire. Today black shirts are worn only by members of the Dravidar Kazhagam founded by Periyar (E V Ramasamy Naicker), Karunanidhi's mentor. Members of a small number of fringe groups also sport black shirts.Periyar followers among the DMK senior leaders are cheering Karunanidhi's wardrobe change. \"Hereafter no one can criticize him for using a yellow shawl,\" DMK volunteers wing state secretary Pollachi M Umapathy said. He expressed the hope that the younger generation in the party will also follow Periyar's ideologies henceforth. \"Many of our second-level leaders bought black shirts today,\" he said.In 1996, Karunanidhi made a small change in his attire by throwing a yellow shawl on his shoulders. He discarded the shawl only on a couple of occasions in the last 16 years, including once when he wore a silk dhoti and silk shirt, with a silk angavastram, when he visited the Big Temple in Thanjavur during its millennium celebrations in 2010.Exciting by her father's decision to wear black, DMK Rajya Sabha MP Kanimozhi told TOI, \"I am happy to see him wear a black shirt. It looks like the continuation of the Dravidian movement in many ways and it is a moment for relook and reassertion of many of our ideologies. It also shows the unrelenting fighting sprit of our leader. It will energize the party.\"Recalling his association with the 'black shirt movement' launched by Periyar in 1945, Karunanidhi in his statement said he was the first to register for it. Before C N Annadurai broke away from Dravidar Kazhagam to form DMK in 1949 following differences over participating in the electoral process, all the Dravidian leaders, including Karunanidhi , used to sport black shirts frequently. The sartorial shift happened when he and many leaders followed Annadurai to launch DMK, and began wearing white shirts.At a function at Periyar Thidal, the DK headquarters, Karunanidhi reiterated he would be wearing black shirt in the days to come. He also ruled out the possibility of his party aligning with 'communal forces'.At a press conference earlier in the day, Karunanidhi said police have denied permission to the DMK to hold a human chain protest on Friday. He said the partymen would now go on a door-to-door campaign, distributing pamphlets against the \"anti-people\" policies of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16677898", "title": "AGTE expects 350 crore in FY13", "text": "KOCHI: Aldous Glare Trade &amp; Exports (AGTE), a Kochi-based personal computer distributor, is expecting revenues of Rs 350 crore from its distribution business in fiscal year 2012 - 2013, said George Thomas, chief executive officer of the company.\"We expect our revenues to touch Rs 1,000 crore by 2015. For that, we will set up a nationwide network with new distribution centres in Delhi, Mumbai and Hyderabad,\" Thomas said in Kochi on Thursday after releasing android-based tablets.\"The Hyderabad office will be ready by December 2012, Delhi by March 2013, and the Mumbai one by September 2013,\" he added.AGTE is marketing Eken Leopard tablets, made by Hong Kong-based Eken Electronics, in the country. Thomas expects to sell roughly 10,000 units a month towards the end of the calendar year 2012.\"India is an exploding market with a huge potential for low-cost tablets. This factor influenced us to launch budget tablets in India, which will take tablet computing to the masses. We have a major presence in the Europe and US, and soon will be expanding to emerging countries. Our focus is on schools, educational institutions and governments in India,\" said Edison Chang, chief executive officer of Eken, in a statement released to the press.Eken tablets come with 1.2 GHz processor, 512 MB RAM, 8GB internal memory, 1.3 MP front camera, and HD video playback facility. The tablet's memory could be increased up to 32 GB using the SD card slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677566", "title": "Police, NGO spar over 5-yr-old's rescue", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police and Childline India Foundation have locked horns over alleged torture of a five-year-old girl from Bihar by her foster family. Nisha (name changed) was handed over to her relatives by her father who married for the second time in Bihar. The girl came to Nagpur for education around six months ago. She is studying in KG-I at a private school. Social workers claims she was being tortured by the foster family.It is learnt Childline (1098) got a call on their helpline from a neighbour of the girl staying at Motibagh railway quarters on Tuesday. The caller informed that the girl had a burn injury on her left hand but was not being taken for treatment. He alleged she was also being regularly beaten for the past six months. The burn injury too is likely to have been inflicted by family members. It took almost four hours for Childline's workers to inform Pachpaoli police about the case. The cops, along with the social workers, reached the railway quarters and brought Nisha to police station. However, the cops allowed Nisha to return with her maternal uncle and his wife after verifying details.One of the social workers though said another girl of Nisha's age at the house had revealed a shocking fact. \"The girl had said Nisha will not tell the truth but only say she got burnt after coming in contact with a hot cooker. She would get more such injuries if she speaks the truth,\" said the social worker. The social worker said Nisha should have been kept in government shelter. \"Police are not showing any interest in taking action,\" she said. She added the cooker was kept on kitchen platform where the small girl is unlikely to have touched it. \"The girl got burnt in the noon while the cooking got over in morning. How could a utensil remain so hot for such a long period,\" she asked.Senior inspector PV Bele of Pachpaoli police station said cops tried to extract the truth from the girl who insisted she got burnt on coming in contact with cooker. \"The girl's father too said he had handed over his daughter to relatives so she gets better education. The girl spoke to her father too and did not make any complaint,\" said Bele. He said the father has been summoned. It is learnt Childline is set to approach the child welfare committee to get an order for rescue of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676476", "title": "Coalgate: PIL seeks fines, SC-monitored investigation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three weeks after the Supreme Court entertained a public interest litigation on Coalgate, an NGO moved another PIL on Thursday seeking a court-monitored probe by a special investigation team and recovery of punitive damages from private players who allegedly made huge gains.The PIL, filed by NGO 'Common Cause' and six prominent citizens, including ex-Cabinet secretary T S R Subramanian, ex-chief election commissioner N Gopalaswami and former Navy chiefs R H Tahiliani and L Ramdas, said, \"The investigation of the CBI at the instance of the Central Vigilance Commission is partial and does not cover the full magnitude of the scam.\"It said that the ongoing CBI probe may not be impartial. \"Considering the magnitude of the investigation and possibility of involvement of high public offices, including PMO, and the fact that CBI functions under the same very government it is supposed to investigate, a court monitored probe by an SIT is required,\" it said.Seeking cancellation of all coal blocks to private companies since 1993, the NGO requested the court to direct the \"SIT or the CBI and Enforcement Directorate to probe all allocation of coal blocks by Centre between 1993 to 2012\".It also wanted a probe into the manner in which states send recommendations as well as \"an investigation into how coal block allocated for captive use of ultra mega power projects were allowed to be diverted for non-captive use to permit private players to indulge in undue profiteering\".The NGO also said those UMPP owners who indulged in illegal diversion of coal from captive blocks must lose their licences. It said the government must also recover windfall profits made by private players from the illegal exploitation of blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677747", "title": "Foundation stone for centenary block laid at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: The foundation stone for the new centenary block hospital building was laid at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital premises, on Thursday. Mayor S M Velusamy, Coimbatore corporation, laid the foundation stone in the presence of members of legislative assembly and other senior officials.The decision to demolish the age-old buildings and construct new ones to accommodate all medical departments and facilities was mooted during the world classical conference during the previous regime. However, the funds were allocated only after the AIADMK came to power. The construction of the new hospital would be carried out by the public works department.\"It would be a state of the art building that will be constructed to accommodate the large pool of patients thronging the government hospital daily. The building will be constructed at a total cost Rs50 crore,\" said A Kannambal, executive engineer, PWD.She said the five-storey new hospital building would be coming up on 3.23lakh sq ft of land and it would be earthquake resistant. The hospital wards will accommodate 1000 beds.As many as 19 buildings out of the 75 that are on the premises will be brought to down to construct the new building. The facility will have specialised departments for neurology, nephrology, orthopaedic, cardiology, cardiothorasis and plastic surgery. There will also be an intensive care unit and five highly sophisticated operation theatres. In addition to eight lifts, there will be ramps for the differently-abled. The construction will take two years for completion, she added.A senior doctor in the hospital said that at least 5000 patients visit the out-patient ward daily and the hospital has 750 beds. However, this is inadequate as many patients are forced to sleep on the floor. Lab facilities are also inadequate, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675647", "title": "HC orders probe against two medical colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: HC on Thursday directed the NTR University of Health Sciences to conduct an enquiry into the allegations of a student that Shadan Institute of Medical Sciences and Dr VRK Women's Medical College were flouting norms in management quota admissions. The bench comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice Noushad Ali directed the university to submit a report in this regard and posted the matter to October 10 for hearing.Petitioner Farha Sultana of the city complained that the colleges concerned had refused to admit her under the management quota despite her securing 97.3% marks in intermediate.tnn She requested the court to direct the colleges to give her admission in any one of these colleges as per merit under the management quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16679411", "title": "District authorities crack down on unauthorized doctors in Dharwad", "text": "Hubli: The next time you visit a doctor, make sure he/she is registered with the district health office. There are about 120 unauthorized and illegal medical practitioners in Dharwad district. Though it is mandatory for doctors to register and regularize their services, many are yet to submit applications seeking registration. Most of the practitioners who have not submitted applications have ayush degrees, but \"allegedly\" practice allopathy. District health officer N M Angadi has decided to crack the whip on such unauthorized doctors. As a first step, he recently issued notices to few unauthorized doctors of Annigeri in Navalgund taluk. After implementation of the Karnataka Private Medical Establishment (KPME) Act in 2010 the government has made it mandatory for medical practitioners to register themselves. According to KPME Act -2010 allopathic, BAMS, BHMS, unani and siddha medical practitioners must register themselves. According to a survey there are around 45 unauthorized doctors practicing in Hubli taluk, 35 in Dharwad taluk and another 40 in Kundgol, Kalghatagi and Navalgund taluks of Dharwad district. Speaking to TOI, N M Angadi, district health officer, Dharwad, said that the drive against unauthorized medical practitioners will continue in the district. \"We have constituted a special squad to curb menace of unauthorized medical practitioners,\" he said. Most of the unauthorized doctors practice in rural areas. Angadi has asked the public to inform them if they know of any unauthorized doctors practicing in their areas. \"If doctors are unable to produce any proper certificate and documents at the time of inspection, a criminal case can be filed against them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16677671", "title": "JSM workers rally for drought relief", "text": "BOKARO: More than 500 workers of Jan Sangharsh Morcha (JSM) deomonstrated before the district collectorate building on Thursday urging the state government to declare Bokaro drought-hit and solve power problem and other issues of the area.Security personnel deployed at the gate of the collectorate building, however, stopped demonstrators from entering the office. The JSM members, including women in large numbers, demonstrated in front of the collectorate gate for several hours. Sources said that they came in shouting slogans and armed with banners in their hand from Dharamshala Moad. They left the spot only when their leader Rajender Mahto handed the charter of demands to SDO, Chas, Sanjay Singh.Mahto said that the farmers have not been able to sow seeds due to late arrival of monsoon. The government should declare Bokaro drought-hit for the relief of poor farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679099", "title": "Ban on \u2018toran\u2019 procession this year", "text": "PUNE: City police commissioner Gulabrao Pol announced here on Thursday that police will not permit 'toran processions' during Navaratra festival this year.Addressing a news conference, Pol said the ban is only on the procession. \"Devotees can offer 'torans' in temples without any procession,\" Pol said.The decision was taken in the backdrop of two major incidents that took place during the toran procession last year. One incident took place at Sahakarnagar, where a scuffle during the procession resulted in a gang war and six murders in Dhankwadi area. Another incident took place at Sangvi where one youth was murdered during the procession.As per last year's police records, 503 'toran processions' were carried out in various parts of the city. Police had registered seven cases last year.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal told the reporters that police have identified the groups, who used to arrange these processions during Navaratri. \"We will take preventive action against those groups to maintain law and order in the city,\" Singhal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676499", "title": "5 more FIRs likely in Coalgate scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the CBI prepares to file five more FIRs in the Coalgate scam, it questioned several officials of coal, power and steel ministries in the past 10 days. CBI sources said a fresh set of FIRs would be \"finalized in 10 days\" and they would be on the lines of the seven previous FIRs in which private companies were charged with misrepresenting their net worth and joint venture group companies to secure coal blocks.Meanwhile, in the PE against state government PSUs, CBI officials said they had written to state governments to \"provide documents related to coal block allocations in their area\". Sources said they will first investigate the PSUs and their joint venture companies through scrutiny of coal ministry documents and if they find any criminality, they will write to the state government 'either seeking consent for a CBI probe or probe by the state itself'.The PE against state PSUs is specific about coal block allocation made by the coal-rich states since 1993, official sources said. The sources said these states had allocated coal blocks to private companies after they entered into joint ventures with public sector undertakings for use of coal blocks for non-captive use.The PE will enquire into allocation of coal blocks and awarding of contracts for formation of joint ventures by government companies under the 'Government Dispensation Category' from 1993 onwards.A top CBI official said, \"Our coal probe is comprehensive and after registering three PEs, we are covering all the coal block allocations between 1993 to 2009. We are scrutinizing all the documents collected from various ministries.\"The agency has registered seven FIRs and three PEs in the Coalgate scam and a dedicated team of 22 officers is looking after the investigations scattered to seven states, several ministries and hundreds of private companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678472", "title": "990 more teachers for UT, but still not enough", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the UT education department is all set to recruit 990 teachers in city government schools within the next two months, the Right to Education (RTE) Act would continue to get violated as it would still not be able to bridge the huge gap in the teacher-student ratio.According to the RTE Act, the teacher-student ratio in every class should not be more than 1:30, whereas at present one teacher is handling a class of over 50 students in all the government schools. In some periphery schools, the situation is even worse, with one teacher teaching around 90 students in one class.The present strength of teaching staff in city government schools is close to 4,300 against 1.4 lakh students approximately and to bridge the gap in teacher-student ratio, the department would need to recruit around 2,000 teachers. So after making 990 recruitments, the department will still have to recruit 1,010 teachers to reach the said ratio. Out of these 990 recruitments, 226 posts of trained graduate teachers (TGTs) will be filled within one-and-a-half months, while the remaining 654 JBT seats will be filled within two months.Director, public instructions (schools), Upkar Singh said, \"There is a requirement of nearly 2,000 teachers, out of which 990 vacancies will be filled soon.\"All the states have March 31, 2013 as the deadline for correctly implementing the RTE Act which means the department will have to make more recruitments to match up to the requisite teacher-student ratio by then. However, information regarding next recruitment was not provided by the department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675656", "title": "NEET-PG online registration begins on a chaotic note", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first day of the application process for NEET-PG entrance examination for admissions to post-graduate medical seats, started on a chaotic note. Not only did the online registration for the examination was glitch-ridden, candidates also complained that the bank they were meant to pay up the examination fee was ill-equipped to handle the huge rush.The procedure to register for NEET requires candidates to first pay up the examination fee at an Axis bank branch (three branches in the city have been notified) and then register for the examination online, using the voucher given to them by the bank. However, candidates said they had faced problems on both counts. While many students had a problem at the bank as they were unable to get vouchers, most complained of problems during online registration. About 80,000 to 1 lakh candidates are expected to write the newly-introduced PG entrance examination from across the country. An estimated 15,000 candidates will be writing the examination from the state.The website for registration was inaccessible for most candidates in the city as the server was down due to overload. NEET-PG exam registration is being held from October 4 to November 12. The examination dates are from November 23 to December 6.Candidates who managed to register themselves for the computer-based examination said that they could not opt for test centres within the state or in neighbouring states. While there are three test centres in the state including two in Hyderabad and one in Vizag, the only available options for several test takers from the state were Guwahati, Patna and Raipur .Worried candidates stated that NEET-PG, which comes under the purview of National Board of Examination, is the only entrance examination for higher studies in medical education that would guarantee an MD. \"The Centre has done away with all the state-level medical PG examinations and hence, NEET is the only chance to get an MD. As there is too much at stake, all candidates are worried about the technical glitches on the first day of registration as they fear that such glitches could surface even on the examination day,\" said a candidate on the condition of anonymity.Testing company Prometric is responsible for the online registration of candidates and also for the conduct of NEET-PG examination. Prometric also conducts computer-based Common Admission Test (CAT) for admissions into B schools. Candidates said that Prometric has been rather vague about various aspects of the examination including scoring. \"There is no clarity on the syllabus for NEET. Besides, in spite of repeated queries from candidates, Prometric has not revealed the process of scoring though they have vaguely referred to an 'equating and scaling' process of evaluation,\" said a candidate.The national board of examination had announced that NEET-PG will be held in January, 2013, however, the examination was advanced to November, candidates rued. \"We were given hardly any time to prepare for the examination. It's the moral responsibility of the central government to make sure that no errors creep into the conduct of NEET-PG,\" said a candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678488", "title": "Soon, many flavours to spice food street fare", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Wafting aromas of yummy delights over spicy chit-chat under a starry sky -- a perfect ambience for a night out -- is something that city residents would soon be able to enjoy. From mid-November, the night food street, near Panjab University would start dishing out delectable delights. And yes this night food street to be opened by the municipal corporation would be different from the previous one.Non-vegetarian fare would no longer be a part of the menu. Different kiosks would provide an array of dishes. Four kiosks would be set up at the night food street - for Punjabi food, Verka/Vita products, bakery items and South Indian fare.Though non-vegetarian food would not be available, eggs and dishes made from it would be on offer. The decision to remove non-vegetarian fare from the menu was taken in view of earlier instances where people created a nuisance at the night food street after consuming alcohol along with non-vegetarian dishes. It was instances like these that had been keeping families away from the place.The menu includes \"dal makhni\" for Rs 27 per dish and \"shahi paneer/paneer pakhani/kadhai paneer\" for Rs 50 per plate. Costliest of the snacks are \"paneer tikka/paneer fingers/paneer pakora\" at Rs 68 per dish, while finger chips are priced at Rs 18 a dish. The kiosks will not be auctioned this time and the rent for each has been fixed at Rs 25,000 a month.MC's additional commissioner Lalit Siwach said applications have been invited for the draw-of-lots scheduled on November 1.Prices are way less as compared to the market rates. This is because the night food street is not a profit venture, instead it aims to provide good quality food at rates to suit all pockets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16677996", "title": "Energy-efficient solar power plant on RGTU campus soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Rajiv Gandhi Technical University (RGTU) will soon boast of being the first university in the country to have the facility of low-cost and most efficient solar-based futuristic power plant on cross linear concentrated solar power (CL-CSP) concept. The construction of the plant will start later this month with the help of the Tokyo Engineering Corporation, Japan. The university will use the power generated by the plant.Solar power plants running on the existing technology are less efficient. According to RGTU vice-chancellor professor Piyush Trivedi, \"The existing solar energy is 15% efficient while the CL-CSP concept is 30% efficient. Besides, it is low-cost power generation concept in long-term.\"\"The concept will replace the coal in conventional thermal plants in India within a time-bound manner,\" Trivedi said.Talking about the CL-CSP concept, Prof Trivedi said the new technology will help achieve the solar thermal power as per the Jawahar Lal National Solar Mission (JLNSM). Under this, the target is to produce 10,000 MW solar thermal power by 2022.\"The immediate aim of the mission is to focus on setting up an environment for solar technology penetration. The first phase (up to 2013) will focus on capturing of the low hanging options in solar thermal; promoting off-grid systems to serve populations without access to commercial energy and modest capacity addition in grid-based systems,\" Trivedi said.Trivedi said the CL-CSP concept brings an interface between universities and industries of India and Japan to demonstrate commercial use of CL-CSP technology. Talking about the technology, RGTU rector Dr V K Sethi said under the CL-CSP technology, 10% of coal consumption can be reduced which stands for Rs 1,000 crore every year in the country. \"Existing plants can be the best beneficiaries to save the coal by getting direct steam at 600 degree during the day. Currently, the steam could be generated up to 200 degree C only,\" Sethi claimed.Asked the reason of selecting RGTU for installing CL-CSP based power plant, Trivedi said, \"We have shown keen interest in the technology. Besides, the concept works on solar flux which is available in abundance on our campus.\"In the first part, the electricity generation from the 30 KW plant, to be installed at RGTU, will be used for air-conditioning purpose on the campus. Later, 1 MW plant will be installed for getting further electricity for different purposes. RGTU uses 600 kw electricity on its campus. \"RGTU would be able to save Rs 10-12 lakh every month after installing 1 MW power-plant,\" Trivedi claimed.BOXAdvantages1.Pollution-free2.Best available alternative source of energy3.Directly converts solar energy into thermal energy4. Thermal energy can be stored for use when solar energy is not available", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16678119", "title": "Banks suspected of laundering let off with Rs 5L fine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hard hit by criticism that Indian regulators were clueless about big time money laundering happening in the country using the banking system, the government has swung into action after an Intelligence Bureau (IB) alert that a mysterious Madhu Jain \u2014 whose identity is yet to be ascertained \u2014 had deposited Rs 72 lakh in cash at a Lucknow-based cooperative bank, received pay orders, deposited them in multiple accounts and withdrew the cash immediately.Jain's accounts with Mercantile Cooperative Bank Ltd in Lucknow disappeared as soon as the cash was withdrawn. The bank is being investigated as it is believed to be behind a bigger money laundering racket allegedly to the tune of Rs 8,000 crore involving transactions carried out between 2000 and 2009. Jain's case had come to light sometime in 2008.All this unaccounted money, the IB alert said, could have been inducted into the banking system. Worse, the Reserve Bank of India , upon receiving complaints, had audited the functioning of the bank and concluded that 'Know Your Customer' guidelines were not followed by the Mercantile Cooperative Bank. It fined the bank Rs 5 lakh for the lapse.The IB observation in the case, however, is scathing and is seen as a warning against the entire Indian banking system being dubbed as prone to money laundering where the source of money is not known.Just a few months ago, US authorities had raised an alarm on Indian regulators being unmindful of the due diligence process followed in high-value transactions where in many cases, neither the source of money nor the identity of the account holders were known.American anxiety was more focused on the slip that happened in lax KYC norms followed by the HSBC Bank in India which failed to raise alarm even when lot of transactions were later discovered by US authorities relating to drug cartels laundering money using the bank.Similar tainted transactions detected in Indian banks could jeopardize the credibility of the entire banking system. Sources said there were several instances where the RBI had detected large sums of unaccounted money being transacted in several cooperative banks in different states and after investigation had merely imposed fines of Rs 5 lakh or of a similar amount and let off the banks.In the case of the Lucknow bank, Jain's profession, the source of her huge deposits and where the money finally travelled are still a mystery. Probe agencies are completely in the dark whether it was drug money or whether it could have been used for acts of terrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16678477", "title": "NGO threatens to sue govt for failure to keep promise", "text": "JALANDHAR: After the Punjab government failed to keep its promise of paying Rs 3 lakh to each unanimously elected panchayat, an NGO, which exposed it through the RTI route, has now served a legal notice on rural development and panchayat department to pay over Rs 84.18 crore to unanimously elected 2,806 panchayats of Punjab as per promise or else it will be dragged to court.Information procured under RTI Act by Human Empowerment League Punjab (HELP) had also brought out an order dated April 27, 2011 by planning development (rural development branch) department, expressing its inability to release the amount.HELP activists Parvinder Singh Kitna and Charanjit Singh said that the state government had announced over four years back that every unanimously elected panchayat would be given this grant for spending on development of the village. \"About 2,806 villages have elected their panchayats unanimously. But even the opposition parties failed to raise the issue,\" they said.The notice sent by Punjab and Haryana high court advocate H C Arora to principal secretary and director of rural development and panchayat department has said that either the amount be released or a civil writ petition would be filed in the HC against the department, which would be at the cost and risk of these officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16677506", "title": "Udyog Vihar, the weak link", "text": "GURGAON: The newly opened Udyog Vihar link road leading to the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway remains underutilized even a week after being made operational. Because of fewer vehicles using this stretch, out of eight lanes only two are being put to use at present.Following Punjab and Haryana high court's direction, an eight-lane toll plaza has been put up to facilitate the tolling operation.The Udyog Vihar link road was expected to take the burden off Shankar Chowk and the 32-lane toll plaza. According to traffic police estimates, the new road may help in easing the traffic jam by at least 20% from the main carriageway. In other words, around 15,000 vehicles were supposed to take this road during peak hours.However, not much change has been seen in the situation so far. Shankar Chowk remains chock-a-block during peak hours and it takes more than 10 minutes to cross the 200-metre stretch on an average.Subsequently, the new toll plaza wears a deserted look as very few cars are seen taking the link road to the expressway even during peak hours.The private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), blames lack of awareness among commuters for underutilization. A spokesperson said that the company distributed leaflets, put up banners and made announcements through the public address system in this regard.It was also added that the road was not wide enough for smooth travelling.A visit to the spot revealed that the road is at one end of the Industrial area and reaching there is not very easy, traversing through narrow roads and heavy traffic.On implementing a ban on the U-turn towards Ambience Mall for Gurgaon commuters, DGSCL and the Gurgaon traffic police will hold a meeting on Friday to discuss ways to implement the new plan.Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday had ordered the two stakeholders to take effective steps to prohibit the U-turn during peak hours - from 8am to 11am and 5pm to 8pm.ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar said an alternative route had to be provided before implementing the new order. All this will be discussed in the Friday meeting.Traffic cops said that one alternative - a U-turn under Shankar Chowk flyover towards DLF Phase III could be used for approaching the mall.Alternatively, commuters coming from Shankar Chowk side can also take a U-turn towards the mall after crossing the toll plaza as it is free to use the toll plaza during peak hours from 8.30am to 10am and 5.30pm to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677501", "title": "Admit blind students, HC tells hostel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court's intervention has led to admission of two visually impaired girl students getting hostel facility in a government-aided school.A division bench comprising Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw on Wednesday disposed of a petition by the girls asking the school to extend hostel facilities to them after completion of formalities.HC was hearing a petition by NGO Social Jurist highlighting lack of hostel to the two girls in Class XI with hostel facility. NGO's lawyer Ashok Agarwal highlighted that the school had arbitrarily denied admission to the visually impaired students Sita and Ranjana in Class XI with hostel facility in the academic year 2012-13. \"The two girls had been studying in the school and also availing of hostel facility in the school since class VI but the school has refused to admit them to Class XI after they completed Class X in violation of their fundamental and human right to education as guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution of India\", Agarwal had argued.When HC had earlier issued notice on the petition the school had agreed to admit the girls but without hostel facility, expressing reservations regarding local guardianship of one of the girls, namely Ranjana, as she had no relatives residing in Delhi. HC then asked the school to allow the girls to attend classes as an interim measure, which the school complied with.On Wednesday once the mothers of both the girls appeared in court and assured their guardianship the bench disposed of the petition saying the school can now provide hostel since its apprehensions were taken care of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681658", "title": "Rana\u2019s KVJ audio release on Oct 7", "text": "Daggubati Rana-starrer Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum will have its audio launch on October 7 at Cinemax in Hyderabad. The makers are also planning to release couple of trailers and song promos on this occasion. The audio was supposed to be held earlier this week but had to be postponed since the trailers were not ready for the event.Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi) is directing this action entertainer in which Rana will be seen as a B Tech Babu and Nayanathara is essaying the role of a documentary writer. Sai baba Jagarlamudi is producing the film and Mani Sharma is composing the music. Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum will release simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil as Ongaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678193", "title": "Bengal artisans busymaking Durga idols", "text": "PATNA: A splash of colours and matching cacophony are bound to overwhelm a visitor if one visits the Bangali Akhara near Langartoli in the city, abode of idol-makers during Durga Puja.A team of artisans from West Bengal's Krishnanagar and Nadia districts, is burning the midnight oil for over three months to mould the most beautiful idols of Goddess Durga. Led by two brothers Sanjeev Pal and Nimai Pal, the artisans have set up a temporary base in the city as they have been doing for the last three generations. \"Both my grandfather and father also used to come to Patna for moulding Durga idols before the Puja and I also accompanied them as a child,\" said Sanjeev.Using soil from the Ganga, paddy plant and clay, they are already giving finishing touches to the idols for several Bengali associations based here, like R-Block Puja Committee, RK Mission, Engineers' Club, and those located at Chhajubag, Boring Road, Kali Bari etc. Even idols of Marufganj (Badi Devi and Choti Devi) and Dariyapur Gola etc are moulded by artists from Nadia.\"Almost a truckload of red clay and soil are needed to make one idol. Bamboo, jute, grass and soil from the Ganga are also used as raw materials. Since the idol is huge, we make it in panels. It takes about 15 days for each panel to dry, after which they are put together,\" Pal says.These poor artisans always look forward to Puja to make both ends meet. They look forward to make enough money to keep their hearth burning till the next festival.However, traditions in the making of the idols have given way to the demands of time. Blame it on the lure of commercialism, the new-generation idol-makers now decline to adhere to many of the age-old traditions. But Sanjeev and Trilokdhari Pal, Nadia, say, \"We still initiate the making of the idols on Rathyatra day. But, the tradition of bringing clay from the house of a prostitute to mix it with the rest of the clay and soil has been discontinued. Even 'chakkhu daan' (painting the eye of the Goddess), which was earlier done only on Mahasaptami, is now done on the demand of the client.\"Once the idol is complete, it is decorated with special jewellery made from 'zari', or brocade, paper, thermocoal etc, which is also brought from Krishnanagar. \"Some of the Puja Samitis too contribute gold jewellery for decorating the idol,\" said Nimai Pal.While Sanjeev and Nimai have kept their family tradition alive, they aren't sure if their children and grandchildren will do the same. \"The profession of idol-making carries less social recognition and monetary benefits. Our children are not that interested in learning this art,\" said Nimai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678294", "title": "Drugs in short supply in Nalanda Medical College and Hospital", "text": "PATNA: Bihar's third biggest medical college, Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), Patna, is facing an acute shortage of medicines, including life-saving drugs, to treat its around 500 indoor patients, about 100 patients who come to the emergency ward and 1,200 patients who visit the outdoor patients departments (OPDs) every day.Almost all the patients and their attendants have to buy medicines from the market. Besides, no pathological tests are being done at the hospital as it (the hospital) lacks investigation kits, gloves and chemicals.A surgeon and a physician on duty in the emergency ward, on condition of anonymity, said, \"As most of the drugs are not available in the hospital, we have to ask the attendants to buy them from outside.\" A hospital staff said not more than 10 drugs are available.This crisis has not happened overnight. The hospital has been facing shortage of medicine for the last several months. However, the situation was not so bad during the tenure of former superintendent, Dr N P Yadav, though a vigilance probe was initiated against him in connection with drug purchase. Hospital sources said this was the reason why the present superintendent, Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, is very cautious on the issue. Hospital authorities said the patients or their attendants sent to medicine store return empty-handed most of the time. If sometime some drugs are provided, they are near expiry and in inadequate number. Non-availability of medicine also results in occasional scuffle between attendants and doctors.However, health department denied that drugs were not available at the hospital. Principal secretary, health, Vyasji said, \"I have personally inquired with the hospital superintendent who informed that 40 medicines are available in the hospital.\" He, however, admitted that life-saving antibiotics were not available. \"I have intimated the State Health Society, the designated body in the state for procurement and supply of drugs. We have called the suppliers for sorting out the issue.\" On pathological tests not being done at the hospital, Vyas ji said, \"I shall have to check out this.\"NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, too, echoed the same line, saying generally all medicines are available, except for some injectable antibiotics. \"We had a meeting today with the State Health Society, which has assured that by Friday these antibiotics will be made available.\"Incidentally, all the medical college hospitals get Rs 3 crore each from Patients' Welfare Fund for purchasing drugs and other related materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16677609", "title": "I've told my officers to perform or perish: JSEB chief", "text": "The Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) has a history of being instrumental in toppling the first Babulal Marandi government in the state with a former JD(U) minister, Lalchand Mahato not seeing eye to eye with the then board's chairman, Rajiv Ranjan. The board has now seen 14 chairpersons in the 12 years of the state's creation. Several have been IAS officers on verge of retirement or transferred on the whim of the government while others, essentially political appointees, have again been 'aya rams gaya rams' with stints of less than 12 months. As such, the board has been gasping for breath suffering losses over the years.The latest incumbent S N Verma, who is now on the chair since June 2011, however, appears to be having his feet firmly on the ground promising to deliver against all odds. Having worked outside the state for 29 years coming to Jharkhand is like homecoming to him and he claims to understand the psyche of the people here inside out. Verma appears determined to bring about radical reforms in the board and if the government 'tolerates' him another year he will turnaround JSEB on the lines of GujaratQuestion: The JSEB has a notorious reputation of non-performance and corruption.Answer: The JSEB is haunted by ghosts of three kinds: CBI, Vigilance and court. As a result a fear psychosis prevails among officers and employees here who have time and again simply refused to take any decision on paper for fear of offending either of the three. But now I've made it clear to my officers that they should either perform or perish. \"Babugiri' has to go and I've suspended many officers for non-performance.How do you take the challenge thrown to you by the board unions who have refused to accept handing over maintenance and billing to private agencies.This is no privatization at all but only an attempt to bring the board at zero liability. The package selected by JSEB is on Bhiwandi model in which the franchisee will be responsible for billing, recovery and maintenance which is anyway still being done by local contractors. However, JSEB will continue to oversee these areas. The franchisee will in fact be responsible for reducing aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses, according to the agreement with Tata Power and CESC .What has the JSEB done so far for reducing the loss?Earlier the JSEB's realization of revenue per month was Rs 147 crore which has now come to Rs 220 crore and we will breakeven when we cross Rs 250 crore. In one year, JSEB has reduced AT&C; loss from 46 per cent to 32 per cent for which revenue has also increased. Raids are being conducted rampantly and there have been more than 2000 FIRs against power pilferers and many are in jail. Now it is the job of these agencies to bring down this loss from 32% pc to the national average of 20%.The power board unions have threatened a blackout in the state if private agencies are brought in.There is a huge confusion and sense of insecurity among the agencies that this would take away their jobs. But I want to convince all members of the six unions that there will be no change in their service terms and conditions nor will there be any retrenchment. There is already a 65 per cent manpower crunch in the board and instead of retrenching more people will be recruited. In fact the agencies will be an extended arm of the JSEB. Billing will be approved by the board and there will be no risk of increased tariff which is still the lowest in the country.What is the deadline for this?The franchisee will be handed over by November come what may and I'm not going to give in to a handful of people who are out to jeopardize the board's road to prosperity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16676557", "title": "Cops mull over Odisha Jan Morcha rally venue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The proposed public meeting of Rajya Sabha member and BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra's newly-launched forum Odisha Jan Morcha has landed the commissionerate police in a tight spot. While OJM has sought permission from police to hold rally and public meetings with around 50,000 supporters at Lower PMG on any date between October 20 and 28, the police are reluctant to give their nod after the September 6 violence at the same venue.Commissioner of police Sunil Roy said he has entrusted his deputy Nitinjeet Singh to take the final call on the OJM application. Citing an Orissa High Court guideline, Singh said police will never allow public meetings on Mahatma Gandhi Marg leading to Lower PMG. \"We are examining the OJM request. But we only allow people to hold demonstrations and rallies at Lower PMG; not public meetings with huge congregation,\" Singh told TOI. \"Lower PMG does not have enough space to accommodate 50,000 people. We would try to recommend to OJM to hold the meeting either at Janta Maidan or Exhibition Ground,\" Singh said.OJM questioned the stand of police. \"If police gave permission to Congress to hold a rally and public meeting at the same venue, why will OJM be prevented from doing so? It will be considered discriminatory,\" Morcha convener Jagneswar said.Roy said the Congress had sought permission to hold rally only, not public meeting. \"But the party organised public meeting in violation of HC guideline,\" Roy said. But he refused to comment as to why the police did not stall the party's public meeting and initiate action for violating the guideline.Jagneswar said the Morcha would consider whether or not to organise public meetings at other locations only after the police rejects their first choice of Lower PMG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677435", "title": "Robotic welding repairs railway tracks deftly at low cost", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In its continuous tryst to adopt the latest technologies, North Central Railway is employing the translamotic robotic welding technique in track maintenance work. The welding of points and crossing on railway tracks is done automatically without any manual interference eliminating errors. This new technology saves time and is also cost effective.The North Central Railway has a network of more than 4,600 track kilometers of which more than 5,000 turnouts are in service. Turnouts (also called points and crossings) are used for diverting the route on the railway track. The component crossing which is made of cast manganese steel (CMS) is an important part of the point and crossings.Due to movement of trains, there is wear and tear on the CMS crossings and on a busy high traffic density section like Allahabad division, replacement/reconditioning is warranted in about two years time.Due to high density of traffic, points and crossings wear out within a short period. Earlier, this repair and reconditioning was done in track depot after taking out the worn-out crossing, which involves huge manpower and time and also block traffic. This repair method takes only about five minutes.To avoid loss of time for removal of CMS crossings and put them back after reconditioning along with transportation it was considered to use the new translamotic robotic welding technology.It is a handy machine and can be lifted by two persons. It works through software for which data is fed in the logger. The welding is done by 'core flaxed fire called translamagna wire of 1.6 mm diameter.Translamotic robotic welding machine is put on track and date of area to be covered under welding is fed in a device called 'Charlie' Maper. Welding is done automatically and is controlled completely by a computer programme. Robotic welding increases life of CMS crossings and requires only about six hours of welding without any traffic block. Spare CMS crossings are not required.Further, in the process of taking out CMS crossing from track, transportation to welding depot and back to site, the insertion in track is also saved. This new technology saves time and it is cost effective.Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur informed that with the use of new technology, time is saved and frequent blocks are also not taken out, ensuring safety of the rail movement and punctuality of trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677556", "title": "Village Eco Development a boon to Bor wildlife sanctuary", "text": "NAGPUR: Their hands no longer get black with soot. No longer do they have to inhale the smoke coming from the traditional chulhas. Things have changed in the lives of these young girls of Salai Pevat village near Bor Wildlife Sanctuary thanks to the introduction of LPG as a part of the Village Eco Development (VED) programme of the forest department.Introduction of LPG has also helped in bringing gradual change in the out look of villagers. Earlier, the men in village used to scoff at the idea of even entering the kitchen but today, Maruti Chaudhari, who is in his 70s makes his own morning tea. All these are happening thanks to LPG connections provided by the forest department.\"Social fencing is very important for the protection of forests. VED is an effort to bring development to these villages such that their dependence on the forest is reduced. This also helps in getting people's support for various conversation programmes,\" said assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Uttam Sawant.Villages that are being covered under this project are encouraged to reduce their dependence on forests. In the case of Salai Pevat, cattle grazing and collection of firewood was putting pressure on the forest.75 per cent of the total cost of the development project is being borne by the forest department, while the villagers have to put in rest of the amount. An amount of Rs10 lakh is given to a VED committee formed in the village. They then decide upon the development works that has to be taken up.\"After a survey, we decided that giving LPG sets to the villagers was the best way to wean them away from using firewood. We are also going to provide free cylinders for one year by which time they will get used to LPG and thus won't go back to the chulhas,\" said Sanjay Dolas, president, VED committee, Salai Pevat.Apart from this, 840 acres of non-forest barren land will be developed into pastures for cattle grazing. Other initiatives like solar street lights, sewing machines and jhunka bhakar set ups for women's self help group are also being planned, he added.The success of VED in this village has motivated other villages in the vicinity of the sanctuary. This has sparked a positive attitude in the villagers towards forests and also the department. \"Now when they see and experience the benefits of the forests around them they are willing to help in its conservation. They keep us informed of suspicious activities occurring in the forest. This in turn helps us in conservation and protection of forests,\" said Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679526", "title": "Hookworm turning Raj anaemic, finds survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan has been seeing an increasing number of anaemia cases and the culprit it seems is a bloodsucking worm. A hookworm that lurks in the soil creeps into the body and proceeds to feed on blood and other nutrients, study has found. Rajasthan had reported alarming levels of anaemia in men and women according to the National Family Health Survey-III , following which the state government instituted a survey to find out the root cause. The survey found that 53.1% of the women aged 15-49 years are anaemic in Rajasthan . Apart from basic hunger , hookworm is one of the root causes of malnutrition, underweight children and anaemia, the survey reported. In Rajasthan, preliminary, unaudited results of the survey (based on some school samples) indicate an average expected worm prevalence of one or more of the common soil transmitted worms (roundworm, whipworm and hookworm) is around 57%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679077", "title": "Colourful start for Space Week celebrations", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Set on the theme 'Space for Safety and Security', the World Space Week (WSW) celebrations took off on a colourful start under the aegis of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) here on Thursday marking the beginning of the week-long celebrations in hundreds of schools across the state.Inaugurating the celebrations at VSSC here on Thursday, Kerala state council for science, technology and environment ( KSCSTE) executive vice-president Prof V N Rajasekharan Pillai said the theme of this year's celebrationis very much relevant in today's world and people should be aware of the benefits of space programmes. \"ISRO is doing an excellent service to every Indian by providing communication, television and telephone connectivity; it helps increase agricultural production and provides data for natural resources management. Space has contributed in providing telemedicine, tele-education, satellite navigation, search and rescue, disaster management and monitoring urban sprawl,\" he said.VSSC associate director John P Zacharia presided. GSLV-MKIII project director and chairman of the WSW 2012 steering committee S Somanath welcomed the gathering. ISRO Inertial Systems Unit (IISU) director G Ravindranath, space scientists P Ratnakara Rao, and J Joseph spoke.All Kerala interschool quiz, essay competitions and open house at VSSC will be held for three days from October 7. A model rocket launch will be held at Central Stadium and a painting competition for students at Chandrasekharan Nair Stadium will be held on October 7. Students' interaction with space scientists will be held on October 8. As many as 70 scientists from VSSC will address the students at 250 schools across the state during the week. Prizes for winners will be presented at the valedictory function on October 10.Meanwhile, the WSW celebration on Thursday at Regional science centre, Calicut was inaugurated by project director of polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV) P Kunhikrishanan. At Kakkanad Science Park inspector general of police K Padmakumar inaugurated the celebrations. Celebrations are also on at Kannur, Kodumon and Chennithala, where VSSC has permanent exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16677660", "title": "Goods transport too grinds to a halt", "text": "SALEM: The power crisis in the state is having a multiplier effect on various industrial sectors in western Tamil Nadu. With the manufacturing industry taking a major hit due to the long and unscheduled outages, the goods transport sector has lost business in a major way.Truck owners in Salem, a hub for goods transport, said the number of loads from the district to various parts of the country has reduced by half in recent days as manufacturing units have cut down production due to the power crisis. Many trucks are forced to remain idle for days together in the district without taking loads.Various products such as sago, starch powder, steel, stone powder, textile products, agriculture products, cement are transported from Salem to various places across the country.President of Salem District Lorry Owners Association V Chenna Kesavan claims the number of loadings from Salem to various parts of the country has reduced by half. \"Truck bookings have seen a dip in the past few months. It is because of power shortage and the failure of southwest monsoon. Due to power shortage, manufacturing units have cut down production. Due to the failure of monsoon, agriculture-related goods transport has also been affected,\" Kesavan said.S Anbu, who owns a goods transport company in Salem, said the business for truckers have been reduced by half in the past few months. \"Earlier, if a truck came to Salem for unloading, it would return with goods immediately the next day. Now, it has to halt and wait for two to three days to find goods to transport,\" Anbu said.Kesavan added that nearly 8,000 of the 20,000 trucks registered in the district are remaining idle in many places in Salem. Due to the fall in truck booking, trade from the district too has been declined. V MT Raja Vadivel, president, Tamil Nadu Lorry Booking Agents Federation, said Rs 1,000 crore worth trade transaction has been affected in Salem district alone. \"About 2,000 lorries used to leave with load from Salem daily. The daily trade used to be about Rs 2,000 crore. This transaction has been majorly affected,\" Vadivel added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16678357", "title": "Student deposes in Kumbakonam school fire case", "text": "THANJAVUR: A boy, one of the 18 children who had escaped with burn injuries in the Kumbakonam school fire tragedy in 2004, has blamed the school correspondent for his injury in the fire accident.He deposed before judge G Saravanan in Thanjavur district sessions court in the fire case trial here on Thursday.Rahul Raghavan, a class 10 student, was cross-examined on Thursday by the government appointed special public prosecutor R Madhusudhanan as well as two counsels of the prime accused, school correspondent Pazhanisamy and his wife Saraswathi. Rahul was studying in third standard in the school when the fire accident occurred on July 16, 2004.Apart from the 94 children who were killed in the accident, 18 sustained burn injuries. After a long delay, the much-awaited trial of the case commenced on September 24, 2012 in the Thanjavur district sessions court.In this case, 21 persons were included as accused and 488 persons including 18 children were included as witnesses. The trial gets underway daily except on holidays as per Supreme Court directions.Since the commencement of the trial, the headmaster-turned-approver Prabaharan was cross-examined by the counsels of the accused till September 28.On Thursday, four children, Rahul Raghavan, Kowsalya, Mercy and Divya were summoned to appear in the court for cross-examination. However, only Rahul was cross-examined on Thursday.PP Madhusudhan told TOI, \"The two counsels of the prime accused and I cross-examined Rahul on Thursday. He said the school correspondent Pazhanisamy forced him to enter a building that was engulfed by fire. Hence, he struggled to escape from the fire and sustained burn injuries.\"\"The cross-examination with Rahul is expected to be over on Friday. Moreover, the court summoned two other students in addition to the four students to appear in court on Friday. Moreover, all the 18 children would be cross-examined one by one,\" said Madusudhanan.Madhusudhanan also said the court dismissed a petition filed by counsels of the accused to include the then Thanjavur collector, Radhakrishan, and three others as accused in the case. As there was no merit in including them as accused, the petition was dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679215", "title": "PCMC demolishes 15,000 sq ft construction in Pimple Saudagar", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) on Thursday resumed its drive to demolish unauthorised constructions, wherein an illegal two-storied building with a total area of 15,000 sq ft located near hotel Shivar on Garden Road in Pimple Saudagar was demolished.Gulab Dangat, executive engineer, engineering department, led the drive along with seven junior engineers under police security provided by the Sangvi police station.The PCMC's demolition drive, started around four months back to check the growing number of unauthorised constructions in the city, had been suspended during the Ganesh festival.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, who is on a two-month leave to attending a fellowship programme in the US, had asserted that the demolition action would continue even in his absence.Meanwhile, the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will also resume its drive to demolish unauthorised constructions.Chief executive officer of PCNTDA Yogesh Mhase said they have sought police security to conduct the drive.The PCNTDA had started the demolition drive around 10 months back to remove new unauthorised constructions in progress since December 2011 and old commercial unauthorised constructions on PCNTDA land.The drive was conducted in the Chikhli, Walhekarwadi, Wakad and other areas and was halted during the Ganesh festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677233", "title": "Nagpur doctors allege extortion by NMC health panel chief, hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: Two city doctors, Dr Pramod Mundra and Dr Manish Baheti, have alleged Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) hospital committee chairperson Dr Safalta Ambatkar and her husband Dr Yaswant Ambatkar demanded Rs25 lakh from them for resolving certain construction related irregularities in Platina Heart Hospital and Surelife hospital run by them two doctors in a building near Hotel Hardeo.These doctors are being supported by the local branch of the Indian Medical Association (IMA). Dr Ashok Adhao, past national IMA president, Dr Harish Chandak and Dr Ashish Diswal, president and secretary of IMA, Nagpur, told reporters that the association was providing them a platform to speak to media on Thursday evening at IMA hall. The reporters were given an audio CD of the conversation between the Ambatkars and the doctors that allegedly contains the extortion demand.Dr Safalta, a BJP corporator from Jail ward, denied the allegations against her and her husband and said instead she was trying to help the two doctors who had approached her. \"They said they had made huge investment in hospital and taken loans. I only assured them all help as a doctor. How can I ask 'donation', the word used in the conversation in the audio clip? I don't run a NGO to demand a donation. They had approached us after someone pointed out the irregularities to them,\" she said.Interestingly, the two doctors who claimed that they were asked Rs25 lakh by the Ambatkars have not yet approached the police. They said that they would register a complaint on Friday. Dr Adhao said he was glad that IMA had offered to stand by the doctors who were being harassed. IMA press release condemned the Ambatkar couple's misuse of her position and breach of ethical conduct of medical professions as they too were doctors. IMA has demanded dignified treatment towards medical community from NMC Mayor Anil Sole and the commissioner Shyam Wardhane.Dr Mundra told reporters he was running his hospital in Dhanshree commercial complex in Sitabuldi. The property he claimed has the required NMC sanction. \"I received a call from an acquaintance that our hospital's file was lying with Ambatkars and there were some irregularities, sanction of our hospital was illegal and we should meet them to solve the problem. Dr Ambatkar, in first meeting threatened us with consequences. She said if we didn't wish to go get into trouble like Care Hospital and Pakhmode hospital then we should bring the money,\" said Dr Mundra.The two doctors claimed they met the Ambatkars thrice in past month or so. In the third meeting, someone claiming as Advocate Gundalwar came to the Platina hospital on September 15 and threatened us with dire consequences even as he demanded Rs25 lakh on behalf of Ambatkars. In the fourth meeting, a few days later Yashwant Ambatkar demanded the money while Dr Safalta was sitting besides him. The demand was reduced to Rs20 lakh now.When asked why they did not report it to NMC officials or police, the doctors said they were scared to get into all that. Dr Mundra said he decided to make the issue public when the Ambatkars held a press conference and levelled false allegations against them. Also questioned on offering money through cheque to the Ambatkars, the doctors said they did so as a bait as they were recording the conversation.\"IMA approached us after reading about the issue. We got some courage. We will file a police complaint tomorrow,\" said Dr Mundra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677526", "title": "Seminar on trauma care on Sunday", "text": "NAGPUR: Trauma care requires coordination between various disciplines of medicines. To discuss these aspects, Academy of Medical Sciences (AMS) in association with Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society &amp; Association of Surgeons of India, Nagpur chapter is organizing a symposium on 'Multi-speciality Approach In Trauma Care' on Sunday.The topics for deliberations include reviewing the current guidelines of trauma care, latest diagnostic tools and the techniques used for treating critically ill patients by means of lectures and interactive sessions. Several controversies related to the discipline will also be taken up for discussion. Dr Kamran Farooque from AIIMS, New Delhi, Dr Satish Dharap from Sion Hospital, Mumbai, Dr Sushil Patkar from Poona Hospital, Pune, and Dr Mahesh Joshi from Apollo Hospital, Hyderabad, would be the expert faculty.\"Orthopaedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, general surgeon and emergency care physicians have to work together to treat a critically ill patient. We will take up topics like trauma resuscitation, management of mangled limbs, ultrasonography and neuro-spinal trauma among other important issues,\" said Dr Rajan Barokar, president of AMS.\"A public awareness programme would be organized in the evening that will have participation of Dr Sanjeev Chaudhary, DCP traffic Jeevraj Dabhade, International Society for Road Transport and Safety (ISRTS) secretary Tushar Mandlekar and the guest faculty among others,\" said Dr Satyajeet Jagtap, secretary of VOS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16678168", "title": "Atal govt denied special status to Bihar: Lalu", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Former chief minister and RJD chief Lalu Prasad said the Atal Behari Vajpayee government at the Centre had spoiled chances of granting special status to Bihar. Nitish Kumar was railway minister in 2002 when the then CM of Bihar Rabri Devi had sought special status category to Bihar, which was denied.Lalu told the cheering crowd that with the people's support, the RJD and like-minded parties would dislodge the NDA government from the state. He was addressing a meeting at the historic Sandy's Compound ground at Bhagalpur during his 'parivartan yatra' on Thursday.\"The then CM Rabri Devi, at a public meeting in Patna's Gandhi Maidan in February 2002, had raised the issue of special status in the presence of the then PM Vajpayee as well as the then railway minister Nitish Kumar but no step was taken by the NDA government,\" Lalu said adding it was surprising that CM Nitish Kumar was now demanding special status to Bihar even as special financial assistance or package is more important.Lalu said that Nitish Kumar was taking the people of the state for a ride by his campaign. \"Nitish is trying to divert people's attention from the problems facing them. Corruption, loot, murder and all types of crimes have increased in the NDA regime,\" he claimed. Lalu was accompanied by RJD MPs Ram Kripal Yadav , Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, former MPs Jai Prakash Yadav, Dr R K Rana and host of other leaders. Wooing minorities, Lalu said people have seen the dual character of some leaders who go to Gujarat and shake hands with fundamentalist forces and then do not allow such forces to come to Bihar. \"Yeh chaal ab nahi chalega\" (this won't do any more),\" Lalu said.Lalu said that Nitish Kumar had promised 24 hours electricity but the state was reeling under power crisis. The RJD supremo also spoke about unrest of teachers, bad road conditions, CAG report on AC-DC bills, status of mid-day meals in government schools, bureaucratic red tapism besides others. Lalu urged the people to get rid of the NDA government in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678532", "title": "Ghariyal, turtles found dead in Chambal river", "text": "KANPUR: Carcasses of a 10-feet-long female ghariyal and seven turtles were found floating in Chambal river near Patharra Kheda and Lalpura villages that fall under the limits of Etawah's National Chambal sanctuary on Wednesday.Both the sanctuary authorities and locals have yet been unable to identify the cause of death of the animals. Sujoy Banerjee, deputy chief conservator of forest, National Chambal Sanctuary, Agra division, said, \"We are aware of the incident as the officials concerned were informed about it by locals on Tuesday night itself. I have asked them to intensify patrolling near the river and nab those responsible.\"He added, \"Prima-facie, this seems to be the handiwork of small time fishermen, who off late have reportedly been fishing for personal use along the 150 km stretch of the river between Etawah and Agra. Some of them have been identified and we will soon achieve a breakthrough in this regard.\" He said the sanctuary officials have earlier seized several vessels involved in illegal fishing in the river.The dead turtles included those of the Brahminy river turtle and Nilssonia Gangetica species. Meanwhile, a forest department official who visited the spot on Thursday said the actual cause of aquatic animals' deaths would be established after post-mortem inquiry. He said anybody found involved in fishing activity in the river would face strict action.A wildlife enthusiast said use of hooknet by fishermen to trap turtles and fish in the river is to be blamed. While it enables the fishermen to catch fish in large numbers, aquatic animals like ghariyals and dolphins are often killed in the process. A representative of an NGO said a similar incident had taken place in the area on August 8. The dead ghariyal was about 3.5 feet in size and found in a highly decomposed state. The forest department is yet to achieve a breakthrough in the case.In 2007, ghariyals (Gavialis gangeticus) were listed as 'Critically Endangered' in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. At present, besides Chambal, ghariyals are found only in the Ganga, Brahmaputra and Mahanadi river systems in India and Nepal.The World Wide Fund for Nature, India estimates that more than 100 ghariyals died in the sanctuary since December 2007. Most of the dead ghariyals were spotted at the confluence of the rivers Chambal and Yamuna. The river Chambal is the largest of the three remaining breeding populations of ghariyals left in the world.According to Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature said, \"There is an urgent need to improve the existing infrastructure. The National Chambal Sanctuary authorities should intensify river patrolling to protect endangered aquatic animals in the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681412", "title": "Vaadanaayaka to release next month", "text": "Kiccha Sudeep and Chiranjeevi Sarja starrer 'Vaadanaayaka' will be released on 1st of November. Produced by Shankar productions and directed by Aiyappa is being slotted for release on 1st November this year. The film has finished its shoot and is in post production phase.The film is remake of Telugu film Lakshyam which had Gopichand and Anushka in leading roles with Jagapathi Babu playing a special role. The Kannada version has some additional portions of Sudeep.Kiccha Sudeep has done half of his dubbing while the remaining dubbing work will be done after the completion of re-recording work by music director Arjun Janya.The audio of the film is being planned for release on October 20 or 21. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677041", "title": "PWD minister fumes over new RTR proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it seemed that, finally, the Rao Tula Ram Marg flyover mess was getting sorted out, some Vasant Vihar residents have thrown a spanner in the works by coming up with an alternative proposal. The state PWD has planned an additional three-lane flyover next to the existing one, as reported in TOI, to decongest the area. These residents want only half of this proposed extension on either side which will, obviously, save the service lane. PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan is livid and is ready to lock horns with the lieutenant governor's office for recommending examination of this alternative after Delhi government has taken a decision.After the LG's office asked planning body UTTIPEC and road-owning agency PWD to consider the alternative, Chauhan told TOI: \"This climate of people with contacts muscling their way into decisions of public welfare can't be allowed. RITES is a premier agency that was appointed for providing scientific solutions to the prevailing mess at RTR and has given its suggestions after much deliberation, planning and study. Skilled PWD engineers have been in consultation with them to come up with best solutions. They should be allowed to do their work.\"RITES had been hired to conduct a six-month study of the entire outer Ring Road stretch for a fee of Rs 2 crore. \"If required, I am willing to go to Kamal Nath (urban development minister) with this plan. It is wrong on the part of the authorities to push plans on the basis of some high-profile people's wishes. Even when we built flyovers near Model Town, people's shops in Azadpur had to be acquired. These included shops of ex-minister Mangat Ram Singhal. Public welfare is of our first priority,\" said Chauhan.Some residents of Vasant Vihar had reportedly visited the LG's office two weeks ago with their plan. Claiming that their design was prepared by architects and road experts, they had told the LG's office that this could be achieved without placing additional pillars or portals on either side of the flyover but by merely strengthening the present pillars and cantilevers to support the additional weight.Confirming this, OSD to the LG, Ranjan Mukherjee, said, \"The LG's office got a lot of complaints from RWAs on this stretch about the solution proposed by RITES, claiming that it would add to the congestion as road space will be occupied further. During the construction period, which will be 15-24 months, the situation could worsen. RTR Marg is as such congested and it will only add to the problem.\"\"Since their concerns appeared valid, the LG has directed UTTIPEC and the PWD working group to consider their proposal and conduct the necessary structural stability test through IIT or other experts. This solution will be discussed in the next governing body meeting. The LG believes that governance is best delivered when the suggestion comes from the grassroots where the brunt of the problem will be felt. The residents of Vasant Vihar have prepared this solution with in-house expertise,\" he added.Observing that PWD will take a look at the residents' proposal to determine whether it would be structurally sound, Chauhan said, \"RITES and PWD considered all possibilities before putting forth their suggestions. The portal structure has been suggested to ensure there is space underneath the flyover for traffic movement as well. Widening a flyover without additional support on either side is not safe. If there is an accident in the future because of this, who will take blame for that? We have the best engineers and experts working on a solution to benefit all, not to please a few.\"The alternative proposal says the existing flyover should be widened to six lanes without building pillars or portals along the side of the flyover to support this structure. Instead, the existing pillars and cantilevers should be strengthened, it says. Further, they have proposed that the flyover be then linked to the two more flyovers on Munirka and IIT to construct an elevated stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679182", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation halts demolition drive in Taljai", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday decided to give a break to demolition drive in Taljai and Dhankawdi area and divert attention to other areas.While speculation is rife about political pressure to curb the drive in Taljai and Dhankawdi, civic officials said the drive would be restarted immediately.The drive in Taljai and Dhankawadi is incomplete. While the PMC had slapped notices on 22 buildings, only 14 have been demolished. A group of leaders from this area, along with citizens, had met senior civic administration officials on Wednesday and complained about the drive.\"There is no political pressure. We have decided to take action in other areas as well,\" Sudhir Kadam, PMC's executive engineer (building department), said while speaking to reporters. Kadam said the civic administration \"might start\" the drive in Taljai area again on Friday.\"We will complete our targets in different areas. All the illegal buildings under construction will be demolished,\" Kadam said.The PMC began its drive on Monday, a week after an illegal building in Taljai Pathar area collapsed killing 11 people.On Monday, illegal constructions spread over about 25,000 sq ft on Satara Road were demolished and on Tuesday, the PMC razed illegal buildings spread over an area of 23,000 sq ft. The PMC on Wednesday extended its drive against illegal constructions to include Nagar Road and Gokhalenagar areas. The civic department also claimed to have demolished 18 buildings on a 30,000 sq ft area across the city on Wednesday.The PMC started the drive in Baner and Pashan on Thursday. \"As action is being taken against under construction buildings, developers are hurriedly trying to complete their constructions and hand over the buildings to the occupants. It might affect the quality of the constructions and lead to accidents. Hence, we have decided to cover more than one area at the same time,\" Kadam said.The PMC official carried out action at Pashan, Baner and Wadgaonsheri zone and demolished illegal construction spread over 28,000 sq ft, including five buildings.The demolition team comprised 100 civic officials and 100 workers, as well as 120 police personnel. As many as 12 JCBs, 10 breakers and 10 gas cutters were used.Kadam said the demolition started around 10.30am and continued till 5pm. An elected member along with the local citizens opposed the drive and created obstacles at Wadgaonsheri, but the drive was overall peaceful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678686", "title": "JCB runs over 3-year-old boy", "text": "BANGALORE: An earth-moving equipment ran over a threeyear-old child while he was sleeping at a construction site near Parappana Agrahara on Thursday afternoon. T Arjun, son of construction labourer Thimmanna, was sleeping near an under-construction building on Geddalli Road, Rayasandra, when the vehicle crushed him to death. The child's father who was working at the site, told police that he put his son to sleep on the side, when the JCB driver drove over him around 2.30pm. \"I was removing the soil to lay the building foundation. I was too shocked to move and screamed helplessly at the driver . But he couldn't hear me as the equipment was making a lot of noise,\" he told police. Police said the driver fled from the spot soon after realizing what he did. \"We are trying to locate him with the JCB owner's help. He will be caught soon. He might have escaped as many people started gathering at the spot. He would have been beaten to pulp by Thimmanna's colleagues,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16679533", "title": "Religious fervour to mark Dasara this year", "text": "Mysore: All temples in Mysore, including Chamundeshwari temple atop Chamundi Hills, will come alive this Dasara with special pujas planned on all days of the festival. District in-charge minister S A Ramdas, who held a Dasara preparatory meeting at Dasoha Bhavan atop Chamundi Hills, said the government would replace 'Grameena Dasara' with 'Religious Dasara' as per which they planned to arrange special pujas on all 10 days. \"This apart, we have planned to summon scholars in different fields from across India for a three-day convention,\" Ramdas said in the meeting, attended by deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, police commissioner K L Sudheer, MCC chief M R Ravi, ZP CEO Ajay Nagabhusan, SP R Dileep and Mayor Rajeshwari. Ramdas also released the Dasara-2012 logo on the occasion.27 sub-committees The district administration has formed 27 different sub-committees to conduct Dasara celebrations successfully. Committee members have been nominated and they have been given two days' time to prepare an action plan. Members have been asked to submit plans at a meeting scheduled on October 6.Invitation to HIV, physically challenged kids \"We are inviting 1,500 children living with HIV and physically challenged children to the festival. On October 23, all Dasara sub-committee members will interact with them,\" Ramdas said.Online quiz An on-line quiz competition will be organized as part of the Dasara celebrations and the winner will be felicitated. Registration is open from October 8 to 13 and the quiz will be conducted on October 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679501", "title": "Krishi Mahithi Andolana to be held on Monday", "text": "Mangalore: Because of shortage of labourers and increasing expenses of agricultural activities farmers are flocking to urban areas in search of jobs, said P Mohan, joint director of the department of agriculture, Dakshina Kannada district here on Thursday. He was briefing reporters about Krishi Mahithi Andolana (KMA) and a convention of organic growers, which has been organized by the district administration in association with the zilla panchayat and agricultural department at Fisheries College auditorium in Kankanady at 10am on October 8. Mohan said there is a need for awareness among farmers to increase the yield of grains. \"For instance a few years ago paddy was grown in about 40,000 hectares of land. But today it has come down to 31,000 hectares of land in DK district. As part of KMA, a seminar has been organized for farmers, where agricultural scientists will teach farmers about organic farming and scientific techniques to increase the yield,\" he said. The mega agricultural event has been organized in district, taluk, and hobli levels. Various organic products and agriculture equipment will be exhibited at KMA and to provide necessary information about agriculture, three four-wheelers decked up with agriculture related posters and tabloids will travel along all important roads of the city. Minister for higher education and Dakshina Kannada district in-charge CT Ravi will inaugurate KMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677022", "title": "Electioneering gains momentum in colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Campaigning for October 19 student union election in city campuses has gained momentum with candidates stepping up classroom canvassing and corner meetings. Student leaders are reaching out to their voters through Facebook, Tweeter and SMS as well.\"We are trying to get in touch with every single student before filing nomination papers,\" said Amit Jena, a presidential candidate at BJB Autonomous College where elections were not held last year because of pre-poll violence. Candidates across all colleges and universities are scheduled to file nominations on October 12.\"Besides meeting students after their classes and passing on pushing cards to them, we are constantly updating Facebook with relevant election issues and are visiting the guardians for their blessings,\" said Jena.Most student leaders in BJB College are raising the issue of gross faculty shortage in the college this time. Issues such as holding degree examination and taking out results on time, shortage of hostel accommodation are other prominent issues. Timely examination and results besides faculty shortage are also issues raised by leaders in RD Women's College here.Though the Lyngdoh panel has set Rs 5,000 limit for student candidates in campus polls and bans using printed material and vehicles in the college elections, the expenditure seems far more with student leaders in most city campuses distributing gift items and chocolates to their prospective voters.\"The Rs 5,000 cap on election expenditure is impossible. But I am trying to cut down the expenses as far as possible,\" said Dibysundar Swain, a presidential nominee in Maharshi College, which is going to polls after a gap of two years.Student leaders in Maharshi College are raising issues of increase in honours seat, establishment of a college canteen, creation of playground and parking lots in the college.Leaders across colleges are praying for peaceful elections this year. \"Any pre-poll violence means the authorities may suspend the election this time as well. So we are trying our best to conduct the poll process peacefully,\" said presidential aspirant of a city-based college.As reported earlier, Utkal University has decided not to conduct students' poll this year in view of the violence on the campus. \"We have already announced not to conduct the polls this time because of the violence in July. With the Wednesday incident, we would stick not to review the decision and instead stick to no election this time,\" said varsity's PG Council chairman P K Mishra. Previous enmity had led to violence between two groups of students in Utkal University on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679217", "title": "Special buses for women, students flagged off", "text": "PUNE: Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan and PMPML director Prashant Jagtap on Thursday flagged off the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd's special buse services for women and students, from the Swargate bus depot.The buses will run on three routes \u2014 Swargate-Hadapsar, Swargate-Dhayari and Katraj-Shivajinagar. The buses will run every 45 minutes.For the first time, the PMPML has recruited women conductors who will issue tickets in the special buses. The bus conductors - Neelam Shendge, Kavita Dhadge, Rupali Mate, Sulochana More and Trupti Pathak \u2014 said they received training for three months.PMPML director Prashant Jagtap said the women's special buses will be inaugurated on two new routes --from Nigdi to Pune Station and Nigdi to Swargate -- next week. The number of routes on which the buses will run will gradually be increased to 100, he said.Earlier, in May 2008, the PMPML had started special bus services for women on three routes. These buses were discontinued due to poor response. Officials hope that the service this time will receive a good response.The PMPML incidentally is facing severe shortage of buses to cater to the demands of the citizens in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and fringe areas. Bus commuters have been facing severe hardships and inconvenience due to overcrowded buses, poor frequency, and frequent mechanical breakdowns of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16678068", "title": "Solanki demands 25 tickets for Kolis", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: State fisheries minister Purshottam Solanki is learnt to have demanded that between 21 and 25 BJP tickets in the Saurashtra-Kutch region and Ahmedabad district be given to the numerically-strong Koli community, to which he belongs. Solanki called a well-attended meeting of about 300-odd Koli leaders at his residence in Sector 20 in Gandhinagar on Thursday.It was suggested there that without Koli support in the region, the BJP just cannot hope to win the forthcoming state assembly elections, especially because Saurashtra is the party's weakest spot.Solanki, who has been named for his involvement in the alleged Rs 400-crore fisheries contract scam, assured community leaders that he would get \"full justice\" for the Koli community. \"Solanki's name is being dragged into controversy by the Congress. This is an effort to tarnish the community,\" speaker after speaker told the gathering, chaired by Solanki. The meeting decided to hold a mass rally by the community at Rajkot, some time in the second week of October.Interestingly, among the seats demanded by the community is Botad in Bhavnagar district, from where minister of state for energy Saurabh Patel, who is said to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi , hails. \"More than 60% of the electorate there are Kolis. A relative of Congress leader Kunvarji Bavalia, MP, who is a Koli, is slated to contest from Botad. Patel simply cannot win,\" a participant declared to the cheering crowd.He later told TOI, \"We have not put forward any demand for the South Gujarat region for the community, where Solanki's influence is limited.\"The list prepared at the meeting suggests that Solanki has demanded four seats each in Ahmedabad, Junagadh and Bhavnagar districts, two seats each in Surendranagar and Amreli districts, and one seat, Rapar, in Kutch district.\"This is our minimum demand. This is against eight seats of the region that were given to us in the past assembly polls. The seats that we are demanding are all Koli majority seats. In our estimate, there are 44 per cent Kolis in the region,\" a senior participant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16677730", "title": "All puja pandals told to install CCTV cameras", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Unlike previous years, the East Singhbhum district administration is planning to install comprehensive security measures during pujas. A slew of measures announced by the administration as part of the security arrangements indicate towards a relatively tough posture of the administration vis-a-vis safety during Durga Puja.The authorities have asked all puja organizing committees to install close-circuit television (CCTV) cameras in their respective pandals. The administration has made it clear that laxity in installation of CCTVs will invite penal action. \"There's no question of any excuse and CCTV cameras have to be installed at all pandals,\" said Subodh Kumar, Dhalbhum sub-divisional officer, in a meeting with Kendriya Durga Puja Committee (KDPC), the apex body of the 250-odd puja committees.Earlier, only prominent pandals that drew massive crowds were asked to install CCTV, but now otherwise modest puja committees have been ordered to install these cameras. \"Puja committees with modest budget tend to avoid spending on high-end gadgets. However, now with administration making it compulsory we will convince the committees to install the cameras,\" said KDPC senior functionary, Rambabu Singh.According to sources, puja committees will have to spend between Rs10,000 to Rs 50,000 to installing the cameras. \"Owing to insufficient funds, we have planned to hire the cameras from retailers,\" said a functionary of the Kadma Allied Puja Committee.The administration has also made it clear that the onus of crowd management will be on volunteers of local committees. \"The strength of the police personnel in the district is thin and we have to have a strategy in place so that police presence is noticeable everywhere,\" said a senior police officer. He added that volunteers and peace committee members at the thana level will be deployed for crowd control duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16681133", "title": "Anti-nuclear activists seek support of Mamata Banerjee", "text": "CHENNAI: After launching a series of agitational programmes against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project, anti-nuclear activists have now sought the support of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , saying she took \"bold and courageous stand\" against the Haripur nuclear project in her state.\"After all, you are the only leader who has taken a bold and courageous stand against the Haripur nuclear project in Purba Medhinipur district in West Bengal,\" People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), sprearheading the stir said in a letter to Banerjee.The letter signed by S P Udayakumar, who is leading the stir, and three others said that to save the people, the country needed the intervention of \"thoughtful, caring and creative leaders such as yourself\" and requested Banerjee to visit Idinthakarai, the focal point of their stir.Noting that Banerjee fought for the people at Nandigram and Singur and \"people all over India are thankful for your stand against FDI in retail sector,\", PMANE welcomed her recent statement \"I will go everywhere in India to protect the Indian business, the farmers, the labourers and the people of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678195", "title": "The secret of Dior fragrances: Madurai malli", "text": "CHENNAI: The flower market of Madurai is a crowded, busy place. But for the nose of Dior, Francois Demachy, it is a 'smell bank' . It is the place the perfumer creator of French fashion house Christian Dior visits every year to imbibe the fragrances that help him create the floral perfumes that Dior is renowned for.Dior uses extracts of jasmine sambac and tuberose sourced from Tamil Nadu, along with other raw materials , for J'adore , one of the top selling fragrances in the world. \"Jasmine sambac is used in all J'adore fragrances due to its olfactory qualities,\" says Demachy, who was in Madurai recently. \"For me, it is a very strong and unique ingredient , and I link its uniqueness to Indian soils.\"That is why he has been making a yearly trip to Tamil Nadu for the last eight years. For him, it is essential to see the flower grow. \"It is very important to feel the flower and see it in the ground, see the people who grow it and keep it in your mind like a bank,\" says Demachy, who is usually off to the fields by the crack of dawn. \"Later on, the fragrance reminds you of the whole experience .\" And he draws on that to help improve the quality of the perfume.When Demachy joined Dior after 28 years with Chanel , J'adore was already their best selling perfume. \"But I used jasmine sambac as a key ingredient for different versions , like J'adore L'Absolu , J'adore L'Or and J'adore Eau de Toilette,\" says the perfumer , who is from Grasse, which is also known for its jasmine. Dior has been sourcing jasmine sambac for J'adore from the beginning. \"It is one of the main ingredients along with other key raw materials like rose damascena and ylang ylang,\" says Demachy.The fragrance of many flowers that bloom in the soil of Tamil Nadu also permeate the House of Dior. \"We use jasmine sambac and jasmine grandiflorum from Tamil Nadu as well as tuberose for J'adore Eau De Parfum, Poison, New Look from La Collection Privee CD and Escale a Pondichery ,\" says Demachy.What Dior sources are floral extracts. \"The aromatic material obtained from the flower by using a solvent (for example, food grade hexane) is called concrete. Waxes that are present in it are then separated from the aromatic compound by using ethanol and what you get is called the absolute . We supply both,\" says Raja Palaniswamy, director of Jasmine CE Pvt Ltd, which has been supplying Dior with jasmine grandiflorum, sambac and tuberose extracts since 2007.\"We are completely aware of their quality specifications, and products are supplied accordingly . We also hold stocks for them, and supplies are made just in time for their production ,\" says Palaniswamy. His company owns small fields close to Coimbatore, where the flowers are grown organically.\"Francois enjoys visiting the fields and interacting directly with farmers. He wants to work with people at the ground to ensure traceability, quality and sustainability,\" says Palaniswamy.Meeting producers of raw materials helps Demachy use the best natural ingredients in the fragrances. And that's important as Dior's signature perfumes are floral fragrances. \"Christian Dior loved flowers, so most of the range is floral. We try to keep this love of flowers in each of our products as it is the signature of Christian Dior,\" says Demachy.As far as jasmine is concerned, it has been a regular love affair. \"It is a love story between Dior and this flower and we use it in many fragrances like Miss Dior and La Collection Privee Christian Dior,\" says Demachy.The master perfumer is already working on his new line that will hit the market in September 2013. \"It takes around two years to create a perfume,\" he says. \"If I want to make a floral perfume, then I start blending various ingredients.\" For him, it is almost like cooking. \"You go by nose, experience and, sometimes, luck,\" he says. \"Perfumers are only interpreters or translators. We know the language of smell, which we translate into a smell.\" But if you want a whiff of the next line, he is not telling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678389", "title": "CSIR panel to study occurrence of fire accidents", "text": "MADURAI: A committee from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) will visit Sivakasi on October 10 to examine the reasons of accidents in fireworks units and suggest suitable safety measures there. The committee is visiting Sivakasi, the hub of fireworks industry, after the fateful accident at a fireworks unit in Mudalipatti, which claimed 39 lives.According to an official statement from the planning and performance division of CSIR, a committee has been constituted which will be headed by M O Garg, director, CSIR - IIP , Dehradun. The terms of reference of the committee are described as to visit Sivakasi and to get first-hand information on the incident, to examine the reason for the fire accident. It will also suggest measures that can be put in place for avoidance of such incidents in the future and to suggest specific involvement of CSIR laboratories, which can provide scientific intervention to the cracker micro, small and medium enterprises cluster.Virudhunagar MP, Manick Tagore said that the committee will be visiting Sivakasi on October 10 and 11. After the Mudalipatti incident, he had taken it up with the Prime Minister to look into the issue. He later met Union minister of science and technology, Ashwini Kumar who had ordered for a committee.\"The team consists of renowned chemical experts from CSIR and they will be looking at the accident and other aspects of the fireworks industry to propose improvement and safety of the industry. Initially, two members from the team will be visiting Sivakasi where they will be interacting with the local people and officials. The entire team will come to Sivakasi the following week to conduct a thorough study on the incident,\" Tagore said. The attempt is made for the first time with the objective of safety to lives and livelihood of the local people in Sivakasi, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16678540", "title": "Siddaramaiah faces protesters\u2019 wrath", "text": "MANDYA: After JD(S) MP N Cheluvarayaswamy on Thursday, it was the turn of Congress leaders, including opposition leader Siddaramaiah (in pic), to taste the wrath of the Mandya farmers on Thursday. Flanked by hundreds of farmers, Cauvery Protection Committee chief and former MP G Made Gowda was staging a hunger strike at the Silver Jubilee Park. Trouble started when the Congress leaders Siddaramaiah, V Srinivasa Prasad, H Vishwanath , HC Mahadevappa and HS Mahadev Prasad came in a procession to meet and express solidarity with the agitators. The crowd began shouting slogans against the Congress leaders and prevented them from speaking. \"You have let us down,'' was the chorus. Even Made Gowda's appeal to maintain calm went in vain. Sensing that the situation was going out of control, the committee leaders asked the Congress leaders to vacate the venue. Later, Made Gowda telephoned Siddaramaiah and apologized for the unruly behaviour of the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679176", "title": "Anna meets more activists", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Thursday held discussions with Pune-based social activist Vishwambhar Chaudhari and former IAS officer Avinash Dharmadhikari at his native place Ralegan Siddhi about the formation of a new team of activists and the future course of his anti-corruption movement.After the meeting, Chaudhari told TOI that preliminary discussions were held as to how to take forward the anti-corruption movement in apolitical way and educate the masses about it.Earlier this week, Hazare had met activists and retired bureaucrats and army officers in Delhi to seek the opinion on the same. All these people had expressed willingness to join Hazare's movement. Last month, Hazare had met several activists in Pune. Before the meeting, he had said there was a difference between him and Arvind Kejriwal as the latter wanted to consider the option of joining politics.\"After announcing disbanding of Team Anna, the Gandhian wants to take forward his anti-corruption movement in apolitical way, which is why he is holding discussions with people from various sections of society. During Thursday's meeting, we discussed what could be a baseline and structure of the future movement. Anna also shared his thoughts on establishing communication with masses and engaging more people\", said Chaudhari.Chaudhari said no specific plan regarding the future course of action was finalized during the discussion. However, almost everybody said awakening people on the issue of corruption could be one of the prime factors. \"The movement is being restructured. Hence it will take some more time to finalize an action plan. Anna is hearing various ideas of people, which is an important aspect of the movement. The discussions so far have been positive. Anna will continue talking to people\", said Chaudhari.Dharmadhikari said discussions were held on formation of a new team and future course of action regarding the anti-corruption movement.Close associates of Hazare in Ralegan Siddhi said Hazare was scrutinizing the letters received from people who have shown willingness to join the anti-graft movement. Hazare himself would define the role of every person. For this, he is planning to hold training workshops at Ralegan Siddhi and Delhi. Hazare has said he would conduct a tour in the state and then across the country to create awareness among people about the anti-graft movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677309", "title": "New Civil defence dept inaugurated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The newly-constructed office of Civil defence department near the Collectorate was inaugurated on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti in the presence of divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi and district magistrate (DM) Rajshekhar and other distinguished persons by planting a sapling.The officials planted around 50 saplings and asked the officials to send a proposal for setting up a control room inside the premises. On this occasion chief warden, Anil Kumar presented bouquets to the chief guest.Meanwhile post warden Rajendra Tiwari Dukanji informed that artists of Patharchatti Ramlila committee would be taking part in a massive awareness campaign urging devotees to refrain from using polythene during Mahakumbh 2012-13.Activists would fan out in the Mela area in order to make a Green and Clean Kumbh which is free from pollution. Artists would visit every house in their respective locality and request the owner to provide two cotton bags each which in turn would be handed over to pilgrims and devotees visiting Kumbh Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16676434", "title": "Governor upgrades to a BMW, govt foots 40L bill", "text": "KOLKATA: After chief minister Mamata Banerjee replaced her entry-level hatch Hyundai Santro with a slightly more premium hatch i-10 of the same Korean make, governor MK Narayanan recently stepped up the comfort quotient while on the move. The first citizen of the state discarded the eight-year-old premium car Toyota Camry few weeks back and switched to BMW 5-Series , a mid-line luxury saloon.While Mamata's car costs around Rs 4 lakh, Narayanan's saloon is 10 times as expensive and more than twice the price of a new Camry. The cash-strapped government acceded to Raj Bhavan's request after clearance from the state home and finance departments.Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh also uses BMW. But the two official vehicles are armored 7-Series high-security saloons. While Singh travels in one, the other acts as a decoy.Raj Bhavan decided to purchase a new car after the eight-year-old Camry developed snags that led to prolonged trips to the workshop. The car had been purchased during the tenure of former governor Viren J Shah in 2004 after the latter upgraded from the Mitsubishi Lancer .The new 520d BMW - powered by a two-litre diesel engine - is not only more luxurious and spacious than Camry, it is also more comfortable and powerful. According to sources, the governor and his wife Padmini Narayanan's primary requirement was rear seat travel comfort and BMW edged out the German rivals on that count.While Narayanan could have found the rear seat of all cars in that class-BMW 5-Series, Mercedes E-Class and Audi A6-luxuriant and comfortable, he needed to factor in his secretary, who is well over 6-feet tall.\"The challenge was to find a car that offered adequate leg room after Chandan Sinha sat in the front seat next to the driver. The rear seat leg room of E-Class proved to be less than the BMW 5-Series. Moreover, the former's seat position was low,\" a source said.The BMW 5-Series's wheelbase of 2,968 mm-the largest in its segment-proved to be the clincher. The vehicle's eight-speed transmission also makes it one of the best cruisers in its class, something that the security staff was glad to learn.Though the 7-Series was suggested to Narayanan, the latter did not opt for it as its price tag of Rs 90 lakh was considered too ostentatious for a government that is supposed to practice austerity. Auto, industry experts said the cabin of the new BMW 520d is similar to the 7-Series as is the instrument cluster.\"The in-cabin quality is very high, much higher than the earlier 5-Series. The switches and knobs are classy. The new 5-Series has one of the largest cabin area and maximum leg space at the rear, thanks to the extended wheelbase and overall size,\" he said.Satisfied with the test ride in mid-June, the governor's secretariat sent a proposal to the home department that deals with matters relating to Raj Bhavan. The department cleared the proposal and sent the file to the state finance department. The CM was also kept in the loop as it was a high-ticket purchase.Sources said the file was expeditiously cleared and order for the Rs 40.60 lakh car was placed in the beginning of June. The governor's car does not require registration or payment of road tax. Only a token insurance of Re 1 had to be paid before the Metallaic Havana coloured glistening saloon rolled off the showroom and into Raj Bhavan in July-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677522", "title": "Science paper presentations", "text": "NAGPUR: To mark the centenary year of Indian Science Congress, the city chapter of the Congress has organized paper presentations on researches that satisfy the theme of the celebrations - science for shaping the future of India. These presentations would be arranged at the various departments of Nagpur University.The first two of these events will be on biochemisty and microbiology to be held on October 6 and 13 respectively. \"We will be arranging young scientists meet at various departments of the University. Students and young researchers can present their researches and papers there,\" said KR Nagraj, convener of ISCA, Nagpur. Those interested in participating can submit papers to alka.chaturvedi@gmail.com, nagarajkalyanadurgam@yahoo.com or sciencecongressnagpur@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16679500", "title": "Mob at Army rally goes on the rampage in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Over 6,000 youths, who had flocked to Alwar town for taking part in an Army recruitment drive, went on the rampage for four hours on Wednesday night. They damaged public properties, robbed shops and pelted stones at the police and vehicles. Though the police lathicharged them, the rampage continued till 4 am on Thursday. This is second serious law and order situation reported at an Army recruitment camp within five months. In May, over 10,000 candidates went on the rampage in Govindgarh town destroying public property, torched a train's engine, three buses, a truck and three motorcycles and even barged into local houses and misbehaved with women. According to the police, an Army recruitment test is being conducted at Alwar's Indira Gandhi Stadium. The drive went on peacefully till Wednesday night. However, 6,000 candidates who had gathered for appearing in tests on Thursday went berserk. While most of them were unhappy with the lack of arrangements on part of the district administration , others just joined the hullaballoo for fun. \"Tokens were provided to these 6,000 candidates till Wednesday evening. Around midnight, they split into small groups and started the rampage,\" said a police officer. The officer added that the youths first smashed the street lights on the roads leading to the stadium and then started pelting stones on the vehicles passing by. The candidates then gathered at the local municipal office where they first ransacked the toilets and then tried to set them on fire. However, a team of police arrived there following which the youths fled. Agitating youths steal sports equipmentAlwar: Another group of youths reached the local government college and destroyed properties at its sports complex . They also robbed several sports equipment. The records kept at the sports complex were also destroyed. They then broke open locks of over a dozen rooms and damaged doors and windows. According to college administration , a women's interstate sports tournament was to take place on October 7. Now, it would be an uphill task for the college to organize the event. Some groups uprooted the sign boards put up on the roadside and damaged road dividers. They also barged into the Nehru Garden premises and destroyed lights there. They also entered several shops which were opened near the railway station and bus stand and robbed food and other items from there. Officials said that police resorted to lathicharge at several places to disperse the mobs. SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta said that several students have been rounded up. \"We had conducted the videography of the candidates involved in the rampage . We are trying to identify them on the basis of footages. They will also be arrested,\" said the officer. He added that heavy security arrangements were put in place on Thursday , so that no untoward incident is reported .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679034", "title": "Two killed in 10 minutes at Palghar station", "text": "MUMBAI: Tragedy stuck twice at the Palghar railway station on Thursday when two persons were killed on the tracks within a few minutes of each other.Noman Shaikh (26) was waiting on platform number three for the Surat-Mumbai Central Flying Rani Express around 8am. As the train pulled into the platform, Shaikh tried to hold on to a handle on one of the coaches but lost his grip and fell on the tracks. He missed the handle, lost his grip and fell onto the tracks.Shaikh, who worked for a real estate firm in Jogeshwari, , who worked for a real estate firm in Jogeshwari, got dragged by the train for some distance, eyewitnesses said. and his body landed at the south end of the platform.A resident of Shirgaon in Palghar, Shaikh worked for a real estate firm in Jogeshwari and was a regular passenger on the Flying Rani. He had got married in February this year.After Shaikh's body was removed, the Flying Rani was moved to the siding platform to let the Delhi-Mumbai August Kranti Rajdhani Express pass. That's when Alpesh Mhaskar (17), a Class X student of Jeevan Vikas School, Palghar, decided to cross the tracks near the Navli crossing. A resident of DungipadaHe was hit by the Rajdhani Express, which was gathering speed, and died on the spot.Eyewitnesses said that the boy was warned by the people waiting for the Rajdhani to pass. The boy, however, proceeded to cross as he was getting late for his tuitions.The Palghar railway police registered accidental death cases and handed over the bodies to the families of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676009", "title": "Cabinet OKs 1st phase of PDS computerization", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet committee on economic affairs on Thursday approved the first phase of the end-to-end computerization of Targeted Public Distribution System that will cost the Centre and states about Rs 884 crore with the Centre bearing half the cost.This will kickstart the process of integration of Aadhar into the PDS system, which the government believes will improve targeting of the subsidized grains and reduce leaks. The digitization of records of beneficiaries will help in weeding out fake ration cards and better targeting of subsidies, the government said in a release after the CCEA meeting, \"With computerization, the movement of foodgrains upto Fair Price Shop level can be tracked and the problem of leakage and diversion can be addressed\".Along with the scheme that has already been implemented in some states, SMSs, e-mails, toll-free numbers will be used to track movement and availability of the subsidized rations to bring in transparency. The UPA also revived the distribution of subsidized pulses to those below the poverty line through the PDS network with the CCEA approving a variant of the scheme abandoned in 2008. A subsidy of Rs 20 per kg would be paid to designated importing agencies to a maximum number of BPL cardholders.The scheme is intended to tide over any possible surge in prices of pulses. The importing government-owned agencies will enter into direct contracts with the states for supply of imported pulses to be distributed under PDS.The government also decided to extend the period of distribution of subsidized imported edible oils to September 2013 with central subsidy of Rs 15 per kg for import of up to 10 lakh tonnes of edible oils during this period. In wake of the bad monsoon this year lowering the sowing of oilseeds the government has decided to continue with the ban on edible oils' export.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678547", "title": "On-song Gupta birdies into two-stroke lead", "text": "MUMBAI: Building on his overnight joint lead, Chandigarh's Harendra Gupta carded four-under 66 at the Bombay Presidency Golf Club to grab a two-stroke advantage after the second round of the 1 crore CG Open on Thursday.Gupta, who was the No. 1 amateur in 2003 before turning pro next year, left opening round co-leader Shamim Khan behind with a birdie hat-trick from 16th hole onwards and another three on the back nine. The Gorakhpur-born golfer could have increased his lead had he not dropped bogeys on the 15th and sixth holes.Gupta, who has five domestic titles under his belt, was naturally satisfied with his effort in heavily overcast conditions that did remind of Monday's flash rains in the city.\"Today's score has given me a great launch-pad for the final two rounds. I was struggling a bit initially with the short putts but managed to turn it around on the back nine. I will try to find more greens tomorrow to improve my chances,\" said Gupta, whose only title this year came at home in June.Gupta now plans to try his luck on the Asian Tour in pursuit of earning bigger bucks.\"I will go for next year's Q-school in January to try my luck in Asia,\" said the 25-year-old, who finished second in the Digboi Championship last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16679560", "title": "Processed fish products way ahead to raise profitability", "text": "Mysore: The fish industry in India is not far away from producing value-added products and this is one of the best ways to raise profitability, suggested Kochi Central Institute of Fisheries Technology director T K Srinivasa Gopal. Value addition is an additional activity that in one way or another changes the nature of a product adding its value at the time of sale. Over the years, the demand for processed food, especially for sea food-based products in ready-to-eat form, has increased. In India, the market is already invaded by many such imported diverse products. Fish once considered a poor man's diet now has become rich man's food. With the association of health benefits, more people are being drawn to the consumption of fish.\"India does not stand behind in the production of value-added fish products. The most prominent among the group of value-added products is breaded and battered products processed out of a variety of fish and shellfish,\" he added. Commenting on the future of investment in fishery sector, Srinivasa Gopal said investment in fish processing, cold chains, handling and packaging of value-added food needed encouragement. With increasing income and population, demand for value-added food is likely to increase. It is necessary to cater to this challenging demand and at the same to enhance the income of fishers, he added. Only 10 pc of India's seafood export is in processed form. Most of the export is in frozen form, he said, speaking about the market share of value added products. Srinivasa also explained about different fish products, especially about the ready-to-serve fish products which are a recent innovation for local market. These products have shelf life of more than one year in room temperature. The technology for retort pouch processing of several varieties of ready to serve fish and fish products has been standardized at CIFT and has been transferred to four entrepreneurs in the country. Thermal processed and excellently packed products have longevity, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16679152", "title": "Yavatmal dam cost jumped by six times", "text": "The cost of Lower Penganga, a major irrigation project in Yavatmal district, was increased from Rs 1,402 crore to an astronomical Rs 9,027 crore three years ago.On August 14, 2009, the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) gave a revised administrative approval to the project, which was subsequently signed by the then water resources minister Ajit Pawar. The decision was taken barely a few weeks before the election code of conduct came into force in the state.However, the mega contract was cancelled following uproar in the state assembly during last year's winter session. Opposition leaders blasted the government for awarding irrigation project tenders at exorbitant rates, after which the incumbent water resources minister Sunil Tatkare announced that such tenders would be cancelled. Yet, almost a year later, it is learnt, the contractors who bagged the work refused to take back their security deposits. The water resources department was forced to return their deposits last month.Documents accessed by TOI show that the signatures of the water department secretary and superintending engineer were not taken when the administrative approval was given in 2009 and the cost raised more than six times from Rs 1,402 crore (determined in 1997). Their signatures are mandatory as per the VIDC Act. Moreover, the proposal was not placed before the governing council of VIDC for approval. The council comprises half a dozen senior bureaucrats, including the state chief secretary. Ajit Pawar recently argued that he rushed irrigation projects under the directions of the Maharashtra governor, who wanted schemes in Vidarbha speeded up.Tenders for the Lower Penganga project were awarded to six elite contractors two days before the project was given a revised approval. \"It raises suspicion on how such large contracts are given before the revision of the cost is green-lighted,\" said a government official.Official documents reveal that tenders worth Rs 3,210 crore were awarded to the six contractors. They were companies related to BJP Rajya Sabha member Ajay Sancheti and NCP MLC Sandeep Bajoria as well as Soma Enterprises (Avinash Bhosale), F A Enterprises, Manisha Enterprises (controlled by NCP MLC Satish Chauhan) and RNNS-DNCC.The state-appointed Vadnare committee noted that the Lower Penganga tenders were awarded at exorbitant rates and were beyond the scope of official norms. Documents approving these tenders bear the signature of Pawar and VIDC's then executive director D P Shirke.VIDC justified the increase on seven grounds as it showed taxes and insurance in the overall cost. But the Vadnare committee, headed by retired bureaucrat Nand Kumar Vadnare, debunked the corporation's response, stating these added costs do not fit into the norms.Last month, Pawar said the Lower Penganga project may get national project status. \"The state is making all efforts to get a national project status for it from the central government. And if need be, we will take the help of office of Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar ,\" the then deputy CM said.The Lower Penganga project was among the 32 irrigation projects that received administrative approvals within a short period of three months (between June and August 2009). VIDC has officially admitted that these approvals were collectively worth Rs 17,700 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681189", "title": "Gazab Seeti Maare Saiyaan Pichwade releases", "text": "Made under Shree Padmavati Pictures and Entertainment , action and comedy film 'Gazab Seeti Maare Saiyaan Pichwade' is releasing today. Film is produced by Anil Sinkar. Sudeep Pandey, Manoj Dwivedi, Suprena Singh, Monica Singh and many other big names of the industry are a part of this movie.The film revolves around the relationship between two brothers and is directed by Baljit Singh.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677332", "title": "Man arrested for selling mortgaged companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man allegedly involved in selling his mortgaged companies to others without informing about liabilities was arrested from Andrews Ganj on Tuesday. Sunder Lal Maloo, a commerce graduate from Bikaner, was wanted in a number of cheating cases, Sanjeev Yadav, deputy commissioner of police (Special Cell), said.\"We came to know that he has hideouts in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana and Delhi. We got a tip off and arrested him,\" he said. He had allegedly sold his company 'Universal Finance Traders' to a Delhi businessman in 2007. As per the agreement, all the movable and immovable properties of this company were free from mortgage. \"When the new directors of the company applied for a transfer of the flat in a commercial building at Tolstoy Marg, they came to know that this property is already under litigation,\" Yadav said.Earlier in 2005, Yadav said, Maloo had made an agreement to sell his company's property Ajay Roadways Pvt Ltd to a businessman for Rs 12 crore and took an advance Rs 12 lakh. Later the he came to know that Maloo had sold the property to another person. \"When the businessman followed up with Maloo for accepting the balance amount he sought time on one or other pretext,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679231", "title": "Consumers complain about non-delivery of LPG cylinders", "text": "PUNE: The district administration's helpline has received several complaints from citizens about lapses in the distribution of domestic LPG cylinders.Though distributors had said they would continue with home delivery of cylinders, about 29 complaints have been registered in the last 10 days via the helpline, mostly pertaining to delays and non-delivery of cylinders at home.LPG distributors had threatened to stop home delivery of LPG cylinders from October 1 as they had not received any clarification from the Union government about revised norms for distribution of cylinders that came into effect in September.The distributors were seeking clarification on maintaining data of delivery of subsidized and non-subsidized cylinders.\"We have asked the distributors in the city not to stop home delivery of cylinders. We have got updates that consumers in some specific areas faced problems. We will look into the issue and will initiate steps as soon as possible,\" said Vijay Bhave of the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation.The district administration's helpline registered 29 complaints since September 25 regarding poor cylinder distribution. An official from the food grain distribution office told TOI that steps were being taken to address the complaints.Distributors said they had received an update that the price of the non-subsidized cylinders would undergo revision every month. Oil companies would announce the price for the month, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677348", "title": "Ram Barat to be taken out on October 15", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Ram Barat procession of Daraganj Ramleela Committee will be taken out on October 15. As per the plan of the Daraganj Ramleela Committee, 'Mukat pujan' will be held on October 11 while Hanuman Dal will be taken out on October 21. The programme will culminate on October 29 with the staging of Bharat Milap. Spokesperson of Daraganj Ramleela Committee Dharamraj Pandey said the programmes will be organized in accordance with the tradition of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678978", "title": "NRI man usurps son\u2019s property, booked", "text": "LUDHIANA: An NRI man has been booked for grabbing property of his son, also an NRI, by using a fake power of attorney. A case has been registered against Kuldeep Singh alias Maharaj Dyal Singh, who belongs to Panglian village in Sahnewal area, and is a Canadian citizen. His son Inderjeet Singh, who is also in Canada, had lodged a complaint at the NRI police station in Ludhiana.He had alleged that his grandfather Hardyal Singh had transferred all his property to the names of his grandsons in 2010. SHO Gopal Krishan said Hardyal Singh is survived by his wife Mohinder Kaur, 95. He said Kuldeep Singh prepared a fake power of attorney from Mohinder Kaur's name. Gopal Krishan said Kuldeep had broken into the house owned by Inderjeet Singh and had rented it out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16681650", "title": "Shame to call militants martyrs: Blue Star hero", "text": "MUMBAI: Lt-Gen (retd) K S Brar, who led Operation Blue Star against Khalistani militants in Amritsar's Golden Temple in 1984, has refused to move out of Mumbai. \"I am residing in the most secure environment provided by the army. It's because of this protection that no one has been able to attack me,\" the general told TOI on Thursday.Brar was visiting his daughter and was walking back to his hotel in Mayfair in central London with his wife Meena around 10pm when four men attacked him. Though Brar put up a fight, he was struck on the neck and face by the attackers who fled when his wife raised an alarm. The couple had just come to London after spending a week in France.Incidentally, the Centre had sought to downgrade the high-security cover provided to Brar after the Intelligence Bureau concluded there was no threat to his safety. The decision was later revoked. Intelligence officials said the decision to provide security is based on ongoing threat appraisals every year. \"There were periodic warnings about threats to Brar,\" a senior officer said, \"That is which is why he received protection. But, most of it was generic hate mail.\" Brar said that the threats haven't stopped in the past 28 years. \"The internet is full of them saying I should be killed, all which I have passed on to the local military authorities. I am now reading news reports that the IB had information of plans by some Khalistani sympathizers in Germany to attack me on June 6, a day they celebrate as Ghalu Ghara Day or Martyrdom Day. What security measures did the Centre take for 3 months till Sunday when I was attacked?\" he asked.\"I had informed the Army authorities. It is for them to go through the top Army channels and then go either to the home, defence or external affairs ministry. As per rules, the onus is on them to decide whether security has to be provided to me abroad. I don't expect anything. I just live my life,\" he said. Criticizing the building of a monument inside the Golden Temple in the name of those who died in Operation Blue Star, he said: \"Are they martyrs? I call them murderers, criminals, terrorists. Top politicians of the Akali Dal and the chief minister are attending these functions. The Centre says it cannot intervene because this is a state subject. What state subject? If it affects national security and unity, then it's no longer a state subject. The Centre has to step in and stop it. Otherwise, we will go back to the early 1980s.\"Similarly, the two assassins of General A S Vaidya, then Chief of Army Staff, in August 1986, are hailed as martyrs by the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee, and some Sikh politicians of the religious right. H S Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha were hanged in 1992. On the other hand, no monuments are being built for soldiers who went beyond their call of duty to protect national integrity, said the general.Lt-Gen K Sundarji, who was head of the Western Army Command during Operation Blue Star, died of natural causes in 1999. Sundarji's Chief Staff Officer at the time of the operation, Lt Gen R S Dayal, lived under army protection in Himachal Pradesh till his death of natural causes in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16677433", "title": "17-year-tortured, hanged to death for cell 'theft'", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 17-year-old boy was allegedly kidnapped, tortured and hanged to death by nine men and women who accused him of stealing a mobile phone in Ghaziabad on Thursday. According to the police, the victim had first been dragged from his residence in Wasimpur Phase I on Thursday morning and then tortured and killed.The victim's distraught mother, Sunaina Jha, told police that her son was dragged away from their house at 8.30am. He was allegedly taken to an Arun Enclave house of one of the kidnappers, Naeem, who had accused the boy of stealing his phone from his residence. Sunaina said, \"He was a good boy and could not have stolen anything. They brutally murdered my son after torturing him.\"\"We were alerted about the murder by one of Naeem's neighbours. When Sunaina reached the house, she found her son with his legs tied together, hanging from the ventilator in the bathroom,\" said a senior police officer.The police said Sunaina has identified the other abductors as Naeem's wife Kousar, Shafeeque, Zahid, Shahbuddin, Ashima, Dillu, Sajid and Sachin. \"It is still unclear as to whether the mobile phone was stolen or not and we will need to investigate the matter further,\" said a senior police officer.Police said the abductors denied killing the boy and that he had, in fact, committed suicide. \"The accused have claimed that the boy hanged himself,\" said a senior police officer. \"There were many wounds on the victim's body. Moreover, he was hung from the ventilator and his feet were touching the ground. At this stage, a suicide looks highly unlikely but we need to investigate,\" added the officer.Superintendent of Police Jagdish Sharma said four people had been arrested for the crime and a hunt has been launched for the others. \"We are still on the lookout for the other accused. A case has been registered,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16677689", "title": "Dead pay income tax in India, RTI query finds", "text": "MUMBAI: Delhi resident Madan Kumari Jain is a conscientious citizen. She earns a steady income and pays her taxes religiously. In 2010-11, she paid Rs 2.01 lakh in tax. A year before that, she enriched the IT department by Rs 2.05 lakh. In fact she has made the exchequer richer by a million rupees in the past five years. Nothing unusual about it except for the fact that Jain died in 2007. A query under the RTI Act has revealed that many dead people continue to pay income tax in India.In Mumbai, a unit of the IT office received Rs 4.05 crore as tax from dead assessees in the past five years. In the same period, a Ranchi unit received Rs 27 lakh from seven deceased tax payers. The IT office in Allahabad has two dead taxpayers on its rolls.The IT office allows a legal heir or the executor of a will to settle tax liabilities on behalf of a deceased person, but does not place a cap on the number of years a dead person's tax file can be kept active. \"We do not have information on the system about such cases. There is no way to find the number of dead people who have filed taxes,\" said Krishna Rao, commissioner of the central processing centre of the IT department, Bangalore.The RTI query was filed by activist Rajiv Singhal, ex-president of the Bharat Merchants' Chamber, in all IT circles, in March. He received 1,150 replies, with IT officials acknowledging in most cases that they were aware of the practice , but didn't have information about taxes being paid on behalf of dead people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679465", "title": "International tag to airport likely to bring down fares", "text": "Mangalore: The declaration of Bajpe airport as International airport by the Union cabinet on Thursday logically should open up the coastal skies to multiple carriers operating to various destinations. This should cheer passengers as multiple operators will effectively bring down the prices of air fares to the Middle East sector currently monopolized by Air India Express (AIE). This may also open airlines to offer business class options for passengers, which hitherto was restricted to economy class. At present, AIE operates flights to various destinations in the Middle East like Dubai (daily), Abu Dhabi, Kuwait and Muscat (three times a week), Doha and Bahrain (once a week). A letter available with TOI, sent by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh's office to Udupi-Chikmagalur MP K Jayaprakash Hegde states that Jet Airways has already applied for grant of traffic rights for Mangalore-Dubai sector effective from winter 2012, which is October end. But a Jet Airways official was non-committal in saying that only after the proposal is considered by the ministry they could commit on operations. A Jet insider said the company's all available aircrafts were put in Bangkok, Dubai and Bahrain sectors from various destinations in India, hence winter schedule operations is highly doubtful. Meanwhile, Air India officials here welcomed the move saying that they may contemplate operating full service carriers like the wide bodied Airbus 310 on this sector. Currently, AIE's Boeing 737-800 carriers, which are operating in this sector, have a capacity for 186 and it is always full. The fare ranges from a minimum of Rs 7,000 to a maximum of Rs 13,500. The lower bucket fares are available for the first 120 seats and thereafter the fares start going up. Entry of multiple carriers can keep the fares at an affordable Rs 10,000 to Rs 11,000 for late comers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678705", "title": "UT to clear out 3 slum colonies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration has decided to clear three slum colonies in Sector 52 so that expansion plans of the third phase of the city could be carried out. A 21-day notice has been given to those living in unauthorized shanties in Pandit Colony, Mazdoor Colony and Manjit Colony by the Estate Office, following which demolition will be done.A large section of slum dwellers have already been identified under the rehabilitation programme of the administration. The decision followed a high-powered meeting on slum rehabilitation convened by UT administrator Shivraj Patil on Thursday. It was decided to provide water supply to people living in slum rehabilitation colonies even if it required installation of a new pipeline.UT adviser meets MC officers on 'walkout' issue Adviser to the UT administrator K K Sharma, on Thursday, heard grievances of senior municipal corporation officers. This development came after MC officers had staged a walkout from the monthly house meeting. They explained to the adviser that the councillors were using foul language against them and were blaming them.The adviser asked them to deal with the issue with sincerity and efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677717", "title": "Green activists protest tree felling at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital witnessed protests from environmentalist and NGOs in the city against felling of trees in the campus after a 100-year old Neem tree was cut down at the hospital, on Thursday.64 trees would be cut down as part of the plans to construct centenary block hospital building in the CMCH premises.\"While the government is emphasising on planting trees, it is unfortunate that the Neem tree as old as the hospital is being cut down by the authorities,\" said N I Jalaluddin, president, The Nature Conservation Society.He added that tenders have been given to cut at least 64 trees as part of the project to construct new blocks in the hospital.The trees have been existing there for years together and many birds and animals are living on it. It is unfortunate that the trees are cut down and many senior official who came to lay the foundation stone for the centenary building remained a mute spectators to it.\"The trees could have been translocated to another place, similar to what has been done in Tirupur district, where several huge trees were shifted by loading it on trucks.If such initiatives can be taken in Tirupur district why is a district like Coimbatore which has all the infrastructure and money to carry similar measure shying away. While development of new infrastructure for hospital is required, cutting down large trees are not a solution,\" added Jalaluddin.Citing that other districts are getting good rains, he said the environmental destruction taking place in the name development of has deteriorated the situation here and the rains have reduced here.\"If the district authorities had taken some consideration in relocating the trees, it would have been an example for other to emulate,\" said R Ravindaran, secretary, Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore.Develop the hospital but not at the cost of destructing the environment, he added. Considering that it is inside hospital it would be essential and good to have trees around, which would provide not only shade but also keep the surrounding fresh.The district should have considered some alternatives and consulted people before cutting down trees, which exists there for several years, opined Mac Mohan, an environmentalist.\"We have suggested about this to the corporation commissioner, Mayor and district collector. However there seems to be none to keep the environment green,\" he argued.It is now too late to react to the situation as the process is already through, he lamented.Meanwhile A Kannambal, executive engineer, Public Works Department, said that all the trees are being cut after taking proper permission and procedure. All varieties of trees are there in the premises and sixty four trees will be cut down.It is necessary if the planned structure has come up in the area, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "tira (gumla)", "code": "16677748", "title": "Barfi screening for disabled kids in Gumla", "text": "TIRA (GUMLA): The film 'Barfi' will soon be screened for the mute and deaf children of Deaf and Dumb School in Gumla to keep their hopes alive despite all the challenges they face in life. All preparations have been made to show the inspiring film at Tira, around 4km from the town. The initiative to arrange the show was taken by Manjunath Bhajantri, an IAS officer on probation here, after he visited the school thrice to meet the children.Bhajantri said Barfi will be inspiring for the 50 deaf and mute children, including 23 girls, studying at the residential school. \"When I visited the school some days ago, it was not being run properly due to shortage funds. I coordinated with various departments and now the funds have been made available,\" pointed out Bhajantri. He informed the school principal saying the children are very excited about seeing the movie.These students hail from almost all blocks of the district while some are residents of Lohardaga and Simdega, said principal Nand Kishore Prasad. It is run by an NGO Mukti Shansthan on behalf of the State Welfare Department. \"The students here are taught in sign language and even general teaching is provided to them so that they can lead a good life in social mainstream,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "16679009", "title": "Members Of Aastha Ladies Club spread smiles on faces of senior citizens", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Members of Aastha Ladies' Club on Thursday set out on a noble mission - to bring a smile on wrinkled faces. With their goal set, they invited inmates of a Sarabha Nagar old-age home to enjoy fun-packed hours with them at a hotel on Ferozepur Road. Not only did they entertain the elderly with their dance, songs and plays, but also shared their problems.Rama Shorie, president of the club and resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"Some of their tales moved us to tears. An elderly told us how his children were more bothered about their pets than him.\"Sandhya Singla, a resident of Haibowal, presented a dance performance highlighting the roles of a woman before and after marriage.After her performance, she said, \"I am quite happy to have entertained these special guests. There is nothing like bringing a smile on their faces. They also shared their life stories with us... some tales were very moving. They are all from good families and their children could not recognize their worth. Youths should learn to respect and love their parents even in their twilight years.\"Meenakshi Joshi, a resident of Dugri, highlighted the problems that are faced by an old man after the death of his wife. This thought-provoking performance was appreciated by one and all.After the performances, the senior citizens poured their hearts out.\"I am from a very rich family. I lost my husband a few days ago and after his demise, I landed up in the old-age home. I cannot believe that my children do not want me,\" said an old woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677985", "title": "PAC members question terms of IGI tie-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament's Public Accounts Committee on Thursday took up the federal auditor's report on the \"undue favours\" shown to the developer of Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport , with members raising questions about the terms of the public-private partnership venture.Committee members, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told TOI that some of them had objected to the decision to allow the developer to levy user fee on travellers, saying the agreement between the promoter, the GMR group, and the Airport Authority of India did not provide for Airport Development Fee.The issue was raised forcefully, particularly by BJD's Bhartruhari Mahtab, CPM's Prasanta Chatterjee and Trinamool's Sukendu Sekhar, who pointed out that the promoter was meeting 27.5% of the development cost through ADF. The said the fee had helped raise Rs 3,500 crore and saved the developer from investing its own money or borrowing from the market.They were not satisfied by the explanation given by civil aviation secretary K N Srivastava that AAI had allowed the levy of ADF. The panel is likely to take up the matter again shortly.GMR has maintained the ADF was allowed under the law and was upheld by the Supreme Court in April 2011.Some PAC members also objected to the terms of the land lease to GMR: Rs 100 per acre per annum. The government's reply that it had arrived at the estimate on the basis of what AAI was getting from the land did not satisfy members.Sources said the members also highlighted CAG's censure of the provision letting the promoter use 5% of the land for commercial purposes. The auditor had said that the land with an earning potential of over Rs 1.63 lakh crore was given to the developer at a rental of Rs 100 per acre per annum.GMR has defended the rental saying the auditor's calculation was based on the sum of revenues over 58 years, and did not take into account \"cost of interest, expenses or investments besides time value of money\". The company had said, \"Using the same method of calculation, AAI is expected to receive Rs 3 to 4 lakh crore from Delhi International Airport Limited (the joint venture between the GMR and AAI) over the entire concession period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678484", "title": "MBA, naval dock clerk arrested in SpeakAsia fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The EOW arrested two persons for their alleged involvement in the SpeakAsia scam. According to the police, the two-Saurabh Singh (26), an MBA graduate, and Suresh Kumar Padhi (35), a clerk attached to the naval dock, collected over Rs 20 crore from investors and duped them.\"The two were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till October 10,\" said the police.These arrests came after almost eight months when the police had arrested 10 accused in the fraud, wherein the number of investors is more than 24 lakh.Singh completed his MBA from Bangalore and Padhi works in Mumbai.SpeakAsia, floated in 2010, allegedly duped people by posing as a survey company. \"As per our estimate, investors lost Rs 2,276 crore in SpeakAsia schemes. SC has also allowed EOW and ED, investigating money laundering allegations, to continue with probe,\" said Rajvardhan Sinha, additional commissioner of police, EOW.Singh , who belongs to Lucknow,is proprietor of Turtle Informatics, while Padhi owns Winner Associates in Mumbai. \"Both had taken SpeakAsia franchise, collected money on behalf of the firm and deposited it in the company's account. We have come across some transactions done by those who claim to be associated with All India SpeakAsia Panelists Association. We are currently busy in collecting evidence against them,\" said B P Shelke, investigating officer. Cops said they have found that some agents' names were not mentioned in the financial transactions. \"InspiteCode words like Sakinaka, Andheri and Kalyan have been mentioned. We are probing the codes,\" the officer said. - Mateen HafeezThe Economic Offences Wing (EOW) arrested two persons-including an MBA and a clerk attached to the naval dock, for their alleged involvement in the multi-crore SpeakAsia fraud case. The two, say police, collected over Rs 20 crore from unsuspecting investors and duped them.The accused were identified as Saurabh Singh (26) and Suresh Kumar Padhi (35). \"Singh completed his MBA from Bangalore and Padhi is attached to naval dock and works in Mumbai as clerk. Both were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till October 10,\" said a police officer.These arrests came after almost eight months. Earlier, the police had arrested 10 accused in the SpeakAsia fraud, wherein the number of investors is more than 24 lakh. Last week, the Supreme Court had recalled its order allowing mediation for settling the complaints of investors who lost their money in the schemes floated by SpeakAsia. The SC in a recent order said that the complaints are criminal in nature and facts presented before it does not justify settling the disputes through mediation.SpeakAsia, floated in 2010, allegedly duped people by posing as a survey company. Investors were given usernames and passwords to be used on the company's now defunct website upon payment of Rs 11,000. Each panelist was given two surveys to complete in a week. Investors were promised Rs 52,000 if they completed 100 surveys in a year.\"As per our estimate, investors lost Rs 2,276 crore in SpeakAsia schemes. SC has also allowed EOW and Enforcement Directorate, investigating money laundering allegations, to continue with its probe,\" said Rajvardhan Sinha, additional commissioner of police, EOW.Singh, who originally belongs to Lucknow, is the proprietor of Turtle Informatics, while Padhi owned 'Winner Associates' in Mumbai. \"Both had taken franchise of SpeakAsia, collected money on behalf of the firm and deposited it in the company's account. We have come across some transactions done by those who claim to be associated with All India SpeakAsia Panelists Association. We are currently busy in collecting evidence against them,\" said B P Shelke, investigating officer. Police said they have found that some agents' names were not mentioned in the financial transactions. \"Inspite Code words like Sakinaka, Andheri or Kalyan have been mentioned. We are probing whom these coded words belong to,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678538", "title": "More schoolchildren to adopt zoo inmates", "text": "KANPUR: Following the example of 12-year-old Prachi Sharma who adopted a cockatiel with her pocket money at Kanpur zoo last month, five more schoolchildren adopted a zoo cockatiel during the ongoing wildlife week.The kids, all of whom are in the 11-13 years age bracket, include Nandini Sharma of class VII at St Mary's School, Chirag Arora of class VI at DPS Kalyanpur, Devanshu Jain of Billabong High School, and Saumya Sakhuja of class VI at Padampat Singhania Education Centre. Each of them has contributed Rs 1100 and adopted the bird for a period of one year. The schoolchildren had earlier vowed to repeat Prachi's gesture of adopting the bird, as reported by TOI in its September 30 edition. The children kept their promise and have set an example for others, especially their parents, NGOs and wildlife lovers. Praveen Rao, director, Kanpur Zoo said he was happy to note that children were learning the importance of conserving flora and fauna.The adoption scheme run by the zoo enables individuals and organisations to adopt animals inside the zoo and thereby pay for their upkeep. Adoption has emerged as an effective method to make people participate in conservation methods. Rao said people have lot of options to chose from and while an animal is usually adopted by an individual or company for a one year period, people may adopt any animal for a longer period too. He said he was expecting more adoptions during the next few days. \"I am in touch with Union Bank of India, State Bank of India and a few NGOs working for animal welfare with regard to more adoptions during the ongoing wildlife week,\" said Rao while talking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680977", "title": "Amar Blue Sunglass launched", "text": "Album called 'Amar Blue Sunglass' was launched at DKS, Kolkata by Remac Muzik . It has 7 songs, each of which are extremely different in philosophy, tune, concept, lyrics and music. The songs have an influence of hip hop, rock, folk, pop and semi classical music.The video of this album shot by Riingo has a very international, glamorous and funky look which goes with the album. The name of the album is appropriate because in real life too, Samidh is always seen donning his new blue sunglasses at all times of the day!Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ttichy", "code": "16678414", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board cracks whip on BHEL", "text": "TTICHY: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) in an attempt to extend the duration of power availability to the common man has imposed a 40% power cut on Trichy's Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) since September 28. The TNEB maintained that the decision was inevitable as it could not leave the common man without power for longer hours.However, BHEL general manager (maintenance and services) J Kannan told TOI on Thursday that the plant suffered losses to the tune of crores of rupees since the latest power cut and that he could not operate the high energy consuming main machine. \"In addition to the financial losses, I have to make changes in the shift system. As a result I would not be able to meet the delivery deadlines,\" he said from the Trichy airport as he was headed for Chennai to take up the matter with the higher officials.The TNEB had in March this year effected power holiday to small and heavy industries and at that time the BHEL was exempted from the holiday as it was after all manufacturing equipment connected with power generation. TNEB's Trichy-based chief engineer O T Annadurai said the power holiday was recently done away with, but the power cut was in force excepting to establishments such as educational institutions, all hospitals, Central and state establishments, railways stations, broadcasting stations, telephone exchanges, newspaper plants and places of worships. Meanwhile, BHEL too had been given exemption from the power cut, but it was however withdrawn from September 28 \"on orders from the higher officials\". \"The decision was taken by the higher officials in consultation with the government, and we implemented the order,\" Annadurai told TOI on Thursday.While the BHEL made a hue and cry that it was unfair to treat the heavy electrical equipment major in a shabby way, Annadurai said the company should have by now owned generators or generate energy to the tune of their own consumption and it was all due to their lack of vision if they had suffer on account of power shortage. \"A number of cement manufacturers have their own power plants and they are even selling their balance of power to TNEB, but a giant like BHEL lags behind in this regard,\" he reasoned. We are extending the power cut to all the two and three-star hotels in the region and also to small and medium industries, he said.Meanwhile, the Central politburo member and Rajya Sabha MP, T K Rangarajan batted for the small-scale industries and ancillary units dependent on BHEL that were reeling under heavy bank debts, thanks to unscheduled power shortage. \"I appeal to the Central government to bail 400 such units who were supplying equipment to BHEL, or else all our future plans with regard to power generation would go awry.\" He said the ancillary units were not able to meet their deadlines and were running huge debts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677553", "title": "Rain lashes Kolkata, spoils puja shopping plans", "text": "KOLKATA: Heavy rainfall lashed the city on Thursday, leaving parts of central Kolkata and south Kolkata waterlogged. The downpour, however, failed to lift the spirits of people. While commuters had a tough time wading through knee-deep water, puja shoppers thronging the numerous markets were left disappointed. The Met has predicted scattered rain over the next two days, further spoiling plans of shoppers.The shower not only left the major thoroughfares choked, it also delayed flights at Netaji Subash Chandra Bose International Airport.Triggered by a trough of low pressue, the downpour started at 2pm and continued for at least the next one and a half hours. By then, it had left large parts of south Kolkata namely Kalighat, Park Circus, Jodhpur Park, Ballygunge, Chelta under water.\"A trough of low pressure over South Bengal including Kolkata has caused the rain. Monsoon is still active here and we are expecting scattered rain over the next two days,\" said GC Debnath, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The city, however, witnessed uneven rain pattern, owing to the convective cloud formation. Compared to south and central Kolkata, north Kolkata received little rain. At 80 mm, Kalighat pumping station recorded the highest rainfall while the lowest was recorded at Belgachia pumping station (4mm). Ballygunge drainage pumping station recorded 78 mm rain. Jodhpur Park received 63 mm rainfall while Alipore received 46mm.The Met office said it was too early to predict if there were possibilities of rainfall during the pujas. Under normal conditions, monsoon withdraws from this region by October second week. Since pujas begin only in the third week of this month, people might enjoy a rain-free festive season.Thursday's shower, however, left puja organizers worried. \"Though the Kolkata Municipal Corporation has made arrangements for pumping out rain water, waterlogging is always a headache for puja organisers. If it keeps pouring everyday, it will create a lot of trouble for all puja organisers,\" said Bikash Chandra Majumdar of College Square Puja Committee.Aarti Manna of Lake Town frowned at the thought of rain in the next two days. \"Rain at this time of the year is so disturbing. I am planning to go out shopping for puja with my family on Saturday. Hope it does not rain on that day. I am keeping my fingers crossed,\" she said.The heavy downpour on Thursday must have come as a respite for Kolkata Police that had a tough task of controlling the protestors in Rani Rashmoni Avenue. But the sharp shower gave commuters a nightmare. Large part of the city got submerged in knee-deep water as the rain water remained accumulated for hours. Vehicles crawled in many major thoroughfares creating traffic congestion.And the prediction of rain on Friday and Saturday could dampen the spirit of many, mostly puja shoppers and puja organisers. With just about two weeks left for the festival, puja organisers have started working on war footing note on their pandals and shopping is already on the peak.\"Though Kolkata Municipal Corporation has made arrangement for pumping out rain water, water logging is always a headache for puja organisers. If is keeps pouring everyday like Thursday afternoon, it will create a lot of trouble for all puja organisers,\" said Bikash Chandra Majumdar of College Square puja Committee.Triggered by a strong trough of low pressure over south Bengal, the downpour started around 2 pm. It continued pounding the city for at least the next one and half hours. By then it had left a large part of the city under water. Areas like Kalighat, Park Circus, Jodhpur Park, Ballygunge, Chelta remained water logged for hours.\"A trough of low pressure over South Bengal including Kolkata has brought the rain. Monsoon is still active here and we are expecting scattered rain on the next two days as well,\" said GC Debnath, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.Because of the convective cloud formation, the city however saw uneven rain pattern. While parts of south and central Kolkata received heavy rainfall, the northern parts received little rain. At 80 mm, Kalighat pumping station recorded the highest rainfall while the lowest was recorded at Belgachia pumping station. Ballygunge drainage pumping station recorded 78 mm rain while it rained 63 mm and 46 mm respectiveky in Jodhpur and Alipore.\"Rain at this time of this year is so disturbing. I am planning to go out for puja shopping with my family on Saturday. Hope it does not rain on that day, keeping fingers crossed,\" said Aarti Manna of Lake Town.The downpour also delayed flight take off and landing at Netaji Subash Chandra Bose International Airport. The rain reduced the visibility and affected flight operations around 4 pm. Even as the flights that would take off waited for better visibility, arriving aircrafts around that time had to go around and make fresh approach for touchdown.Though the Met office said that it is too early to predict rain during the Durga puja festival, it all probability rain will not play spoilsport during the festivity. Under normal condition monsoon withdraws from this region by October second week. This time the festival begins in the third week of October. This reason should give Kolkatans a breather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680237", "title": "'CISF vans were new, didn\u2019t have entry passes'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF ) reportedly took two new vehicles, without entry passes, inside the Mumbai airport on Wednesday. Customs officials eventually detained the vans, triggering a standoff between the two agencies that left security at two gates compromised for almostfour hours.While the two agencies tried to resolve the differences at a meeting on Thursday, airport sources said the vehicles seized by customs officials had noentry passes at all. CISF officials, however, denied this.Sources said as the two vehicles were brand new, they were yet to be issued entry passes. Two conditions have to be fulfilled before Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL ) issues entry passes. \"They have to be fitted with speed governors as no vehicle can exceed the limit of 30 kmph within the airport precincts. Also, they have to carry the CISF logo,\" an airport source said.On Wednesday, the two vans were taken inside the airport where customs personnel demanded a check as they had information that contraband could be smuggled using government vehicles.While they did not come across any such substance in the two vehicles, they found out that the vans did not have any permits and seized them, the sources said. \"Going by the rules, the vehicles should not have entered the airport premises at all,\" an airport official said.CISF officials, however, insisted that the vehicles had the requisite passes. \"Passes for the vans had already been issued. Those were new vans, which were not driven to the operations area; those were only taken inside the gate. The safety department will look into the status of the vans and why they were inside in more detail,\" said S P Selvan, deputy inspector general, CISF. \"Our area of concern is jurisdiction. It is not the duty of customs officials to check vehicles or man the gates. The problem occurred when they tried to man the gates and perform the CISF's duties. We look forward to more cooperation,\" he added.During the meeting, said sources, the CISF discussed the role of customs officials at the airport. They also reportedly said they felt targeted by the latter. \"The customs officials also elaborated on their role and their authority to check vehicles based on intelligence inputs,\" an official said. \"They said they had no problems with the CISF checking their vehicles, but the same has to be extended to their own personnel too.\"Officials said the \"ego tussle\" between the two agencies was an ongoing issue. Both the CISF and customs authorities have had unpleasant interactions when it comes to frisking and checking the other agency's personnel. In August, a customs official seized vehicles of Air India, Carvan and Omega agencies. Later, when the employees created a ruckus, the passes were returned. A reply from the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security said \"the sudden deployment of customs personnel is creating difficulties for CISF to manage traffic movements and implementation of access-control procedures\".TERMINAL CONCERNSNumber of people who enter the airport MIAL employees 1,400 | MIAL contractors 5,000 | Concessioners 1,000 | CISF 2,550 | Customs 700 WHO ISSUES ENTRY PASSES? Individual passes for the airport terminal and operations area are issued by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security Vehicle permits are given by MIAL For individual passes, BCAS has launched an online renewal processJURISDICTION ISSUESCISF is in charge of the airport's security and authorized to carry arms. Its personnel are posted at all entry/exit points and are given vigilance function to detect unlawful entry into the airport, check people and baggage for banned substances &amp; explosives, and also detect suspicious activitiesThe customs officials' role is to check passengers for contraband and smugglingTimes View: Agencies' fight should not compromise security That a feud between two central agencies can lead to such a situation is unimaginable. Wednesday's incident seriously compromised the airport's security; that nothing happened was purely fortuitous. Both agencies should sit down and sort out the differences to ensure that such tiffs are never repeated. Agencies given the responsibility of a high-security public utility should not behave in such a puerile fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677307", "title": "Bike borne youths rob man", "text": "NAGPUR: Two youths on a bike snatched a bag containing Rs5 lakh from a man on the busy Sitabuldi market road on Thursday. Amit Agrawal, a resident of Wardhaman Nagar, was walking towards his car when the bike borne youths snatched away the bag.Agrawal had withdrawn cash Rs10 lakh from the bank minutes before the incident. Of the Rs10 lakh, he had given Rs5 lakh to a friend in the bank itself and was carrying the remaining amount for some official purpose.All the while his father was waiting near the car that was parked nearby. Agrawal was just a minute away from the car when the bikers robbed him. A complaint was filed at Sitabuldi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677688", "title": "Maoists in support of migration", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when political parties are trying to check migration of labourers in the name of human trafficking, CPI(Maoist) operatives in the forest villages of the state have accused the government and main stream political parties of taking away their basic rights to live and earn. Admitting that a large number of villagers migrate even from the districts in which there is a considerable Maoist presence, a senior Maoist ideologue said unless they (read the Maoist organizations) are able to provide livelihood opportunities to villagers, they have no right to stop them from migrating and earn a living for their family. \"We cannot put a ban on migration like the government is trying to impose because people leave their villages in search of jobs when they find no opportunity in farming due to drought or lack of employment opportunities at the local level,\" the Maoist leader said.Describing class struggle for economic autonomy of tribals as the main tool for their empowerment, the spokesperson of Jharkhand Bihar Simant Regional Committee of the CPI(Maoist), Manas, said the party CPI(Maoist) had dug ponds to provide irrigation facility to villagers in their areas of dominance. \"At some places in Chhatisgarh and some of the border areas in Jharkhand, marketing of forest produce is controlled by us in which many villagers have been engaged so that they can earn a living,\" he said adding that they have no objection if people choose to migrate to neighbouring states in search of work.The CPI-ML, another Left party that has been raising the concerns of workers, has formed the Pravasi Mazdoor Union in Giridih from where hundreds of workers have gone to the Gulf countries in search of jobs. CPI-ML MLA Vinod Singh said although the government had announced a policy to compensate the family members of workers who die doing hazardous work, no one has received the money till date. Unwilling to forcibly stop people from moving out in search of job, Singh said a proper system of registration of workers and whereabouts of their family members needs to be in place. \"We are concerned about providing safe and secure living to the workers and their family members instead of forcing them to stay back at home and die of hunger,\" he said.The CPI-ML has planned a conference of the migrant workers soon after Durga Puja to discuss the matter on their homecoming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677845", "title": "Biweekly superfast train between Delhi, Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Western railway has introduced a biweekly superfast A/C special train between Mumbai and Delhi. It will start from October 9 and run till December 30.According to the schedule, train no. 09004, Mumbai Central- New Delhi biweekly A/C superfast train will start on every Monday and Saturday at 7.45 pm from Mumbai Central and will reach Ratlam at 5.45 in the morning next day and will reach New Delhi on each Wednesday and Saturday at 5.35 pm. While returning, train no. 09003 New Delhi- Mumbai Central biweekly A/C superfast special will start from Delhi on October 10 till December 30. This train will be starting from Delhi on each Wednesday and Sunday at 11.40 pm and will reach Ratlam the next day at 11.15 am. It will reach Mumbai on every Thursday and Sunday at 9.15pm.During its journey up and down, this train will stop at Borivali, Surat, Ratlam, Kota, Sawai Madhopur, Gangapur City, Hindon City, Bharatpur and Mathura stations. The train will have second A/C Third A/C and pantry coach.Meanwhile, another weekly superfast special train will start from October 3 to October 26 between Nizamuddin and Madgaon. According to the set schedule train no. 02452 Nimuddin-Madgao weekly A/C special will start from Nizamuddin on each Wednesday at 7.30 am and on its way to Madgaon, the train will reach Nagda at 4.54pm and Ratlam at 5.30pm. It will reach Madgaon at 3.30pm. On it way down, train no. 09451 Madgaon-Nizamuddin weekly A/C special train will run from October 5 to 26 on each Friday at 12.25pm. It will reach Ratlam the next day at 11.15 am and will reach Nizamuddin at 7.20 pm.On its journey up and down, the train will halt at Kota, Ratlam, vadodara, Surat, Vapi, Wasai Road, Panvel, Ratnagiri, Pudal, Thivam, and Karmali stations. The stoppage of the A/C superfast special train no. 02452 at Nagda will be only on its way up to Madgaon. While train no. 02451 on its way down will not halt at Nagda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677165", "title": "Cherra Panaji? Not quite, as Valpoi is the wettest place", "text": "PANAJI: When it rains in the city, it pours in buckets in Valpoi. No wonder, the recording of 3,968.8mm (about 158 inches) of rainfall during the June-September season in this scenic town, nestled in the foothills of the Sahyadris, qualifies it to be the wettest place in Goa.But, as always, the capital city takes the driver's seat, even if the overall intensity of the rainfall cannot inch anywhere near to the precipitation in Valpoi. This year, the meteorological centre at Altinho recorded only 2,691.3 (107 inches).\"The highest rainfall this season was recorded in Valpoi, but Panaji's rainfall is considered representative of the state, as the main observatory is located here,\" admits K V Singh, director met centre, Altinho.The season ended on a slightly dry note on September 30, 2012, though the rainfall was in the normal range. \"But the quantum of overall rainfall is less than last year,\" Singh added. Perched atop one of the highest points of Altinho hill, the met centre recorded 2,961.5mm (118+ inches) during the monsoon in 2011, as compared to 2691.3mm (107+ inches) in 2012.In comparison, a staffer at police training school (PTS) Valpoi, wielding the rain gauge on behalf of the met centre had recorded 4,816.8 mm (192+inches) last season in 2011 as against only 3,968.8mm (158+ inches) this year.Away from the bustle of the town, a cop volunteers to monitor the rain gauge for the met department at the PTS premises. \"As per the geographical conditions, the rainfall is very heavy in Valpoi, but it is not always the same intensity,\" a source at the PTS said.Often, Panaji records 100mm (nearly 4 inches), but Valpoi receives only 20mm. \"But one trend noticed here is it rains more towards the fag end of the season,\" the source added. Rainfall at the end keeps the streams and rivers flowing towards summer.The met centre recorded another oddity this year, as the coastal area of Pernem received 3,534.5mm (141+ inches) this year after Valpoi. Quepem, which is one of the rainiest centre in the state, received only 3,196.8mm (123+ inches) this year as against 4,284.8 mm (171+ inches), the second highest rainfall in any centre, in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16680406", "title": "Rahul Gandhi backs FDI in retail, says it will benefit farmers", "text": "SRINAGAR: Backing Centre's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has said the decision will help farmers prosper by removing middlemen from the supply chain and generate new jobs.Addressing the national executive of Indian Youth Congress here on Thursday night, Rahul said FDI in retail will help farmers store their produce safely for a longer duration, thus ensuring best value for their crops.The 42-year-old AICC general secretary, who is here on a two-day visit beginning Thursday, said around 60 to 70 per cent of all perishable products in the country eventually rot due to lack of proper storage facilities.The situation, however, will change once FDI in retail comes in, Rahul was quoted as saying in a Youth Congress release.He said farmers could not get good price for their produce as the middlemen in the 'mandis' would buy from them at very low rates and sell the same at a much higher price in cities.But once FDI comes in, they will be taken out of this equation, he said.FDI will also create lot of new jobs, which will not only lead to higher income generation but also significantly reduce unemployment, thereby having a salutary effect on the economy, he said.He, however, said all contractual agreements that farmers get into with the retailers \"should be carefully monitored\" in order to ensure that interests of the farmer are not harmed.Rahul noted that in the contemporary world, all economies are interconnected, thus having impact on each other.\"If something happens in the US, it will most likely affect events in India, and vice versa,\" he said.Earlier, talking to members of the Jammu and Kashmir NSUI national executive, Rahul said it was important to win the hearts and minds of the student community in Kashmir.\"We need to earn their trust, their faith. I am here to win their trust through dialogue and deeds,\" he said.Rahul also asked state NSUI leadership to bring a delegation of students to Delhi and meet Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal to sort out all issues concerned to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16677853", "title": "Azhikkal Port, cooperative societies at loggerheads", "text": "KANNUR: The Azhikkal Port authorities and the cooperative societies that undertake sand mining here are at loggerheads with the port officials willing to grant the societies permission to dredge the port basin (manually) only after paying a fine of Rs 50,000 for violating norms.The societies allege that the government is losing heavily on account of the port frequently stopping sand mining activities. They said many of the conditions imposed by the port to undertake mining had affected the livelihood of the people. Port officials, however, claim that permission for sand mining is withdrawn only when the societies violate norms.\"Though it has been stipulated that the societies should employ only the locals for the work, most of them employ migrant labourers. This affects the job opportunities of the local workforce,\" said a port official. He also alleged that the societies were selling sand at exorbitant rates. The fine had been imposed because of these reasons, he said. The trade unions, however, deny these allegations, and on Thursday, they took out a protest march to the port office.\"We agree that many migrant labourers are employed here, but that's because there aren't enough local workforce. At a recent meeting of the sub-committee constituted by the port authorities to discuss these issues, it was decided to ask the government to change the rule in order to permit migrant labourers also to do this job,\" said K Surendran, the state general secretary of the INTUC, who led the agitation by unions. He also denied the allegation that sand was being sold for exorbitant prices.Surendran said that at the meeting of the sub-committee, it had also been decided to keep on hold the decision to charge fine, but that the port director had been opposing this for some unknown reason. \"Though they claim three societies had paid the fine, the reality is that all these three are controlled by one man, who has sand mafia connectionsThere is also something fishy behind the decision to permit dredging after paying a fine,\" he said.Trade union office-bearers also said the port's decision to give three village panchayats -- Valapatanam, Mattul and Pappinissery - permission to dredge was illegal as the 19 cooperative societies had been given permit in May after a bid. Port officials, however, claimed that the panchayats had been given permission to help them earn some revenue. This would in no way affect the prospects of the societies, they claimed.\"We are not against the societies undertaking the dredging work as long as they abide by the rules. But most of them violate norms, forcing us to take action,\" said a senior official. Some societies do violate norms, but why should others be victimized for that, asked Surendran. \"If they are willing to implement an effective mechanism, such problems can be sorted out. But port authorities are not doing that, pushing us on to the path of agitation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678247", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation nod to special vehicle for solid waste management", "text": "PATNA: Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) board has given its nod to Bihar Urban Services Corporation Limited (BUSCL) for the integrated solid waste management of the state capital through special purpose vehicle (SPV).Constituted by Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (BUIDCO), the BUSCL will be responsible for the solid waste management in the entire state, said BUIDCO MD Anupam Kumar Suman. The project would cost Rs110.59 crore under the centrally sponsored scheme, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). But the cleanliness work and waste management work would be carried out by the SPV. The BUIDCO MD had made a PowerPoint presentation at the PMC board meeting held recently.Earlier, the Jindal ITF urban infrastructure limited, MBM Dallah and Urshasar company withdrew their names from the project.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"The work would be executed by the SPV but the civic body members would be in charge of the entire project. This way, the monitoring of the sanitation work would be done properly and there would no passing the buck in this regard.\"According to PMC sources, no private agency was interested in taking up the sanitation work of the city. BUIDCO had to take a final call and so the SPV was constituted under the BUSCL.\"The project would also envisage development of an integrated solid waste management facility at village Beriya with a capacity to treat 800 to 1,500 tonnes of solid waste daily. For garbage collection, the city would be divided in five zones. It would work under one circle officer and other officers concerned. Each ward would have a sanitation in charge to supervise the work on daily basis. The SPV would have three GPS-enabled dead animal pickup vehicles, 1,240 wheeled bins for residential areas, 186 wheeled bins for commercial areas and 2132 little bins for commercial areas, apart from other equipment.The SPV is entitled to charge Rs510 against the collection of 10 tonnes of solid garbage from the BUIDCO. The PMC will also slap certain charges on the residents on residential and commercial mapping.PMC officials claimed that the SPV would start operating, partially, before Dusshera. It would take at least two months for the formation of the company and to make it fully functional. However, the PMC commissioner said the basic garbage collection and sanitation work of the city would not be hampered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678563", "title": "Tamil Nadu seeks 2tmcft water a day", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Thursday urged the visiting Cauvery central team led by water resources secretary Dhruv Vijay Singh to ensure supply of 2tmcft as per the distress-sharing formula.The Cauvery River Authority, led by PM Manmohan Singh, had recently awarded the state 9,000 cusecs. The state officials, led by chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi, made a fervent plea to the central team to help take up samba crop cultivation in 15 lakh acres, while the short-term kuruvai is already lost due to delayed release of water. The state also demanded water release of up to 124tmcft as per the Cauvery Water Tribunal's order until February, since the cultivation has begun late this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679058", "title": "Carmel students meet CM, seek help for little Irfan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A group of children from the Carmel Girls Higher Secondary School called on chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday seeking help for a six-year-old boy, who is struggling to come back to his life after he met with a tragedy in February last year.\"Sir, we don't need money to help him. Can you give a job to his father? They need a permanent income to look after their son. Both his father and mother do not have any source of income now. Please help him sir,\" the girl students requested the chief minister seeking help for Irfan, the Karikkakom school van tragedy survivor.Students Lakshmiraj, Arunima G P, Bhavana H, Sruthi S Kumar, Anakha S Ajith and Aparna V Kumar also submitted a memorandum signed by the students of their school in this regard to the chief minister.Chandy, who was moved by the initiative of the children, said, \"I will send an official to Irfan's house without any delay and take stock of the situation. We have already sanctioned Rs 10 lakh for the treatment of Irfan. If they want any more financial help, I will sanction it immediately. On providing a job for Irfan's parent, I will take a decision soon and I will let you know.\"The students, who had earlier met Irfan told the chief minister about his condition. The students also urged him to visit Irfan's house to know first-hand the difficulties faced by his parents. \"Sir we know that you have helped him a lot and your wife is in constant touch with the parents of Irfan. The expense of his drugs and physiotherapy are being reimbursed by the government. But it does not alone solve their agony,\" the children told the CM.They also took up the issue of constructing protection walls along the banks of the Parvathi Puthanar where the tragedy had occurred. Seven nursery children were killed in the accident. \"The construction of protection walls as promised by you has not yet been completed. The school vans are still speeding along the banks of this river. There has been no change in the situation,\" they apprised Chandy.Chandy assured them that all their concerns will be addressed and the students will be informed about the steps he would take. He also lauded the students for raising a fund to help Irfan.Irfan's father, a Gulf returnee, was running a retail shop in Vithura which he had to wind up after his son met with the tragedy. \"Irfan always needs the support of a person. Hence, I cannot go for work to such a far off place. At present, we spend money on the drugs which is being reimbursed later. But it has become difficult to find money since he needs Rs 400 everyday for physiotherapy alone,\" said Irfan's father, Shajahan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677636", "title": "AIMA tells NMC to fill potholes", "text": "Nashik: The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers Association (AIMA) has urged the NMC to fill potholes in Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).The condition of roads in Ambad MIDC has deteriorated due to the recent rains, creating problems for traffic in the industrial area due to potholes.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, AIMA President, said, \"The condition of the roads in Ambad MIDC has deteriorated due to potholes. We had urged the NMC administration to fill potholes immediately and it had also assured to carry out the works after the Ganesh festival. But even five days after the festival, the NMC has still not started filling the potholes.\"He said that the surfacing of the roads in industrial areas has not been carried out for the past seven to eight years. Mali said they have sought NMC's help to fill potholes first and surface the roads at the earliest. But, no action has been taken by the NMC in this connection.Moreover, there are close to 1,200 streetlights in Ambad MIDC of which 70% are not functioning in the industrial estate. NMC does not have enough staff to repair streetlights, causing delay in repair works. No streetlights lead to petty thefts, mobile snatching and vehicle thefts. Following failure, streetlights are temporarily repaired, but there is no management for maintenance of streetlights in the areas.Mali added that there is no underground drainage system in both Satpur and Ambad MIDC. MIDC only provides drainage system if the industrial estates include chemical and other such industries. It has not provided an underground drainage system in Nashik's industrial estates as industries here are largely based on auto and engineering.We have several times sought to construct underground drainage, but it did not. Besides, there are around 50 plating units in Ambad MIDC and they no arrangement to treat effluent. We have sought both MIDC and NMC to build Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP), but this demand is also gathering dust,\" Mali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678058", "title": "At 11th hour, bonanza for college teachers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat government made a last ditch attempt to appease thousands of college and university teachers. Teaching assistants in colleges also have a reason to rejoice. Their salaries were hiked on Wednesday from Rs 7,500 to Rs 16,500 per month.Teaching assistants had been demanding a salary hike for the past one-and-a-half years. On Wednesday, the day the election dates were announced, a high-level meeting of the education department officials met and issued GR on key issues of the academic fraternity.Secretaries of the Gujarat University and North Gujarat University Area Teacher's Association Jaswant Thakkar and D B Solanki said that the long-pending demand for arrears according to the 6th Pay Commission recommendations was also met.\"The first installment of 20% of the arrears will be disbursed to college teachers soon,\" said Thakkar.Recently, the salary of fixed pay teachers in primary schools was raised from Rs 2,500 to Rs 4,500. Fixed pay of secondary and higher secondary teachers was also hiked from Rs 4,500 to Rs 7,800 and from Rs 5,000 to Rs 9,200 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16677989", "title": "500 picketers held near Raj Bhavan", "text": "BANGALORE: Traffic movement was disrupted on Thursday morning on several roads of Central Business District. Mysore Bank Circle, KG Road, Hudson Circle, Anand Rao Circle, Goods Shed Road, Palace Road, Basaveshwara Circle, KR Circle and Rajkumar Road were the worst affected due to rallies and demonstrations held by various organizations over the issue of Cauvery water release to Tamil Nadu.About 500 protesters were arrested when they tried to picket Raj Bhavan on Thursday. The protesters gathered at Freedom Park and headed to Raj Bhavan. \"There is a ban order in place near Vidhana Soudha. So we detained them and arrested,\" DCP (West) SN Sidramappa told TOI.The arrested were shifted to Police Parade Ground near Chamrajpet, Mysore Road, and released later.Raitha Sangha leader Kodihalli Chandrashekar said that if release of water to TN was not stopped by evening, farmers would block highways across the state from Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679559", "title": "Banasthali campus under siege over rape claims", "text": "JAIPUR: Banasthali Vidyapeeth in Tonk's Niwai area witnessed widespread student unrest late on Thursday as some 5,000 girls demonstrated on the campus alleging rape of two students - one pursuing BTech and the other studying in class XI. The girls alleged that the university administration was trying to hush up the matter.The agitating girls tried to march out of the university premises, but the administration reportedly locked up the main gate of the university. The infuriated girls did not allow the district collector Muktanand Agrawal, SP S Parimala and other administration and police officers to enter the premises. They reportedly smashed the windows of a building on the campus and damaged other property. Later, the girls allowed the SP to enter the premises. Discussion with the girls were on till reports last came in.According to eyewitnesses , the girls started gathering in the campus situated in Banasthali area in Niwai in the evening. \"They started shouting slogans claiming two girls had been sexually exploited in the campus premises. They were demanding a judicial probe into the matter. When they tried to come out of the university premises, the administration locked the gate,\" said a police officer pleading anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675353", "title": "Naidu plays the perfect Pied Piper", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party president Chandrababu Naidu's 'Vastunna Mee Kosam' march is evolving into a new model, akin to a relay in athletics. On the third day of his walkathon on Thursday Naidu was seen asking people who are non-party activists to accompany him up to the next destination.Naidu offered to help every person or group who came to him with a list of demands if they accompanied him to the next village. \"This model has been wonderful so far for padayatra, people in good numbers are following him until next destination with a lot of enthusiasm\" one of the party leaders who accompanied him told TOI.On Thursday as he was touring Penukonda, the native place of TDP's slain leader Paritala Ravindra, the response was tremendous as anticipated. Sources said when a group of 500 youths belonging to Uppara community approached him near the Penukonda Bypass with a demand that their community should be included in the scheduled caste list, he immediately expressed his support to them. \"I will definitely do my bit for you if I come to power, but you should come along with me up to the next village\" he urged them. Close to 200 of them walked along with him up to the Penukonda circle. The Uppara community is currently under the BC (D) category.Similarly, on the other day he encouraged some members of the scavengers community to walk with him. In addition to this relay model he is bringing people round to his view points by engaging them in a conversation for the success of his yatra. In most cases he is negotiating with women , farmers and villagers who came to see him. At one place he can be seen posing questions to bystander.\"Dharalu perigaya leda, cheyettandi (aren't the prices skyrocketing?, if so raise your hands),\" he asked people at many areas.He even warned people how the government was out to pinch them with more price hikes. Then he would go on to appeal them to convey the message to 10 other persons. \"As this is the beginning of the yatra, we would be able to see the positive response more as we proceed further\" A Venkateswarlu, TDP activist who joined Naidu said.On health front Naidu is said to be doing good so far, except for brief knee pain when he visited the durgah in Penukonda to offer prayers. He took rest for a while and was ready again. His lunch break is extended beyond 5 pm every day. He is depending on lemon juice to beat exhaustion and surviving on simple meal consisting rice, sambar, buttermilk etc. His son Nara Lokesh who accompanied him in padyatra left for Hyderabad on Thursday evening. He might join his father again.A minibus-turned-kitchen is following Naidu's air-conditioned bus, which he is using as his temporary residence. A chef, Sudhakar, who is familiar with Naidu's food habits is in-charge of this mobile kitchen, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680196", "title": "Kundan Shah to make a sequel to 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron'", "text": "For an entire generation of film goers, it remains the funniest Hindi film ever made. And now, Kundan Shah is finally ready to make a sequel to his classic comedy, Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron (JBDY), starring Naseeruddin Shah and Ravi Baswani. While the idea was proposed some years ago, Ravi's demise made the plans go awry.JBDY that released in 1983 ended with Naseer and Ravi's characters being framed for crimes they didn't commit. The sequel follows their journey after they emerge from prison 35 years later.While Naseer is definitely reprising his own part, Kundan Shah is not sure who will play late Ravi's role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682368", "title": "Babies learn mum\u2019s smell to breastfeed", "text": "In a new study, researchers have shown that a mammal begins to suckle its mother's milk through a learned response built on learning her unique combination of smells.When a mammal is born, it is exposed to the smell of its mother's amniotic fluid and the baby then responds to those smells to feed.Prevailing thought has been that pheromones - chemicals that trigger an innate behaviour - drove the suckling response as an automatic behaviour.The new work determines that, in mice, the smells must be learned before the behaviour can occur.Suckling is a critical step for survival in mammals, which are defined by giving birth to offspring that need to feed from their mother's milk. The newborn must begin to feed soon after birth or it will die. It is a crucial, defining behaviour in mammals and offers researchers an opportunity to investigate the biology of instinct.Previous research into suckling has shown that European rabbit mothers use a pheromone to initiate suckling in their newborn babies. This led most scientists to think that all mammals were likely to use the same mechanism.Keen to discover the pheromone involved in other mammals, the team chose the mouse because they have a parenting style similar to that of humans, nurturing and caring for their young.\"We were expecting to find a pheromone controlling suckling in mice, but we found a completely different mechanism at work,\" Dr Darren Logan, lead author of the study from Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, said.\"We have shown for the first time that it is not a pheromone response in mice, but a learned response, founded on a mix of odours: the unique signature smell of the mother,\" Logan said.To discover the smells involved in initiating suckling, the researchers introduced newborn mice delivered by Caesarean section to breasts that had been washed clean and then soaked in one of the fluids that a baby would first inhale at birth.These included amniotic fluid, the mother's saliva , breast milk and urine. Only the breasts that smelt of the mother's amniotic fluid initiated suckling.The team then tested for the presence of a pheromone in the amniotic fluid. They fed pregnant mice strong smelling foods, such as garlic, to change the signature odour of the mother.If a pheromone was involved, the garlic would have no effect on suckling. In fact only those mice that had previous exposure to the amniotic fluid with the strong smell from their mother were able to feed successfully, proving the signature odour must be learned.\"Our work shows us that there is no species-wide pheromone that makes newborn mice feed, but that the mouse pups are actually learning their mother's unique and variable mix of smells at birth,\" Lisa Stowers, senior author from The Scripps Research Institute , said.\"So, although the suckling response may look like a pheromone-mediated behaviour, it is actually initiated through a fundamentally different process,\" she said.Supporting evidence for this conclusion comes from genetic research conducted by the team.They found that mice who lack a critical gene in the pheromone-detecting region of the nose, called the vomeronasal organ (VNO), were able to locate the mother's nipple and to suckle.In contrast newborn mice who lacked the ability to smell regular smells, detected in a region called the main olfactory epithelium (MOE) struggled with feeding.\"This is a neat study which shows the value of studying the development underlying an apparently 'innate' behaviour,\" Dr Tristram Wyatt of the University of Oxford said.\"The surprising result is that mouse pups use the individual odours of the mother to find their first feed. It is a reminder of the way that evolution uses whatever works: there is more than one way to find the first milk meal.\"The rabbit has a pheromone in the milk, humans may have one around the nipple, and mice learn the individual odour of their mother. All three enable the vital task of getting the newborn to suckle,\" Wyatt added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16676519", "title": "Additional coaches in six trains", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The railway has decided to add more coaches to six selected long distance trains to avoid the rush. Those trains are Bhubaneswar-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, Bhubaneswar-Pondicherry-Bhubaneswar Express, Bhubaneswar-Rameswaram-Bhubaneswar Express, Bhubaneswar-Secunderabad-Bhubaneswar Visakha Express, Puri-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT)-Puri Express and Visakhapatnam-Nanded-Visakhapatnam Express, according to a release from the East Coast Railways. Of those trains Bhubaneswar-Rameswaram Express will be augmented with one sleeper class coach from October 5 from Bhubaneswar and from October 7 from Rameswaram.Similarly, Bhubaneswar-New Delhi Rajdhani Express is being augmented with One AC-III tier coach with effect from October 3 from Bhubaneswar and with effect from October 4 from New Delhi for three months from October 1 to December 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678870", "title": "Cabinet okays cos bill, legal experts see loopholes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday approved the Companies Bill, 2011. The bill includes mandates for companies to spend on corporate social responsibility in the areas they operate in, makes directors directly responsible for protection of both environment and employees, and calls for fixing inter-corporate loan rates at the prevailing rate of government securities.The bill is aimed at having a modern legislation for growth and regulation of the Indian corporate sector. It has been amended to ensure that the rate of interest on inter-corporate loans will be the prevailing rate of interest on dated government securities.The bill, long under consideration for a comprehensive revision, is expected to help in curbing a major source of corporate delinquency as Clause 36 (c) has been amended to also include punishment for falsely inducing a person to enter into any agreement with a bank or financial institution with a view to obtain credit facilities.\"In view of various reformatory and contemporary provisions proposed in the Companies Bill, 2011 together with omission of existing unwanted and obsolete compliance requirements, companies in the country would be able to comply with the requirements of the proposed Companies Act in a better and more effective manner,\" said a government statement.However, the legal fraternity says that the various provisions and sub provisions of the companies bill are yet to be framed, putting the entire system in a flux and creating operational hindrances. \"It is not yet known when and how these legislations will be framed. The bill takes care of the operational procedures, but the underlying provisions are yet to be framed,\" said a partner with a leading Mumbai-based law firm.The Companies Bill, 2011 has a serious drawback when it comes to directors' duties with respect to the environment and employees, feels Bharat Anand, partner, Khaitan &amp; Co. \"Say, if an environment protection agency like Greenpeace holds 10 shares in a petroleum firm and wants the directors to enforce the most expansive way of environment protection, citing it to be his duty under the companies bill, what will that director do? Will he look at profit maximization or the most expansive way of environment protection?\" Similarly, will a director in a small firm in times of sluggish demand look at firing an employee to protect the company's interest or look at protecting the employees' interest, asks Anand.To help in curbing a major source of corporate delinquency, Clause 36 (c) of the companies bill has been amended to also include punishment for falsely inducing a person to enter into any agreement with bank or financial institution with a view to obtaining credit facilities.Another prominent drawback of the bill is with regards to the pledging of assets of an acquired company to fund the acquisition.Also, under the proposed amendments for pledging of assets of an acquired company to fund the acquisition, directors can be imprisoned up to three years. So, large companies will have various ways to do away with it, but directors of small firms will be caught, experts said.Provisions relating to audit of government companies by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India ( CAG ) have been modified to enable a more effective audit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16678372", "title": "4 injured in accident at fireworks unit in Vellore", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Four persons, including two women were injured in an accident at a fireworks unit in Vellore village near Sivakasi on Thursday afternoon. Sri Ganesh Colour Matches Company is into producing colour matchsticks for Diwali and the workers were involved in dipping the matchsticks into chemicals after lunch. At around 3pm, a sudden fire broke out due to friction in the process, causing an explosion. Four workers, involved in dipping of chemicals suffered injuries in the incident. The injured were identified as A Dharmalingaraj, A Koodalingam, M Chellammal and K Karupayi from the same village.Fire and rescue services department personnel from Virudhunagar and Sivakasi rushed to the spot and put out the fire. The injured were rescued and were rushed to the Sivakasi Government Hospital for first aid. Three of the injured were later moved to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai for further treatment.The condition of Dharmalingaraj and Koodalingam is said to be critical as they suffered severe burn injuries, police said. Police are yet to secure any persons in this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677045", "title": "Prasanta Muduli dead", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Noted playback singer Prasanta Muduli died of a heart attack in Rourkela on Wednesday. Muduli was 44. His last rites were performed at Vedavyas in Rourkela on Thursday.Muduli was popular for his beautiful rendition of songs of legendary singer and musician Akshaya Mohanty. He was working in CISF and posted in Rourkela. Muduli was closely associated with various associations to popularise the music of Akshaya Mohanty like Akshaya Mohanty Foundation, Samrat Akshaya Mohanty Trust and formed several fan clubs. Muduli had crooned for Odia film \"Thukul\" recently while for his latest music album \"Manjari\", Muduli had sang 25 songs.\"His untimely demise has left a big void in the Odia music industry, particularly in the promotion and popularization of Akshaya Sangeet among the younger generation,\" said Debashis Patnaik of Akshaya Mohanty Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678517", "title": "\u2018Use your cellphone like sword of Rani Laxmi Bai\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Sada haq athe rakh' and use your cellphone like ''the sword of Rani Laxmi Bai'' were some of the nuggets of advice that a police team gave to MCM DAV college, Sector 36, students, while motivating them to take sexual harassers head-on.A volley of questions was shot at SSP Naunihal Singh as the session started on Thursday. Sagrika of BA-III questioned, \"What can we do if teasers escape in speeding vehicles after committing the crime in full public view?\" Ankusha of BA-II said, \"How can I identify a mischievous person in a mob and what should I do to avoid such instances?\"And there were some who wanted to know how to handle not troublemaker boys, but girls. \"What to do if a girl harasses us in a public place,\" said a student. The SSP said the simple answer was, \"dial 100 and quick action will be taken\". It was followed by some suggestions, like use your nails as a weapon, always carry a cellphone and shout immediately if you sense any trouble.Ankita Nain, a hosteler, said, \"I believe students who walk home or travel in buses face rowdy behaviour more. Being a hosteler, I feel safer than others.\" The interaction session was attended by around 100 students. MCM-DAV college was the last educational institute for women the team visited. Two women nodal officers of anti-sexual harassment squads were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677582", "title": "State award for Nagpur's Maitri de-addiction centre", "text": "NAGPUR: We all know of birth, marriage and even death anniversaries. But Ram Khanjurkar celebrates his 'rebirth anniversary' along with other important days every year. This is the day he could give up alcohol six years ago. All members from, Maitri deaddiction centre where he works, have dates to mark their 'rebirth anniversaries' too.City-based NGO Maitri Trust, that runs a de-addiction centre where recovered addicts help inmates of the centre to give up addiction, was awarded by the state government for their efforts during the ongoing Vyasanmukti Sahitya Sammelan at Pune. They were among the 19 NGOs and 30 individuals from the state awarded the Rashtrapita Mahatma Gandhi Rajyastariya Vyasanmukti Sewa Puraskar on Wednesday by the social justice ministry of the state.\"I have been everywhere, from mental hospital to central jail, because of my addiction. What I did not know was that leaving behind the habit would win me gratitude and praises of not just others I help do the same but of ministers too,\" said Tushar Natu, who has been working with the centre since its inception.He was in a de-addiction centre at Pune along with Ravi Padhye who conceptualized the idea of Maitri. When his addiction relapsed and he tried going back to the centre and found no spare room, he came to Nagpur at Padhye's request. Together they started a residential facility with only three inmates. Today, one can find up to 90 patients here at any time. \"We had checked our registers when we completed ten years and found our success rate was 40%. This is big if we consider the small number of people who can give up addictions,\" he said.\"We all understand that any disease can be treated with proper medical care. Addiction has been defined as an illness by World Health Organization (WHO) and the person suffering from it needs help too. We only try to provide this care and support,\" said Padhye. He was also one of the few people invited to speak during the fair and spoke on 'Addiction, a social blemish'.Psychiatrist Dr Shailesh Pangaonkar, who has been providing his services at the centre from the very beginning, said, \"the centre tries to follow all the norms set by WHO as well as those of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA). The high success rate can also be because care is taken to ensure psychiatric, medical, family and societal support for inmates. No wonder so many have recovered and are contributing to the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677108", "title": "BDOs warned of action if missing from headquarters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Block development officers who are not available at their places of posting without valid reasons would hereafter face action. The state government issued this warning on Thursday following complaints that officers at the cutting edge of the administration were not residing in their headquarters.\"It has come to our notice that some of the BDOs are not staying at block headquarters. This not only sends a wrong signal to your subordinates and the people of the area but also adversely impacts the implementation of schemes,\" secretary, panchayati raj, Aparajita Sarangi, said in a letter addressed to all BDOs.The letter asked all BDOs to reside (if not already staying) at their block headquarters from November 1 and warned: \"Under no circumstances, any BDO should be found not staying at block headquarters.\" Sarangi said in case government quarters are not in proper shape those could be repaired or the BDOs can go for rented accommodation. \"If case both government and hired accommodation is not available, then the BDOs can take special permission and stay at the neighbouring block,\" she told TOI.The government move followed complaints that quite a number of the 314 BDOs in the state were not residing in their places of posting and even reportedly found available in the state capital for better part of a month, official sources said.The letter said the BDOs could leave their headquarters only with written permission from the concerned district collector. \"No project director, District Rural Development Agency (DRDA), or BDO will come to Bhubaneswar unless called by the panchayati raj department for a meeting,\" it said, adding, \"Any deviation from this instruction will be seriously viewed and action as deemed proper will be initiated.\"The government further said all PD, DRDA, and BDOs to tour their areas for at least 15 days in a month and record the outcome of their tours. \"They need to supervise the works in the field and interact with the people in the villages. They must try their best to ensure that the benefits of schemes reach the targeted group,\" an official communique to all collectors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678536", "title": "March to seek justice for Komal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nearly 270 students of Postgraduate Government College for Girls in Sector 42 carried out a candle march demanding strict action against the three accused of the molestation incident that took place outside the college.Komal, 20, was injured when she resisted the attack. The accused had hit her on the head with a sharp-edged weapon. Lakhbir Singh, Khushwinder Singh and Karandeep Singh were arrested on charges of thrashing and molestation and had been released on regular bail on September 19. And later, they were caught again on kidnapping charges.Lakhbir Singh applied for an interim bail on which a decision would be taken by the district court on Friday.The college principal and the staff accompanied the girls in the march that covered the entire sector, including the market area.The students were given police protection till the candle march concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16681869", "title": "Jammu-based MLAs allege discrimination, walk out of J&K; assembly", "text": "SRINAGAR: Several Jammu-based MLAs staged a walkout from the legislative assembly on Friday to protest the alleged discrimination in the sanction of posts in the higher education department.Balwant Mankotia of National Panthers' Party (NPP) raised the issue of alleged discrimination against Jammu region during the Question Hour.He claimed that only 400 posts were sanctioned for Jammu region out of the total 1,129 posts of assistant professors sanctioned for the state in the higher education department. Mankotia demanded parity between the Valley and Jammu regions.However, Speaker Mohammad Akbar Lone refused to entertain the plea saying the bogey of discrimination is raised from everywhere.Mankotia was joined by his party colleagues Harsh Dev Singh, Yashpaul Kundal, BJP MLAs Ashok Khajuria, Jugal Kishore and independent MLA Ashwini Sharma in raising slogans against discrimination with Jammu region.They later walked out of the house in protest.Meanwhile, Independent MLA from Langate Sheikh Abdul Rashid also staged a walkout from the house after the government did not respond to his demand of immediate release of two youth booked under Public Safety Act (PSA) yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16678381", "title": "Keylong freezes at 3.5C, as Una sizzles at 34.6", "text": "MANALI: While Una district of Himachal is still sizzling at 34.6 degrees Celsius, Keylong, the district headquarter of Lahaul-Spiti, is freezing at 3.5 degrees Celsius, the lowest of the season.Residents of Lahaul-Spiti woke up to a cold foggy morning on Thursday. Frost had covered everything in most of the villages. Though the day temperature, which rose to 17 degrees Celsius, provided some relief to the residents, they could not sleep properly as the night was extremely cold.Kumari Anita, a resident of Keylong, said water too was icy cold and had to warm it up before drinking it. \"Windshields of vehicles were covered with frost. It was so cold that even sun could provide no relief,\" she said.High hills of Kullu and Lahaul-Spiti experienced mild snowfall on Thursday evening. Cold waves originating from high hills have swept lower regions as well. Recording minimum temperature of 5.6 degrees Celsius, Manali also saw the coldest night of the season. Kalpa in Kinnaur recorded 4.2 degrees Celsius and minimum temperature in Shimla, Dharamshala, Solan and Mandi was 12.7, 17.2, 12.8 and 15.2 degrees Celsius.According to Shimla meteorological office, minimum and maximum temperature of Himachal was decreased by 2 to 3 degrees Celsius in past 24 hours. A forecast of dry weather in next four days has been issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676617", "title": "Hari Kishan avoided CCTVs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mastermind of the Defence Colony heist, Hari Kishan Sharma, has emerged as a cautious and meticulous planner. His interrogators revealed that not only did he change several mobiles in six days after the heist but also stayed away from trains and buses to avoid being captured by CCTV cameras. Instead, he bought a second-hand Honda City car to flee from the city, said DCP, South, Chhaya Sharma.The only other people who knew of his plans were his wife, Rashmi, and a friend of 10 years, Jojo alias Vijay Verma, who lived in Banda. Sharma was arrested from Banda on Wednesday by inspector Aishveer Singh of the special staff who was instrumental in cracking the entire case. Jojo was able to dodge the cops. The Honda City, a Zen and about Rs 2 lakh in cash were seized.Besides his wife, Sharma trusted his brother, Deepak. The amount of Rs 1.51 crore recovered from Deepak was actually Hari Kishan's share. When Hari Kishan was asked about his share by the cops, he said it was with Deepak. Deepak has now been taken on police remand for recovering that amount.Addl DCP P S Kushwah told TOI that the couple had slept on Friday, after the robbery, in their Zen car at Pushp Vihar, near Deepak's house. Hari Kishan told the police that he had divided and distributed the cash by 5pm and fled from the Khidki house with his wife in the Zen to Pushp Vihar. \"Next morning, after they dumped the cash boxes and separated, Sharma and his wife took an auto to Vikaspuri. There they bought a Honda city for Rs 3.3 lakh in Rashmi's name from a used car dealer. They then returned to Pushp Vihar to pick up their share from Deepak's house but we had picked him up by then. The couple then took the NH 24 to enter Uttar Pradesh,\" he said.After the raiding team's return from Banda, it has emerged that they didn't hide in Rashmi's family home but at old friend Jojo's house in Kindwari town in Banda. Sharma was waiting for an opportune moment to collect his share and cross over to Nepal. The cops got wind of his plan after they nabbed Mukesh, an associate of Sharma, who had arranged for an insider in the vault management company to keep them posted about cash movements. Sharma had called up Mukesh from the new mobile number he had procured while fleeing Delhi. Another informer tipped off inspector Aishveer Singh about Jojo's address and he went with his team to Kindwari town.When the team raided the house, the couple had gone over to another village. When they followed them there, Sharma spotted them, slipped into the fields with his wife and began to run. A high-voltage chase ensued and Singh and his team were finally able to pin him down in the fields as he slowed down due to an injured let which had got fractured in an accident in early 2011.While planning the robbery, Hari Kishan had first bought the Verna and then began to bring people together. Deepak was an obvious choice to ensure that most of the loot remained with the family. Ranjeet Rumal, the man who provided the Verna, became an accomplice. During a hearing in Rohini court, he met Mukesh, who became another accomplice. He roped in Umesh and Vijay Nahar, a police informer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677190", "title": "Symposium on attentive listener", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An international symposium on \"Attentive listener in the visual world: The international of language, attention, memory and vision\" will be held at the Center of Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS), AU on October 5-6. Many linguistic and cognitive experts from India and abroad will attend the symposium.CBCS director Prof Narayan Srinivasan said the symposium will provide a platform to discuss, explore and summarize different aspects of language-vision interactions and will bring together experts from psycholinguistics, cognitive science, and related disciplines to discuss recent developments and foster collaborations. The workshop programme also includes poster sessions for graduate students and others to present their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682718", "title": "Digangana Suryavanshi bags Qubool Hai!", "text": "The much waited 4 lions Film's promising project for Zee TV has become the talk of the town these days. With the comeback of handsome hunk Karan Singh Grover and having seasoned actors like Shalini Kapoor, Tej Sapru, Shabman Sayeed as the major cast, the show has created a buzz around.With Rishab Sinha, the Splitsvilla guy joining the cast of the show as parallel lead, one more name has popped up to join the bandwagon.Digangana Survyavanshi, last seen in Star Plus's Ruk Jaana Nahi as Sanchi's sister has been roped in to essay a character of Nuzhat, sister of the male lead.When contacted, Digangana's father confirmed her presence in the show. Digangana also acted in the shows like Krishna Arjun, Kay Hadsa Kya Haqeeqat and Shakuntala.Keep reading this space to know more updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677074", "title": "Red beacons: Govt officials challaned", "text": "NEW DELHI: High-ranking officials from adjoining states were in for a shock when they were stopped by traffic policemen in India Gate area on Wednesday and Thursday for using a red beacon on private vehicles. \"Five such challans were issued. The beacons were removed and traffic officers told the occupants that it is not permitted to use red beacons on private vehicles in Delhi,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Those issued challans included a deputy commissioner of a district in Haryana, a DIG of CBI from UP, a sugarcane commissioner from UP and a home secretary of Haryana. The government vehicle of a president of a political party in trans-Yamuna area was also issued a challan, said officials.Vehicles allowed to use red beacon-cum-flasher include those of President, Prime Minister, former Presidents, Chief Justice of India, Lok Sabha Speaker and Leaders of the Opposition in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha among others.Under Rule 97 (2) of Delhi Motor Vehicles Rule, 1993, revolving-cum-flasher red light can be used only by motor vehicles on emergency duties such as ambulances, fire tenders and PCRs. The rule also makes it mandatory to obtain a written permission of the Delhi chief secretary for using a red light without flasher. And there's a crucial but mostly forgotten rider \u2014 when such vehicles are not carrying the person who qualifies for the use, the beacon has to be covered by a black casing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678367", "title": "Govt's reforms push gets a Presidential boost", "text": "MUMBAI: President Pranab Mukherjee , who failed to push through economic reforms during his tenure as the finance minister , on Thursday expressed confidence in the vibrant Indian economy and said it will soon regain its growth momentum. \"India's economy is re-bouncing. I believe, shortly, the economy will come back to steady growth,\" Mukherjee said here.To kickstart the flagging economy, the UPA government has pushed through a slew of reforms that includes opening up the retail and aviation sectors to foreign investment and hiking the diesel prices and even introducing a cap of six subsidized LPG cylinders. But all this have come after Mukherjee moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan, handing over the finance portfolio to P Chidambaram.In front of business leaders in the financial capital of the country, Mukherjee, in his inaugural address at India Chem 2012, said that Indian chemical industry should focus on increased adherence to safety and international health and environmental standards. Stating that the research in chemical industry is unsatisfactory, he said, \"At present, the chemical industry spends 1-2% of the annual turnover on research and development. The expenditure in this sector (research and development) needs to be hiked to 5-6%.\"Mukherjee said there is a significant rise in Asia's share in the global chemical industry. In last decade, the industry share has gone up from 31% to 45%. \"The global chemical market is estimated at about $3.4 trillion. The Indian chemical industry is currently valued at $108 billion (3% share of the global market),\" he said.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the state is almost becoming free of load-shedding and remains the top-most preferred destination for foreign investment. \"The state government plans to support additional investment in Maharashtra,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682287", "title": "I want to be Ranbir Kapoor's voice, says Nikhil", "text": "For Pritam discovery Nikhil Paul George, singing wasn't a conscious decision. Obviously then, he is overwhelmed with everything that's happening around him. The Nagpur boy, currently based in London, secludes himself from the fact that his tracks (Main Kya Karoon and Aashiyan) from Barfi!, hasn't simply found love fromtune-hummers, it also features on the Radio Mirchi Bollywood Top 20 chart. In fact, Aashiyan is this week's top gainer, jumping eight spots. Excerpts from a recent conversation...How does being discovered and finding fame, feel? I don't think I am famous yet. Or it could be that I'm in London so I'm secluded from it all. Apart from increased friend requests on social networking sites, nothing has really changed all that much.How did all this come about? Starting out playing classical guitar myself while in Nagpur, I later appeared for examinations conducted by the Trinity College of Music. While studying for my graduation in Computer Science, I was extremely active Bangalore cultural events. I later moved to Bangalore and got an opportunity to teach there. I always wanted to study music but in India, there's less scope to learn unless it's Hindustani/Carnatic music, so I left to study at the Royal College Of Music, London. My parents were very supportive about me pursuing my dream and that worked for me. And while, Barfi! may be my debut in singing per se, I've been working with Pritam for the past year-and-a-half now.How did the 'discovery' happen? I was introduced to Pritam through friends in London who have worked with him in the past. But the formal meeting happened when Pritam needed someone in London for the guitar piece and music arrangements for his compositions, that's when a friend of mine put me across. I first composed the guitar bit for Rabba mein toh from Mausam . Next came Cocktail . And when Pritam wanted to add an international flavour to the track Daaru Desi , I produced it. Apart from composing and arranging for films, I've also worked with Ash King.How are you dealing with being recognised for your voice? Well, it's pretty overwhelming more because it just happened out of the blue. Creating music for the film was a mammoth task, took me about a year, but what's best is it's such an amazing project to debut with. As far as singing is concerned, I did always sing, but it wasn't a career I was focusing on because I was busy arranging and producing music more than anything else. The song Main kya karoon just happened, I was working on arrangements and there wasn't anyone around that moment to sing the piece for Anurag to approve it. So, I sing the melody, Pritam hears it and says he wants my voice for the track. I credit him for that one. There's one thing I've learnt: if a song justifies the composition, it doesn't matter if one is an amazing singer or not. But yes, right now, I'm taking things as they come.Aashiyan wasn't in the cards either. How did that happen? I was programming and arranging music for Aashiyan , and in the process, I hummed gibberish just so I could use it as reference. But when Pritam heard that, he liked it and asked me to record it with the lyrics. You know, the film is such that the songs are a vital part of its narrative. Anurag was particular about what he wanted and was convinced with my voice for the track. The truth is, I'm embarrassed duetting (sic) with Shreya Ghoshal, just because she's such an amazing singer. Pritam and Anurag believed in me. They spotted something in me that even I was unaware of.Miss anonymity? I don't miss it. Maybe it's because I am the shy guy who doesn't like the attention. I'm more of a person who works in the back-end. As far as music goes, though, I don't mind working at either end.Heard you're turning lyricist for an upcoming project? I'm definitely not a lyricist, but again, that just happened during production as well. I have written songs before.Since Rockstar , Mohit Chauhan has been widely considered as the voice for Ranbir Kapoor's songs. Which actor's singing voice would you be keen on becoming? It would be better if the actor chose me rather than me choosing to be a particular actor's voice. But, since I sang for Ranbir, and that was my debut as well, I think I'll pick Ranbir. Solely, because it was my debut with this actor and it has been appreciated. There must be a connection.Plan on cutting an album anytime soon? I have plans, but don't know when that's going to happen. Also, I'm not even sure if it'll be a mainstream or gospel album.In a recent interview, you stated, 'I'm not really a singer and I don't like calling myself one' and 'this might well be the first and the last time that you'll hear from me as a singer.' You really think so? I've been advised to not say such things (smiles). What I meant when I said that was, unlike other singers, I don't practise and I'm not extremely technical. But with the composition style in the industry changing so much, there are so many singers now. There just might be a chance that my voice may not work anywhere else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677257", "title": "Woman constable dies in hit-and-run", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman constable, in her early thirties, has become the latest victim of hit-and-run. Her seven-year-old son was miraculously saved. The accident occurred on Koradi Road on Thursday when Shalini Gazalwar, attached to police headquarters, was heading to her residence at MSEDCL Colony in Koradi on a scooter.Shalini, who was in uniform, was deployed as a guard at Setu office at Collectorate. It is learnt that her husband Mangesh Jadhav, attached to MSEDCL, is posted at Parbhani. She was staying alone with her son in the city.Shalini had picked up her son on way to home. Police said that an unidentified vehicle hit Shalini's scooter from behind and fled from the scene. Shalini's skull due to the impact and she died on the spot.Police have yet not got a clue about the killer vehicle. They were left baffled as some passers-by claimed that it was a truck while others said that a Bolera car hit the cop.Koradi police have registered a case against the unidentified vehicle. Shalini's body was sent to Mayo hospital for post-mortem. It is learnt, Shalini was not happy with her family life. She was earlier posted at Koradi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678886", "title": "Industry fears House deadlock", "text": "MUMBAI: A large section of the insurance industry feels that by linking all reforms to FDI, the government risks deadlocking other amendments since the BJP and some UPA allies are opposed to FDI. Insurance players, however, feel that the spirit behind government move is positive.According to Ashvin Parekh of Ernst &amp; Young, there is a risk that several important insurance amendments may be deadlocked in Parliament considering that the standing committee on finance , headed by Yashwant Sinha , has rejected the need for increasing FDI. \"There are over 200 insurance amendments some of which are now becoming far more crucial for the economy than FDI. These include amendments to LIC Act, and those relating to pensions and health insurance.\" He added that there is a need to separate these issues rather than bunch them with FDI-an area where even UPA supporters may have their reservations.\"This will test credibility of the government and the country as it is being spoken for several years and has been presented in Parliament few times,\" said Kamesh Goyal, senior executive with Allianz. Subrat Mohanta, executive vice president at HDFC Life , agrees that separating FDI from other amendments might have taken the heat out of the reforms. But he points out that higher FDI is crucial not only for new companies which are short on capital but also for those which are looking to float an IPO. \"A higher stake would also give foreign partners an incentive to be more involved in the business and provide their expertise,\" he added.There are others too who have adopted a wait-and-watch approach. \"The bill has been pending for several years. The standing committee had recommended that FDI in insurance be retained at 26% and Parliament is free to accept or reject the suggestions. Although this is a positive step the bill needs majority support in Parliament,\" said Shailaja Lall, partner at Amarchand Mangaldas, heading the insurance and general corporate practice. She added that the other recently announced reforms of allowing banks to become brokers would also require amendment to the IRDA (Insurance Brokers) Regulations 2002. She sought clarity on whether banks with FDI exceeding 26% will be permitted to obtain insurance broking licences.But overall the spate of reform measures has turned the sentiment positive in the industry as the government is now seen to be in a supportive mood.\"The good thing about this is that the government is showing serious intent. Instead of looking at this in isolation, if we look at all the positive steps that that have been taken, it inspires a lot of hope that things can happen,\" said Puneet Nanda, executive director, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16677550", "title": "HC\u2019s stay order halts Noida housing projects", "text": "NOIDA: Construction work in residential projects spread over six hectares of land in Sectors 75 and 120 of Noida have come to a standstill following a stay order imposed by the Allahabad high court. The stay order was granted upon a petition filed by more than 50 farmers from the neighbouring Sarfabad village. The farmers have alleged that their land was allotted to real estate developers by Noida Authority without duly completing the acquisition process.The high court has granted two weeks for the Noida Authority to submit its reply. The next date of hearing has not yet been fixed, but the court said that it would be indicated within three weeks.The petition filed by the farmers states that 6.7260 hectares land had been notified for acquisition by Noida Authority under Sections 4 and 17 of the Land Acquisition Act on April 7, 2011, but even before the process was completed, the Authority leased the land to various developers who have begun construction activities. The land comprises 11 khasras in Sarfabad village.Farmers have demanded cancellation of lease deeds of private developers with the Authority and have also sought their land back. They have also demanded quashing of the acquisition procedure by revoking Section 4 of the acquisition Act. \"As per law, the final award should have been completed within a year of imposing Section 4, failing which the notification stands suspended,\" said Amrita Rai, counsel for the farmers.Prominent builders developing housing projects remained tight-lipped about the extent to which to the order would affect their projects. Meanwhile, the counsel for the petitioners said that even though the court has ordered halt of construction activity only across the land belonging to the petitioners, the order would affect \"nearly 120 hectares of land, which is currently in the possession of more than six builders\".As per sources in the real estate industry, nearly 10,000 dwelling units are under construction in several projects estimated to be worth more than Rs 5,000 crore, which could be at stake due to the court order. The Authority said that land on which the order has been passed pertains to no more than 500 sqm. Officials said they had not yet received a copy of the court order and would \"study its implications in detail\" once it reaches them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16679941", "title": "HC quashes FIR against director Sanjay Gupta", "text": "In March this year, the police had registered an FIR against him for cheating and forgery. However, the latest being the Bombay High Court has quashed the police complaint against filmmaker Sanjay Gupta, implying the case against him stands dismissed.Gupta, who is busy wielding the megaphone for Ekta Kapoor's Shootout At Wadala , had been booked by the Versova police for misusing the office of the Mumbai Police Commissioner on an invitation card promoting his film.The card bore the rubber stamp of the Mumbai Police Commissioner's office and said he would be present at the film's launch and would speak about the city's crime record.At the time, Gupta had been booked under various sections of the IPC for forging the letterhead of the Mumbai Police Commissioner in media invites sent out for a press conference. He had been issued summons, asking him to present himself within 48 hours to explain his side of the story and find out how people had been involved in making and distribution of the invite.After the Sessions Court had rejected Gupta's plea for anticipatory bail on March 5, the filmmaker had approached the Bombay High Court which then granted him anticipatory bail, observing the police had shown 'over enthusiasm' in registering the case.Gupta had claimed his creative team designed the invite but it wasn't the Police Commissioner's name on it; rather that of the man playing the commissioner in the film. The filmmaker had also maintained there had been a disclaimer on the card.When contacted yesterday, Gupta sounded relieved. He said, \"The bother is over.\" His lawyer Ameet Naik told us,\"Gupta had not committed a criminal offence. Which is why the FIR in question was quashed. What more can I say?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675612", "title": "KCR cold-shoulders TJAC leaders", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Joint Action Committee members said TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao refused to meet them when their delegation called on him on Thursday. The delegation was on a thanksgiving visit to the leaders of the various political parties and organisations for making the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march held on September 30 a grand success.On Thursday, a delegation of TJAC leaders led by convenor M Kodandaram met the leaders of BJP, CPI and independent legislator Nagam Janardana Reddy and extended thanks for their support due to which the rally was successful. However, the TJAC leaders said they could not meet KCR, who had returned to Hyderabad from Delhi on Wednesday and was is the city on Thursday.A TJAC leader said when they sought KCR's appointment he was reluctant and a senior TRS leaders asked them to wait for a day or two as the party president had just arrived in Hyderabad after his month-long stay in Delhi after holding discussions with the Congress leadership on Telangana. \"We wanted to meet KCR today as it was important to discuss with him about future course of action, but he was busy. TRS floor leader in the Assembly Etela Rajender asked us to wait. I think we may be given an appointment on Saturday,\" said a leader of TJAC.Kodandaram said, the TRS leaders would get back to him when he asked for a meeting. \"We are meeting all political parties who have stakes in Telangana and likewise we wanted to meet TRS also. However, they said they would get back to us. I think the meeting will happen shortly,\" Kodandaram said. While the TRS authorities were trying to project that Thursday was a busy day for KCR, the TRS boss met the leaders of New Democracy, a pro-Telangana political party, even as he had a closed-door meeting with his party legislators explaining to them his Delhi expedition.\"It was not that KCR didn't want to meet TJAC leaders, but there were pre-scheduled programmes on Thursday. The TRS chief would meet not only TJAC, but all the stakeholders of Telangana and would chalk out an effective strategy to achieve statehood for the region,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a former MP and politburo member of TRS. On its part, the TJAC has planned to call a steering committee meeting on October 7 to deliberate on further course of action and it is expected that the member political parties including TRS would be invited. TRS, BJP, CPI and New Democracy are the members of TJAC.\"We hope all political parties including TRS would take part in the steering committee meeting which is important in the view of the direction that the movement will take in the near future,\" said a TJAC leader. Kodandaram said the TJAC was mulling appealing to the Congress ministers in the state to come out with an effective strategy by December 9 so that they can put pressure on their party high command and push the UPA to table Telangana bill in Parliament during the winter session. December 9 is a significant date as the then Union home minister P Chidambaram had made a promise on Telangana on that day in 2009. The TJAC is expected to appeal to the T-political parties to come out with their plan of action by December 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681690", "title": "Chris Brown splits from Karrueche Tran", "text": "Chris Brown has revealed that he has dumped his girlfriend Karrueche Tran after being spotted with former girlfriend Rihanna for the third night in a row.He admitted that his close bond with the 'Umbrella' hitmaker was the reason for the split, but stopped short of saying that he had reconciled with the Barbadian singer.\"I have decided to be single to focus on my career. I love Karrueche very much but I don't want to see her hurt over my friendship with Rihanna,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying in a statement.\"I'd rather be single allowing us to both be happy in our lives,\" he said.Tran, a 23-year-old model who has been dating the singer since last year, posted a tweet after their split which read: \"Bye baby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji/margao/mapusa", "code": "16677631", "title": "Matka moves from open to close", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO/MAPUSA: Matka operations across the state have come under police action forcing the operators to move behind closed doors to collect the bets.After South Goa initiated action earlier this month, police in North Goa swung into action on Thursday. North Goa SP Vijay Singh said action will be taken wherever they notice matka bookies collecting bets.\"Police have already acted against matka gambling in Ponda, Chimbel and Old Goa, and the drive against gambling will continue,\" Singh said. In Ponda, police on Wednesday raided ten matka dens and arrested as many people.Sources said matka continues to be in operation on the sly. \"It is a fact that matka bets are not seen accepted openly unlike earlier. It's not true that matka operations have completely shut down. Matka business is run on the basis of mutual trust between bookies and the customers. Regular customers know the 'right' places to go to in times of police crackdown,\" a source said.Sources said in North Goa bets were being accepted over the phone or by persons seated in vehicles.Matka, a form of pot luck, is illegal but has been in operation for decades. Earlier matka operators were few and the betting took place cautiously. In recent times small kiosks and persons seated on pavements openly began accepting bets. This was happening with the obvious blessing of police and politicians, sources said. Sources said matka bets are accepted openly in the talukas of Pernem, Bardez, Bicholim and Sattari.In South Goa matka bookies have been lying low since the war of words broke out between Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco and South Goa SP Allen De Sa last month.Pacheco had recently charged South Goa SP Allen De Sa with failing to control matka in the district and the latter maintained that he has instructed DySPs and PIs in charge of police stations to crack down on all matka dens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16678065", "title": "Will N-liability exemption for Russia cost India: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the Centre to explain whether exempting the Russian manufacturer of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant's reactor could adversely cost India's exchequer and tax payers in the event of a tragedy taking place because of faulty reactor.This comment came from a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra, which is hearing a petition challenging a Madras high court decision to allow KNPP to commission work. Petitioner's counsel Prashant Bhushan argued that commissioning the plant without 17 safety measures recommended by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) could spell doom if a tragedy struck the plant.Though his focus was to put in place the 17 safety measures before any commissioning work, Bhushan also talked about the nuclear liability law and alleged that the exemption to Russian manufacturer of any liability was in breach of the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damages Act, 2010.Referring to Section 17 of the Act, the bench sought the Centre's assistance in interpreting the section and wanted to know whether limiting the manufacturer's liability would adversely impact the national exchequer and tax payers in the event of a nuclear tragedy. Bhushan requested the court to take an undertaking from the Centre not to commission the nuclear plant till a decision was pronounced on the petition. But the court referred to the 'Jal Yatra' protests and said, \"It is not so easy to commission the plant.\"The counsel said a large number of people lived around Kudankulam plant and they would face grave risk to their health and life if the nuclear installation went critical without the 17 safety measures being implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16677843", "title": "First haj flight to take off tomorrow", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The haj pilgrimage from Kerala will begin on Saturday and the inaugural flight will take off from Karipur at 10.30am. Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal will inaugurate the haj camp at 7pm on Friday. A haj cell has already been started functioning at the state haj house.Minister of state for external affairs E Ahammed would flag off the flight on Saturday. The second flight will leave the airport at 1.30pm on the same day.Saudi Arabian Airlines is scheduled to operate 32 flights of 300-passenger capacity between Karipur and Jeddah to carry the pilgrims from Kerala, Lakshadweep and Mahe. The pilgrims' return would be from Madina, this year. As many as 9,000 people, including volunteers and government officials, will proceed for haj under government supervision.The camp will have all facilities including a 24x7 government clinic.Abdu Samad Samadani MLA will preside over the function and Kondotty MLA Muhammedunny Haji as well as members of the local body will be present on the occasion.Chairman of the state Haj committee Kottumala Bappu Musaliyar said preparations were almost over and that the Saudi SIM cards and the SBI special travel cards for the pilgrims were ready for being distributed among the pilgrims. The Saudi Airlines has completed the procedures for receiving baggage directly from the pilgrims after they arrive at the camp.Pilgrims have been requested to reach the camp at least four hours before the departure of their flights.The pilgrims from Lakshadweep and Mahe will reach the camp on Wednesday. Their flights are scheduled to leave the airport the next day. The 313-member team from Lakshadweep will reach Beypore port on Wednesday. The haj officers from the islands have already reached the haj house.Meanwhile, 24 more applicants from state have been selected for the pilgrimage this year, as per the new list announced by the central haj committee on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677886", "title": "Three killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: Three persons were killed while two others were injured in a collision between a mini truck and dumper in Rau on Thursday. Two persons were killed on the spot, while one succumbed to his injuries at a hospital.The deceased have been identified as Vinod Prajapati, 25, son of Mohan Prajapati, resident of Dewas, Narendra Verma, 40, son of Badrilal Verma, resident of Manpur and Gorelal, 20, son of Mangilal and resident of Mhow. Gorelal died undergoing treatment at the hospital. Dileep and Dinesh were rushed to MY Hospital and their condition is said to be critical.The investigating officer S S Sharma said that the accident took place at around 6am when a mini truck (MP09 GE 2286) loaded with cement bags, was heading to Indore and rammed into a sand-laden dumper (MP09 GF 6535) from behind. Sharma said the dumper was carelessly parked on the road side.According to police, the impact was so powerful that it took at least an hour to remove the five persons from the vehicle. A fire brigade team had to cut open cabin of the mini truck in which the five were trapped.Sharma said that police have impounded the vehicles and will take action against the driver of the dumper who is still at large.Police have sent the bodies to hospitals for post-mortem and registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678749", "title": "RTE deadline: Most schools claim ignorance", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the last date for submission of Form-1, for the schools regarding compliance of RTE Act for the schools in Punjab is barely a week away, authorities of many schools in the city, are still ignorant of the deadline and face threat of being penalized.On their part, school principals whom TOI contacted maintained that they had not received any information about the deadline from authorities yet, officials in the Education department claimed that the information has been given on the websites and it was for the schools, to fill up the forms and submit details on their own.According to district education officer (DEO) Ranjit Singh, till now only 800 schools in entire Ludhiana district have given details in the forms in compliance with the RTE Act. \"The deadline mentioned for the submission of the Form-1, is October 11. No forms will be accepted after the last date and the defaulter schools will be made to pay a penalty of rupee 1 lakh.,\" he said.District education officer Ranjit Singh identifying defaulting schools, the department will start penalizing them from next session. There are almost 100 private and public schools in the city while about 2,000 in the district. Officials said of the large number of schools have not yet submitted RTE forms, a significant percentage is from Ludhiana.The Punjab government notified the RTE Act in October 11, 2011 under which all the private and the public schools were required to reserve 25% seats for the economically weaker section students.TOI conducted a random check in the city schools and found that many authorities were not even aware of the deadline, which was given by the state government for submission of forms.\"We have not received any formal instructions about the implementation of notifications from the state authorities yet. The provisions of Act will be followed by the management, once formalities are known,\" said Tarranum Fatima, Headmistress of Ramlal Bhasin School, Dugri.A few other principals who did not wish to come on record too mentioned that they were yet to be apprised of the moralities of the provisions.Realizing that many schools may fail to submit details, now DEO officials have started reminding schools of the deadline and the provisions.\"It was after receiving a call from the DEO office on Thursday that I came to know about the RTE form-.1. I will make sure that the form is filled up and we follow the clauses mentioned under RTE\" said Gurmant Kaur Gill, Principal Guru Nanak International public school, Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678264", "title": "After collapse, corporation checks old buildings", "text": "CHENNAI: Agraharam-style houses built more than five decades ago, abutting each other in a cluster and sharing common walls and roofs, are considered one of the city's defining features. But the collapse of a three-storey building in Triplicane on Wednesday, killing two people , brought civic agencies under the scanner for allowing many of these buildings to turn into death traps.It has been three years since the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) updated its second master plan to rebuild and strengthen old residential and commercial buildings in the city. However, as Chennai Corporation officials failed to act and the plan was put in cold storage, thousands of buildings in the city fell into disrepair.The corporation finally acted on Thursday, sending engineers across the city to inspect buildings more than 50 years old. They have been directed to enumerate the buildings and carry out a structural stability audit for each of them. \"We want to prepare a list of dilapidated buildings so that we can keep an eye on them,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.The inspections began on Thursday in old parts of the city like Triplicane, General Patters Road and Mylapore. The owners of dilapidated structures are likely to be served notices directing them to strengthen the buildings . But the exercise will provide little comfort to the relatives of K Thyagarajan, 65, and his wife Manjula Devi , 60, who died in Wednesday's collapse.It is unlikely to guarantee any remedy because the northeast monsoon is only a month away. Experts say thousands of buildings in old localities like Triplicane and Parry's could simply crumble in heavy rain or if a minor earthquake strikes the city. The walls of most of these buildings, made of limestone and clay, have developed cracks. Plaster is peeling off their ceilings.Experts warned against hasty measures to strengthen old buildings . \"If the wrong methods are used, it could prove disastrous,\" said V Shanmugasundaram, former head of the department of civil engineering at Anna University.He said the corporation or house owners should consult engineers and plan reinforcement of old buildings on a case-to-case basis. \"If it is a limestone wall, it could just be replastered to increase its longevity,\" Shanmugasundaram said. \"The walls that are beyond repair should be pulled down and rebuilt with concrete.\"Safety experts are apprehensive about the government's proposal to draft a new bill that will exempt unauthorised structures from demolition if they are constructed on or before July 1, 2007. A CMDA official said the plan to reinforce old buildings was not implemented because it did not have the government's support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677287", "title": "Parents allege St John's teachers beat up 4 years old", "text": "NAGPUR: Parents of a four year-old boy have lodged a complaint with the cops alleging corporal punishment by teachers of St. John's School. Imad Patel, a student of Std I, was allegedly beaten by two teachers on Wednesday for not doing his homework. \"He was very quiet in the evening and was refusing to eat. When asked, he revealed his teachers beat him up with a cane. That also left a mark on his right thigh and back,\" his father Naushad told TOI.On Thursday morning the parents, accompanied by a member of the Minority Development Monitoring Committee (MDMC), reached the school. Ateeq Qureshi, member of the MDMC, said, \"the two teachers admitted that they had beaten the boy with a wooden stick. They apologized to us and we had almost reached a compromise when a senior member of the staff disrupted the meeting. He told us to leave the school immediately and said we could go to any place and complain but nothing would happen.\"The parents then went to Sadar police station where a non-cognizable complaint was made. A police official from the station said child was sent for medical check up and school management called to record their statement. The school management could not be reached for reaction but police said it was likely their representatives might arrive on Thursday night.Corporal punishment has been banned in India for long and the ban is part of Right To Education (RTE) Act too. Chapter IV, Section 17.1 of the RTE Act states, \"no child shall be subject to physical punishment and mental harassment\". That entire Chapter IV of RTE deals with responsibilities of schools and its teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16676784", "title": "Mother held for battering three-month-old daughter to death", "text": "MUMBAI: The mother of three-month-old baby girl, who died of suspected battering while undergoing treatment in KEM Hospital, was arrested today on the charge of murdering her daughter.Earlier today, the police registered a murder case in connection with the death of the girl Ahuti Joshi.\"Ahuti's mother Dharmishtha Joshi confessed to have beaten up her baby girl very badly as she was continously crying. She also claimed that she hit her baby on her ribs and head in a fit of rage and not because she did not want her daughter,\" Borivali police station senior inspector Bhagwan Chate said.The police claimed the baby girl's father Kalpesh Joshi is innocent in this case. The accused will be produced in court tomorrow.The baby girl died on Sunday during treatment after she was admitted by her parents to central Mumbai's civil-run KEM hospital with a skull fracture last week, the police said.The hospital's paediatric department found that she had multiple skull fractures and also suffered from internal bleeding, the police said.When her parents failed to give a satisfactory explanation for her injuries, doctors notified the police.However, after the girl died of injuries on Sunday, the police had registered it as an accidental death.Later, preliminary postmortem findings confirmed that the baby girl had injuries on both sides of the skull, which were unlikely to be caused by an accidental fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677676", "title": "Santiago delegation visits civic body", "text": "NASHIK: Members of Friendship Force International from Santiago, Chile, visited the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Wednesday.Mayor Yatin Wagh welcomed the delegation while executive engineer U B Pawar informed them about the civic body's projects. Mayor Wagh discussed about the city's development projects with the delegation.The delegation included Frezia Nelda, Gloria Maria, Artha, Lusia Clorinda, Norma Thibout Trinit, Maria Veronica , Carmen Angelina, Ana Mariamets Gurero, Lusia Carmella, Carmen, Mirna Azusena, Aliana Del Carmen, Maria Gwadalupe, Paulina, Sonia, Migolina Del Carmen. The members of Friendship Force of Nashik had international affairs presidents Dr Shekhar Pardeshi and Dr Shashi Ahire and others interacting with the delegation.Deputy municipal commissioner Dattatreya Gotise, executive engineer R K Pawar, leader of the house Sujata Dere, corporators Shivaji Gangurde, Sudam Kombde and PRO Yogesh Kamod and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678223", "title": "Task force moots three elephant zones", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Elephant Task Force set up by the high court to look into elephant-human conflict has made several recommendations, including establishing a Karnataka Elephant Expert Group (KEEG), within the state wildlife board, with a broad mandate to plan, advise, and assist in elephant conservation and management in the state.The task force headed by IISc scientist Raman Sukumar suggested a three-zone approach -- elephant conservation zone, elephant-human co-existence zone and elephant removal zone.The report was submitted a couple of days ago and filed in response to a court directive in a sou motu PIL in 2008 following deaths of elephants in the state. The PIL came up before a bench headed by Justice K Sreedhara Rao on Monday. With regard to loss and fragmentation of elephant habitats due to ill-planned commercial infrastructure projects and natural resource extraction, the committee recommended a time-bound review of clearances granted or pending in areas within the distribution range of the elephant.It also suggested prosecution of officials who misrepresented facts about presence of elephants and other wildlife while recommending project proposals.KETF suggested the 750-kg golden howdah carried by the lead elephant in Dasara procession be replaced with a lighter replica or carried in a chariot drawn by the elephant. KETF feels such a symbolic gesture could make the state a national and international leader in elephant conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16675686", "title": "Will reassess future plans in November: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "After a mind-boggling 23 years at the top, Sachin Tendulkar retains his hunger for the game and his appetite for excellence. But how long can he go on?For the first time, in an exclusive interview to Times Now, to be telecast on Friday, the legend opened up about his possible retirement, admitting that at 39, there wasn't much cricket left in him.The call to retire would be a tough one, the maestro said, adding that he would go with what his heart said. \"At the moment, my heart says I am okay.\"\"The moment of retirement is going to be hard because I haven't experienced anything close to what I might go through when I retire,\" he said. Asked if he would retire from all formats of the game at one go, he said, \"It again depends on what my heart tells me then. I need not take a call right now. When I play in November, I will reassess things.\"Sachin Tendulkar, in this exclusive interview, says it is going to be difficult to 'suddenly hang my boots one day'.The country loves you because of your ability to remain focused on your game. It is also true that getting involved by reacting to things being spoken about you could be a distraction. But do you feel that you are pushing yourself too hard to be competitive and stay on top at this stage of your career and life?I have always been pushing myself, for the last 22 years and more, to play for India. It had always been a dream. When you play for India, you are playing a team sport. The 15-member squad has to move in the direction that the team wants you to move in. Everyone is striving to achieve something unique. Especially because it is a matter of pride and honour to play for India. Therefore, there is no reason why I should not be pushing myself too hard. In fact, if I don't, then you should question me on why I am not pushing myself hard enough. I care about playing cricket for India. This is something I am not willing to make a compromise on. The day I stop playing, I do not want to feel that I did not give it my best shot.'PRESSURE BRINGS OUT BEST IN ME'People say that Sachin is pushing himself so hard that the Sachin who we see is not the Sachin that we know. You almost hit the wicket with your bat and raised your hand in anger when you were bowled for the third time in a series against New Zealand...We are always under pressure. There is no stage where a sportsman is not under pressure. Although, it is good to be under pressure, which will bring out the best in you. Personally, being nervous brings out the best in me and I prefer it that way. Also, there is no batsman who feels happy after getting out. In this context, I was disappointed because I wanted to win the match for India, but I got bowled. But this reaction was blown out of proportion and pin-pointed conveniently. It was a natural reaction. You cannot expect me to take people's permission to react in a certain way.Sunil Gavaskar said, \"Two consecutive innings, the master has been bowled. The gap between the pad and the bat is a worrying sign. This is never a good sign for a great batsman.\" This comment was made after the second Test in August. It is Sunil Gavaskar who made this comment, and not somebody else.Sunil Gavaskar has also said positive things about me. When there have been a lot of positive feedback as well, why keep harping only on the negative comments? Ultimately, if I am out, I am out. I can't get stuck on one article about me and try to create something that the person is hoping to create out of it. I need to stay focused on the game and constantly keep finding ways to improve myself.Azharuddin has also said, \"It is clear that his reflexes have slowed down. His feet are not moving well in the crease, and is constantly playing across the line.\"When I met Sir Don Bradman in 1998-99 on his 90th birthday, he told me that it is natural for a batsman to change after he is 30. I have played quite well for 9 years after I turned 30. It is natural for any person to slow down as he grows older.'I WILL GO WITH WHAT MY HEART SAYS'What about retirement?I am 39 and I don't think I have plenty of cricket left in me. But it depends on my frame of mind and my physical ability to deliver. When I feel that I am not delivering what is needed, and then I will re-look at the scheme of things. I am already 39 and no one expects me to go on playing forever. I will go with what my heart says. There are two different things -- scoring runs and what I feel. For instance, if this three-wicket ordeal had happened when I was 25, no one would have questioned it. Incidentally, it happened when I am 39, so questions were raised. This is natural. But I am still the best judge of what happens to my mind and body. When I feel it is time, I will take a call. It is going to be a tough call nevertheless. It is going to be tough because this is what I have been doing all my life. It is going to be difficult to suddenly hang my boots one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681265", "title": "Adele: Skyfall", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore/mandya/mysore", "code": "16677459", "title": "Karnataka moves SC for stay on Cauvery order", "text": "BANGALORE/MANDYA/MYSORE: As farmers took centre stage by sidelining politicians, Karnataka filed a petition in the Supreme Court on Thursday seeking a stay on the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) directive to release 9,000 cusecs daily to Tamil Nadu until October 15.A week after the apex court directed Karnataka to abide by the CRA directive, Bangalore will face the heat of the protests on Friday with a spate of demonstrations and dharnas planned by all parties separately ahead of the Karnataka bandh on Saturday. Farmers' representative Kodihalli Chandrashekhar has threatened to block all highways in the state on Friday. The two teams from the Centre reached Karnataka and Tamil Nadu on Thursday to assess the water levels and the agricultural operations in both states.The team led by chief engineer Jacob will start touring the Cauvery basin projects in Karnataka from Friday. The Jacob team, comprising three experts, will tour the areas till Sunday. It will reach Maddur, where it will get down to business at 11am, and arrive at the KRS dam at 2.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680193", "title": "Battered baby case: Cops took 9 days to act", "text": "The death of battered baby Aahuti Joshi at one of the city's busiest municipal hospitals has highlighted the underlying problem of acknowledging medico-legal cases. Doctors at the KEM hospital involved the police in what they felt was a classic case of baby battering, but the cops took their time to act. In Aahuti's case, they reacted nine days after the first complaint was lodged.Doctors at KEM hospital claimed that when the toddler was brought at around 12.30am on September 24 in a critical condition, they suspected something was amiss. A scan showed she had fractures on both sides of her skull and blood clots. The doctors tried to get a medical history from the parents but got varying versions. Head of paediatrics Dr Mukesh Agarwal said the resident doctors immediately alerted the police chowky on the campus.When TOI spoke to personnel at the chowky, they said they passed on the information to Borivali police without delay. \"We told them that a baby was brought in with serious injuries. Normally, the respective police stations collect reports from the doctors within a few days of getting the information,\" said a policeman.The Borivali police took nine days. They also allowed the parents to visit their hometown a day after Aahuti died. In their defence, they claimed the KEM doctors had not alerted them about the seriousness of injuries early on.\"After Aahuti's death on October 1, we were only provided with a basic paper which said that she could have died of alleged battering and that the cause of death was kept pending histopathology reports. Doctors preferred to speak to the media instead, showing them the CT scan and autopsy report in great detail,\" said a senior official, explaining that the police could not have known about the grievous internal injuries unless doctors shared the details.\"We were given the autopsy reports and clinical findings on Wednesday, after which we immediately registered a case of murder. There was no delay on our part in taking action,\" he added.KEM's head of psychiatry Dr Shubhangi Parkar said there is an urgent need to sensitize the police about such cases. \"There's an assumption that parents, particularly mothers, can never harm their children. But there are certain mental illnesses that can lead to do drastic steps.\"Times View: Treat complaints seriously Battered babies seem to have followed abducted adults in becoming victims of cop apathy. The nine-day interim, between the first alert from doctors and the registration of the FIR, is a direct indictment of cop inaction. It shows cops have learnt no lesson from the Vijay Palande crimes, some of which could have been preempted had cops taken the first missing complaint (filed by Karankumar Kakkar's relatives) seriously. There's an urgent need to sensitise cops at police stations; as a confidencebuilding measure, it's no less important than visiting senior citizens' homes.CHILDREN OF A LESSER GODTHE AAHUTI CASESEPT 23Three-month-old Aahuti Joshi is brought to Shivani Medical Centre at Gorai by parents Kalpesh and Dharmishta. She isn't breathing. Doctors stabilize herSEPT 24She is admitted to KEM hospital, where the Shivani doctors referred her. KEM medics communicate to the police chowky on campus that baby has internal injuriesOCT 1Aahuti dies of cardio-respiratory failureOCT 2Parents leave for their hometown in Gujarat to conduct ritualsOCT 3Borivli police meet doctors at KEM hospital and collect autopsy report. Doctors say Aahuti suffered \"non-accidental\" injuries. Cops register FIR under Section 302 (murder), parents are prime suspectsOCT 4Kalpesh and Dharmishta return. They are summoned to Borivli police station for questioning. Also called are Kalpesh's sister, Sheetal, who stays with them, and an ayah who had been hired to massage AahutiDOCS VS COPSDoctors with the KEM hospital said the police could have been pro-active . \"The police need to be sensitized about the battered baby syndrome as many such cases with varying degrees of injuries are reported in public set-ups ,\" said a doctor The police complain that the doctors preferred to interact with the media after Aahuti's death rather than provide them with case details. \"The autopsy findings were shared with us only on Wednesday,\" a senior police official saidWHAT MEDICAL REPORTS SAY ABOUT INJURIES ON BABYInternal bleeding, showed by CT scan Multiple fractures on both sides of her skull and blood clots Abdominal injury, hinted at by ultrasonography AUTOPSY REPORTS SHOWED Extensive head injuries Rib fractures Cervical thoracic vertebrae dislocation Her liver, spleen and kidney have been preserved for histopathologyBABY'S FAMILYKalpesh and Dharmishta Joshi, natives of Kutch, stay at Srushti society, a chawl in Gorai's sector II. Kalpesh was a priest before taking up employment in the garment industry. Dharmishta is a housewife. They have a one-and-a-half-year-old daughter, Devahuti . Aahuti's twin sister died 12 days after birth We are an educated and cultured family and wouldn't ever think of hurting a child. We don't have the dowry custom in our community, so why wouldn't I want a girl child? I don't know how my child sustained the injuries \u2014Kalpesh Joshi AAHUTI'S FATHER", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677258", "title": "Kush's friends bravely testify in court against Ayush", "text": "NAGPUR: Two children, aged eight and nine, showed amazing poise in the witness box of the packed court during the hearing in the Kush Kataria kidnapping and murder case on Thursday to get their slain friend justice at a time of their life when they were merely expected to pass school's unit tests with flying colours.The two children endured the ordeal for around an hour each in the trial before district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte.Shubham Vaid (9) and Ridham Puria (8) appeared as prosecution witnesses 4 and 5 respectively. They recalled the chain of incidents of October 11 last year, replying confidently to questions from special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam. Later, the children also remained undaunted when defence counsel Amrish Sonak tried to drag them out of the prosecution's chain of events and establish contrary facts.Judge Akarte also took pains to patiently explain the defence questions to the children, make them comfortable, offered time for a break and ensured the proceedings did not overwhelm the minors. He also pulled up the defence a couple of times for cross examining the minors for omission in testimony, instead, suggesting such questions be kept for the investigation officer.Young Ridham's calm demeanour drew praise from all those in the court, including the family members of eight-year-old Kush, who was abducted and killed by Ayush Pugaliya.Shubham and Ridham, with negligible variations, said they were enjoying chips in the balcony of Kush's residence. They narrated how Kush was called by their neighbour 'Ayush bhaiyya', who took him away on his scooter. They both claimed to have seen Ayush speeding away with Kush. The children convincingly faced the defence questions and negated their argument that their vision was blocked from the balcony and there were others in the lane in front of Kush's residence apart from Ayush.The Pugaliya brothers remained nonchalant through the proceedings. Eldest Navin and younger Nitin, charged with destruction of evidence, seemed to be more attentive than their youngest brother Ayush, who is the main accused. Ayush's look was more of indifference. Both children identified him in the court in front of judge Akarte.On Friday, the court is slated to examine Kush's aunt Hema, cousin Priya, and Sneha Karnani. The two panch witnesses at the discovery of blood stained clothes would also be examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681122", "title": "Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana: Kikli Kalerdi Punjabi Version", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16675852", "title": "Old Amuasi terminal to handle international traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the Union Cabinet granted international status to the city's Amausi airport, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to dedicate the old terminal building for international operations. Closed for nearly five months now, the building is likely to reopen for international passengers by the second week of November. The new terminal building, on the other hand, will cater to the domestic passengers only.The airport, as of now, has an integrated status with domestic and international passengers flying from one terminal only. With this Lucknow airport will join the league of few airports in India, which have separate buildings for domestic and international operations.Airport director Suresh Hota said that the old terminal would be given a facelift within a month time. \"We are in the process of putting in place better conveyor belts having feeders, constructing better toilets and strengthening the security hold area (SHA),\" he said while speaking to TOI, adding \"We expect the job to be done by the second week of November.\"Spread over an area of around 6,000 square metres and having carrying capacity of 750 passengers during peak hours, the old building will surely give the much required additional space to AAI in terms of passenger facilities. It will also allow it to bring in more operators, both domestic and international, especially in the wake of government allowing more foreign direct investment in the aviation sector.International operations from Lucknow are only restricted to west Asian countries, with a majority of flyers either being workers or pilgrims. In fact, the Amausi authorities allowed Haj pilgrims to fly from old terminal buildings last month.Sources said that the Amausi airport authorities are looking up to aviation companies in South-East Asia and South Asia to operate to and from Lucknow. Hota said that the existing Buddhist circuit in the state could give an impetus to connectivity between Lucknow and Thailand and Sri Lanka .Interestingly, it was only last year when the AAI experimented by allowing Nepal-based Buddha Air to operate from Lucknow. However, following a poor response, the services had to be abandoned in less than four months. Airlines sources said that if at all there are any chances of bringing in international operators from south-east Asia, then they might have to route themselves from Delhi or Mumbai to ensure sustainability.At the same time, the new terminal building will have its space increased significantly, as almost half of the space on the ground floor is dedicated to custom clearance and other facilities meant for international passengers. This area may be used completely for domestic passengers whose number has been rising significantly over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677866", "title": "Dengue cases drop in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Call it an effective implementation of policies by the health department or a declining mosquito breeding rate, only five dengue cases have been reported so far this year in the city. The number is considerably low compared to cities in the adjoining states of Maharashtra and Gujarat that are seeing a sudden spurt of dengue after brief spell of rains.The recent dengue case reported with the health department in the city was just three days back. District health officer Dr G L Sodhi said, \"One patient was reported positive three days back. He was admitted to a private hospital and is now discharged.\"According to the figures compiled by health department, since January three patients have been confirmed afflicted with the disease while two are from adjoining cities. Though dengue is still not a disease which seems to worry health department officials, Malaria is keeping them on toes. A large number of 227 patients have been confirmed bitten by the mosquito while its serious form which affects brain functioning and leads to death has affected 44 patients so far in district. \"After rain the number of patients found affected with malaria always shoots up. Even in urban areas mosquito gets conducive environment for breeding. We are expecting more such patients when the weather gets a little cold,\" said district malaria officer Dr M C Jinwal. He also advised people to take precautionary measures.In Mumbai, 189 cases were confirmed this month. This year also witnessed more people afflicted with dengue than that in the past two years; this year's count so far is 451, while the numbers were 416 in 2011 and 115 in 2010. Dengue toll in Mumbai has been restricted to three all these years. In Ahemdabad, the cases of dengue registered till August last year were 283. The number has increased to 439 cases this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16678916", "title": "Russia backs Pakistan fury on US drones", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Visiting Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov on Thursday backed Pakistan's position on American drone attacks in the country's tribal regions, saying such strikes violate Islamabad's \"sovereignty and integrity''.\"It is not right to violate the sovereignty and integrity of any state. We fully support Pakistan's stance,\" Lavrow said at a joint press conference with his Pakistani counterpart, Hina Rabbani Khar , who described the strikes as \"illegal'' and \"counter-productive''.Lavrov's two-day visit to Islamabad coincides with that of Pakistani army chief Ashfaq Pervez Kayani's trip to Moscow. Observers say the two countries are trying improving ties due to Islamabad's troubled relationship with the US.On India-Pakistan ties, Lavrov said that the two countries are capable of resolving issues on their own. \"Russia welcomes the efforts of the two countries to resume dialogue and the steps towards confidence building measures.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677281", "title": "Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth senate allows VC to decide on NMC request for land", "text": "NAGPUR: Senate members on Thursday empowered vice chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) SS Dani to decide on handing over three prime lands to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for development of a bus stand and parking depot for city buses.Sources said it is a positive development for the corporation, since the VC is very positive on the issue. Recently, civic chief Shyam Wardhane met PDKV officials and asked them to give three pieces of land; behind Morbhavan, on Amravati road and at Dhabha. Of these prime plots, the civic body intends to develop a bus stand for city bus services on 3.56 acre behind Morbhavan, said Wardhane.He added that the Dhaba land will be used to park the buses. In fact, if given to the civic body, the plots off Amravati Road and at Dhaba can be put to better use as today they are prone to encroachment. Now, the ball is in the court of vice-chancellor Dani.The Starbus operations may improve to a great extent if Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) gets the 3.56 acre land of Punjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) to develop its bus stand. However, PDKV official said they are yet to take any decision.Meanwhile, NMC's standing committee meeting scheduled to be convened on Friday will once again discuss the civic administration's proposal to start pay and park system in Sitabuldi market road. Due to opposition from independent corporator Ganesh Pokulwar, the standing committee could not take any decision last time. To reduce congestion and provide parking space in the bustling market area, NMC had proposed to start pay and park.The meet will also decide on a proposal to start collecting Rs10 from hawkers across the city, construction of compound wall along some portion of Futala lake and construction of cement road between Bhawsar Bhavan to Harmony Hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679135", "title": "Bhujbal takes Pawar's place", "text": "MUMBAI: The new hierarchy in the state cabinet following Ajit Pawar's departure last week became evident on Thursday. At the first cabinet meeting since Pawar's exit, public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal sat on the chair to the immediate left of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, a place Pawar previously occupied.Although the NCP chose not to nominate a new deputy chief minister, the question of who in the party would take Pawar's slot was of great interest to political observers. The toss-up was between Bhujbal, the senior most cabinet minister, and R R Patil.The pecking order decided, NCP ministers made several attempts to corner Chavan, but were thwarted by Congress ministers.The first salvo came from the finance minister , NCP's Jayant Patil, who raised the issue of bureaucratic vacancies in the Vidharbha region. Chavan heads the general administration department (GAD), which is responsible for postings. NCP ministers Anil Deshmukh and R R Patil complained of similarly high vacancies in backward districts such as Gadchiroli.Their attack, however, was blunted by Congress ministers Nitin Raut and Balasaheb Thorat. Congress' Narayan Rane pointed out that other backward areas, including the Konkan belt, had similar problems. Adopting an aggressive stand, Chavan observed that often ministers and politicians pushed for stays on postings. He directed chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia to review the vacancies across the state and make a presentation in the next cabinet meet.NCP minister Jaidutta Kshirsagar then raised the issue of \"delays\" in the release of drinking water from Ahmednagar (where Congress holds sway) to the water-scarce Aurangabad region. A panel on Wednesday had decided to release up to 10 TMC water to Aurangabad.Chavan was quick to put the onus on the NCP. Saying that water scarcity also existed in a few other districts, the CM directed water resources minister Sunil Tatkare to convene a review meeting in two days and decide on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16679321", "title": "Fake debit card racket busted, 5 from Mumbai held", "text": "VADODARA: The special operations group (SOG) busted a major racket of fake debit and credit cards and arrested five people on Thursday. All the five accused are from Mumbai and were in Gujarat for past few days.The SOG had received a tip-off about the accused following which they kept an eye near Amitnagar Circle on Thursday. The accused, who were passing from the area in a black car, were intercepted by the police and arrested.The cops recovered 546 blank ATM cards and 167 debit cards with data from the accused. Two members of their gang have been declared as wanted. The police said that the accused used to prepare debit cards by feeding data of unsuspecting customers in it.\"The accused must be stealing data of victims by hacking websites. The data was then fed in blank cards through sophisticated machines and then the cards were used for shopping or withdrawing money. It is a high-profile racket,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma.The accused have been identified as Nitin Igle, resident of Bandra, Mazhar Ali Saiyyad, resident of Mira Road, Satish Manga, resident of Santa Cruz, Mohammed Mohsin Salmani, resident of Bharti Yard Complex and Suraj Dantani, resident of Santa Cruz. All of them were in Gujarat to do shopping using the fake cards.The cops have seized all the cards along with card-swiping writer, electronic card system printer, a laptop and some garments purchased by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677663", "title": "Youths to help cops with puja security", "text": "RANCHI: The district police will involve local youths in helping them maintain law and order during Durga Puja. The district police will re-start 'Police Mitra' or 'Friends of Police', a police-people connect initiative, before this Durga Puja. The move is aimed at better policing during the mega festival and thereafter. Ranchi range IG M S Bhatia said the move would also ensure a crime-free Durga Puja.Bhatia said, \"It works as an effective instrument in policing. It is the locals who can tell police how to be more efficient. Communication with common man is crucial in curbing crime.\" It would help police tame criminals and sale of narcotics in areas where Durga Puja is celebrated in a big way. A series of crime incidents in the last couple of weeks have alarmed police and they have made an elaborate arrangement to ensure that there are no untoward incidents during the festival.In Ranchi, Durga Puja is celebrated on a huge scale. There are a total of 137 puja committees who organize a grand celebration and construct splendid pandals. \"Street plays would also start before Durga Puja,\" said Bhatia.Bhatia along with city SP Vipul Shukla and traffic SP C S Prasad held a meeting in Kantatoli through which police solicited support from locals for a hassle-free Durga Puja. The move was also aimed at bringing different communities together for the celebration. A large number of people from the minority community also participated in the meeting.Prasad said more traffic police would be deployed during the puja days. Kantatoli and Circular Road, which witness jam-packed roads on a regular day, are worse on the puja days. Kantatoli is the entry point of Ranchi and thus its traffic scenario adds to the woes of the commuters. The inter-district and state bus stands also operate from here making the traffic situation nightmarish.\"Auto stoppages would be checked at Kantatoli. We will run a campaign against the sale of illicit drugs during the festivals,\" Prasad said.Md Moin Tiranga, a local, complained to the police that the trade of illicit drugs is flourishing at Kantatoli. \"It is from here that the drugs are supplied to different parts of the city,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16682596", "title": "Navy's firing range proposal shot down by environment ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry has rejected the Navy's proposal to set up a missile testing site at Tillanchong Sanctuary in Andaman and Nicobar islands, saying the firing range would destroy the habitat of endangered bird species Nicobar Megapode.\"The habitat of the megapode should not be disturbed and the missile firing range should not come up in that area,\" environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan said at a programme organised to mark the wildlife week here.Later talking to reporters, the minister said it was a \"very very difficult decision\" for her to reject the proposal for setting up a temporary facility at the ecologically sensitive island as \"it involves security and missile range is important\" for the country's defence.Tillanchong island in the Nicobars is important for the Nicobarese people and endemic wildlife.She said the reason why she rejected the proposal is that the \"the megapode actually does not exist anywhere and it is a very unique species\".\"It is too sensitive to withstand any such installation over there and as environment minister it is my mandate to make sure that wildlife, flora and fauna of our country are protected. So, it is an extremely hard decision but I decided that it is my mandate and I should stay with it,\" Natarajan said.The Nicobar Megapode is found in some of the Nicobar Islands. Being restricted to small islands and threatened by hunting, the species is vulnerable to extinction. Population of the species on some islands is believed to have been wiped out in the 2004 tsunami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678096", "title": "Folk art latest fad in children\u2019s books", "text": "CHENNAI: When Shamim Padamsee, an author of children's books decided to take a look at titles stocked by libraries and schools for children, she was shocked. \"They had mostly imported books,\" says the Mumbai-based author. Two years ago, she decided to launch a website to review Indian books for children.\"I feel children should grow up with our culture and need to connect with it at a young age,\" says Padmasee, speaking at Prakrit Art Gallery, which, along with World Craft Council (WCC) is conducting the 'The Craft of Reading'. The exhibition, which showcases various Indian folk art and craft traditions that have been used to illustrate children's books, is part of the events being held to coincide with WCC's international craft summit and is on till October 10.\"Drawing upon Indian art and craft to illustrate books has caught on as a fad amongst publishers,\" says Radhika Menon, publisher of Chennai-based Tulika. \"It is visually very attractive.\" Since the root of folk art lies in oral storytelling, there is a connection between it and picture books, she says.Publishing houses like Tara Books work with traditional, folk and adivasi artists to bring in art traditions.\"We sometimes use art from a certain tradition as illustration; sometimes the art is featured as it is, as something which expresses the artist's sense of the world,\" says V Geetha of Tara. In 1995, for instance, they brought out 'The Very Hungry Lion' featuring Warli art. Other titles include 'Beasts of India', featuring representations of animals from different traditions, by artists from those traditions.'The London Jungle Book' by Bhajju Shyam presents a Gond view of one of the greatest cities of the world in art. \"In addition to the gallery and the craft bazaar, the book is a space for these art forms to communicate, and grow,\" says Geetha.Writers, illustrators and publishers often work closely with traditional artists to create books. Nina Sabnani's 'Stitching Stories', uses Kutch embroidery. It traces the personal journeys of the embroiderers and also draws attention to the art.Tulika's more recent offering, 'Where's the Sun?', was inspired by the detail on a Warli canvas. In fact, Warli artist Janu Bhiva Ravate made a huge painting to encompass a story that was penned after seeing his earlier paintings online. Parts of this canvas were then extracted to create the book.\"Children read very little these days and the ones who do, read popular foreign titles. So our children are growing up on a menu of books that have no connect to their roots and heritage. That is why it is important to connect children to books that reflect their identity and are rooted in their heritage,\" says Padamsee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677280", "title": "Maharashtra irrigation scam: Nitin Gadkari lands in hot water", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday found himself at the centre of yet another controversy over a letter he wrote to the Union water resources ministry seeking release of funds for an irrigation project in Maharashtra in which an associate of his is said to be a contractor.The Gosikhurd project is embroiled in an alleged scam involving NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who quit recently in the wake of charges of corruption on which the BJP had mounted a big campaign.Gadkari had written to water resources minister P K Bansal on July 30 asking him to clear the dues of the contractors involved in the project, though no names were mentioned.\"Due to non-payment of the dues, the contractors stop their works. This may delay the programme and would also result in time overrun and delays in creation of irrigation potential. Presently liability of Rs 400 crore is pending,\" the letter said. The BJP chief's detractors claimed that it was aimed at benefiting his associate Ajay Sancheti.Gadkari defended his action, saying he had asked the Centre to release funds for the Gosikhurd project to help the farmers and not for the benefit of any contractor close to him.\"I wrote a letter to Bansal and will write ten more... It was done in the interest of the farmers of Maharashtra, to prevent farmer suicides in Vidarbha,\" Gadkari told reporters in Mumbai.BJP spokesperson Prakash Javedekar, who, incidentally, is reported to have written a letter similar to the one sent by Gadkari, said that \"it is clear that no contractor's name is mentioned in the letter\".\"The issue is that a central government project is pending and it should be completed,\" Javadekar said.But Congress leader Digvijay Singh , against whom Gadkari had issued a legal notice over allegations related to the coal block allocation scam, was quick to latch on the issue and describe the BJP chief as \"more of a businessman than a politician\".\"It is clear that he (Gadkari) was interested in contractors getting their money which they don't deserve,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678359", "title": "Cop commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A 51-year-old head constable, attached to the Armed Reserve Police committed suicide in his house at Madurai on Thursday.The constable was on medical leave for the past three months, police said. Police suspect multiple reasons to be the reason for his decision to commit suicide including depression. The constable was identified as Gurusamy. The victim hanged himself when his family members were away from the house.\"The constable was badly in need of money. His aged mother had promised to give him a piece of land. But she refused to transfer the ownership in his name and insisted that she would only give it to Gurusamy's children. He was dejected as he was desperate for money. That was one reason why he did not report properly to duty and was on medical leave,\" police said. Police said that denial of land by his mother led to frequent quarrels in the family.In fact, Gurusamy had written a letter to his wife on October 2 saying that he was disappointed over the land dispute. His son has also been selected in police recruitment and was awaiting medical fitness test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nasirabad (ajmer)", "code": "16679692", "title": "Not a class act: Ajmer rocked again by students\u2019 protest", "text": "NASIRABAD (AJMER): About 100 students of the Jawahar Navodiya Vidhalya at Nandala , near Nasirabad, resorted to vandalism early on Thursday morning and damaged six cars, broke streetlights and blocked the Nasirabad- Beawer highway for hours. Students continuously pelted stones and also jeered the administrative officials and police who came to counsel them. Police registered a criminal case against nine students of Class X and XII for destroying public property, blocking the roads and also hindering government work. Parents also reached school after the news broke. The school principal initiated an inquiry and formed a three member committee. The IB department and the school committee's preliminary reports suggest that students were \"instigated\" by some group of teachers. Several other educational institutes were put on alert mode. JNV are run by ministry of HRD and one of the best CBSE schools. These are residential schools and only the best and talented students get admission to these schools. About 10 to 15 students planned an agitation and provoked other students, \"Around 3 am they came out and began hurling stones at the residences of principal S K maheshwari and other staff members . They damaged six cars and also broke streetlights,\" said Maheshwari. When the staff and other members came out, students pelted stones on them too. They were shouting slogans against the principal and demanding to resolve their demands. Students jammed the road, sat on the road and threw stones at vehicles. Police along with the sub-divisional officer reached the spot to control the situation but students also \"attacked\" them. The vandalism went on for hours and around 8 am, police brought the situation under control. \"They wanted to discuss the issue with the commissioner of JNV organization. The students were adamant and stuck to their demand,\" said police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16677212", "title": "'Stop coal handling in Vasco'", "text": "VASCO: The government has assured the people of Vasco that it would favourably consider their demand to stop all handling of coal in Vasco.The government is not agreeable to coal handling, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar at a public meeting held at the Mormugao municipal council to discuss the issue of coal pollution in Vasco on Thurday.Residents of Vasco and surrounding areas have long been demanding an end to coal handling in the port city. Coal handling has recently been stopped at the MPT berths 10 and 11 following orders from the Goa state pollution control board.Vasco resident Bharat Kamat said, \"We don't want coal in Vasco. Neither in berths 10 and 11 nor in the other berths.\" Kamat said that \"people in Vasco have died of lung cancer , my mother is one of them\". Stating that the city was choked as it was surrounded by various defence establishments, the MPT and the airport, Kamat said \"there is no breathing space for Vascokars\".He called for \"an ordinance to stop coal handling in the city, like was done earlier to save a hotel (Cidade de Goa, by the previous government)\".Another Vasco resident Peter Andrade said \"the Jindal Steel plant in Karnataka was getting coal through Goa as Karwar was not allowing coal through its port\".Urging Parrikar to stop coal from being brought to Vasco, Andrade said, \"During your last tenure you gave us freedom from the sex trade in Baina. This tenure we want freedom from coal. Anything having a negative effect on society should be stopped.\"Locals present for the meeting could be heard shouting \"no coal\", at certain points during the meeting.Uday Nagarsekar, a doctor, said, \"Please make Vasco port a green port, not a black port.\"Another resident, Paresh Joshi said \"political will (was) needed\" to rid Vasco of coal pollution.Mormugao bachao abhiyan convenor Simon Periera suggested that an opinion poll be conducted in Vasco on the issue as that will make the government realise that the people were against coal handling in Vasco. Pereira later told Parrikar to \"tell the RTO and the Vasco traffic police to monitor truck movement\".After hearing out the locals, Parrikar said he would hear all the stakeholders on the issue. \"I will hear the truckers also as they need a livelihood too,\" Parrikar said. He also went on to state \"what the majority supports doesn't apply to me. Majority may say we support drugs or prostitution. Can I allow it?\"\"I understand people's livelihood. I also understand coal compulsions,\" he said. Parrikar said that \"since the (Mormugao) port was near the (Vasco city), they (MPT) cannot expand indiscriminately\". At one point, while portraying a sympathetic front to the locals present for the meeting, Parrikar said, \"Let this port handle different cargo.\"\"Those who want to handle coal can go 10 kms into the sea. They can pack the coal and bring it by transhipper,\" Parrikar suggested. Urging Vascokars \"to be patient on the issue\", Parrikar said he will \"work on this issue in a phased manner\". When asked by which date the issue would be resolved, Parrikar refused to provide a date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677781", "title": "ED attaches Jagan\u2019s property worth Rs 51 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: YSR Congress president Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy's troubles seem to be far from over.Months after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed four chargesheets against the son of former Andhra Pradesh chief minister Y S R Reddy, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday attached his properties worth Rs 51 crore in connection with a money laundering case.The properties attached belong to Jagati Publications and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, both owned by Jagan.Similar orders have been issued against two companies, Hetero Drugs Ltd and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd, which have invested in Jagan's firms.The total value of attached properties, declared as proceeds of crime by the ED, is Rs 51 crore.The development means Jagan will not be able to utilize any of these properties or their proceeds till the attachment order is in force.According to the chargesheets, the father-son duo indulged in doling out public properties, licences, granting of projects, SEZs, mining leases, ports and real estate permission to various companies in violation of norms.In return, these firms bought shares in different companies floated by Jagan at unsubstantiated premiums. CBI has stated this was done with a \"clear understanding of quid-pro-quo\", where Jagan received illegal gratification amounting to thousands of crores.The chargesheets were filed against Jagan, his political advisor Vijay Sai Reddy , several bureaucrats, such as K Nityanand Reddy, P Sarath Chandra Reddy, B P Acharya, Y V Lakshmi Prasad, P S Chandramouli and M Srinivas Reddy, and some companies such as Aurobindo Group, Hetero Group, Trident Life Sciences Ltd, Jagati Publications and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd.According to ED, the probe revealed that as a result of the criminal conspiracy, Hetero Drugs Ltd and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd were illegally benefited by Rs 8.60 crore each in the allotment of 75 acres of land at low rates by the Andhra Pradesh government. Trident Life Sciences Ltd also illegally benefited by Rs 4.30 crore in the allotment of 30.33 acres of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679031", "title": "Three of family found murdered at Udaybaug", "text": "PUNE: A woman, her daughter-in-law and two-year-old granddaughter were found brutally murdered at their flat in the upmarket Udaybaug area on B T Kawade road, Mundhwa, on Thursday night. Police suspect robbery as the motive behind the gruesome murders as 70 gms of gold and Rs 7,000 cash were found missing from the house.The deceased \u2014 Shobha Masalkar (50), her daughter-in-law Archana (25) and Archana's daughter Kimaya \u2014 lived in a one BHK flat on the ground floor of a three-storeyed building in Champaratna housing society. Archana's husband, Vishwajeet, who is employed in the housekeeping department of a private company at Yerawada, had left for work around 3 pm. He returned home at 8.30 pm to find the bodies of his mother and wife lying in one room and that of his daughter in another room.The police also suspect that the robbers attacked Madhusudan Kulkarni (76), neighbour of the Masalkars. Kulkarni, a retired railway employee, sustained head injuries and has been admitted to the Sassoon hospital. \"It is not clear how he was injured. He has become disoriented and is not in a position to tell us what happened,\" said Vitthal Pawar, assistant commissioner of police, Wanowrie division.The police said Kulkarni lived in the adjoining one BHK flat. \"The Masalkars used to live in Shinde Vasti in Wanowrie but bought the flat eight years ago with help from Kulkarni as Shobha was working as his caretaker,\" Pawar said.Initial investigations have revealed that Shobha, Archana and Kimaya were throttled to death. Shobha and Archana were also stabbed.A neighbour who spoke to TOI said she did not notice anything amiss nor did she hear any noise. \"It was raining heavily in the afternoon so it was difficult to hear anything,\" she said, adding that she did not know the Masalkars well.Deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Manoj Patil said Kulkarni's condition is stable. \"The housing society did not have a security guard. We also suspect that hard and blunt objects were used to attack the victims,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679154", "title": "'White paper in winter session'", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik argued on Thursday that the white paper on irrigation projects can be issued only during the state assembly's winter session in December.Malik said water resources minister Sunil Tatkare had assured the state legislature during the monsoon session that the white paper would be placed before it in the next session. \"The report is now the propriety of the House,\" the NCP spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677742", "title": "'Take decision on APMC member'", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay high court has ordered the state marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil to take a decision within two weeks over the dismissal of Devidas Pingle as member of Nashik Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC).Panditrao Katad-Patil, another member of APMC, Nashik, had challenged Radhakrishna's jurisdiction of marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patilfor staying the deputy district registrar's (DDR) orders dismissing Pingle as an APMC member under the provisions of rule 41.After hearing the arguments, the high court on September 26, 2012 ruled: \"The revision application or proceedings pending before the minister shall be decided by him within a period of two weeks from the date of receipt of the copy of this order. If that objection was rejected or not considered, then the petitioner (Katad-Patil) can urge that the minister has no jurisdiction.\" SC Dharmadhikari wrote the order.Pandit-Katad said that Pingle was accused of carrying out constructions which were not approved and awarding construction contracts of the APMC to the firm which he and his family members were the share-holders or partners in.\"It was after follow-ups and hunger strike that an enquiry was conducted which revealed the truth and hence DDR Bajirao Shinde ordered Pingle's dismissal,\" Katad-Patil said.Pingle however rushed to Vikhe-Patil who stayed the orders of the DDR. Katad-Patil then filed petition in HC claiming that the minister had no right to stay orders of DDR. in case of action under section 41(1,i) to which the court asked Katad-Patil to raise the issue with the minister and if unsatisfied he could challenge the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677235", "title": "Clean Qazipur, Chak Bhatai wards within 3 days: Mayor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mayor Abhilasha Gupta inspected wards Qazipur and Chak Bhatai of the city on Thursday. She was accompanied by local corporators. In the area of corporator Rajeshwari Devi, excessive silt was found in the drain and cleanliness scenario of the locality was pathetic. Due to the filling of silt, even the flow of water has stopped in the drains and it has spilled on the roads. Further, piles of garbage were strewn in the whole locality.Even the residents of the area have encroached the drains due to which water is overflowing on the roads. The street lights of the area are also not working.In the area of Dilip Jaiswal, the lanes and roads were in dilapidated condition. The drains were filled with silt and the culverts were found in broken condition. At the Refugee Colony crossing, drain water was overflowing on the roads. The drain across Guru Nanak/ Ramnagar Road was found filled with silt and the drain was also broken at many points.Drain water was also found overflowing at Pura Fateh Mohammad locality as the culvert was found broken. The condition of street lights was also pathetic as most of them were fused.Expressing displeasure over the poor cleanliness scenario, mayor Abhilasha Gupta directed sanitary inspector Rajveer Singh to clean the above wards within three days. She also instructed for removing the silt form the drains. She also directed engineer of the street light department SN Pandey for replacing all the fused street lights in the inspected areas.Appoint more sanitary workers, corporators tell AMC: A section of corporators protested at the Allahabad Municipal Corporation on Thursday demanding better civic amenities ahead of the festive season. They also handed over a memorandum to the municipal commissioner. The corporators demanded repair of roads and recruitment of additional sanitary workers to ensure cleanliness in the city.The said in view of passing of the resolution passed by the Sadan, house owners of the old houses should be given concession of 25%, 32% and 40% in house tax in accordance with the law. They also demanded that in view of the deteriorating civic amenities efforts should be made for sanctioning work of about Rs 5 lakh in each ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16677524", "title": "IMT industrialists protest against Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation demand", "text": "GURGAON: Industrialists of IMT Manesar took to the streets on Thursday morning protesting against demand of the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (HSIIDC) that the plot owners pay extra cash on old allotments.Those who have industrial or residential plots registered in their names have been asked to pay additional Rs 3,552 for every square metre of their plots. According to industrialists, this will contribute to e retrospective monetary compensations being handed out to farmers, from whom the land was acquired. The compensation amount was hiked by the Supreme Court recently and the HSIIDC has been ordered to pay off. \"HSIIDC has conveniently passed the tab to the plot owners here. Each allottee has been asked to pay this money within a period of 30 days from the date of demand,\" said an industrialist.Around 500 protesters gathered in the industrial area and made their way to the corporation's main offices. \"This is equivalent to blackmail. HSIIDC is asking for interest money also now. And that, too, dating back all the way to 1994, when the plots were not even allotted. Instead of the legitimate Rs 400 per square metre, we are being asked to pay more than Rs 3,500 per square metre,\" said Manoj Tyagi, general secretary, IMT Industrial Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16677959", "title": "Water hyacinth covers the serene Vembanad Lake", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The all pervading water hyacinth in Vembanad Lake is giving the tourism industry, the fishermen and the boat passengers a tough time.The Chinese net operators in Kuttanad, Thanneermukkom and Muhamma area have stopped catching fish as their fishing nets have been getting damaged due to the weeds.\"We have to spend a huge amount for repairing the net,\" said Chandrababu, a fisherman in Thanneermukkom.This aquatic plant is also giving resort and houseboat owners a severe headache.\"We are unable to operate our houseboats because of the weed. This will adversely affect tourism,\" said A T Unni, owner of Sree Vasudev houseboat. \"Immediate steps should be taken to remove this plant from the waterways. It will otherwise hit the boat services of the state water transport department (SWTD). We operate nearly 30 boats in the district. The services from Muhamma, Thavanakadavu, Perumbalam and Edatua will be disrupted because boats will develop mechanical problems with water hyacinth clogging their propellers,\" said SWTD director Shaji V Nair.\"The government had entrusted the job of removing the weeds from Vembanad Lake to the fisheries resource management society (Firma) under the Kuttanad Package. Firma uses mechanical devices to remove these weeds. It has not yet found a permanent solution to the problem,\" said district panchayat president Pratibha Hari.According to experts who conducted studies on water hyacinth, this plant cannot be eradicated completely from our water bodies. \"Its fast growth rate coupled with the excessive use (by farmers) of fertilizers, which are released into the water bodies leading to eutrophication or nutrient enrichment, are the major hindrances to the complete eradication of the weed,\" said G Nagendra Prabhu, associate professor, SD College, Alappuzha.Prof Prabhu is also the principal investigator of the Kerala state council for science, technology and environment (KSCSTE) and also a member of the expert committee constituted by the state in 2009 for suggesting strategies for eradication of water hyacinth. \"Mosquito-borne diseases like Japanese encephalitis and dengue fever are attributed to aquatic weeds like water hyacinth,\" said Prabhu, who has been researching on the plant for the past 13 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678841", "title": "High on music with patriotic fervour", "text": "LUDHIANA: They instill patriotic fervour in their songs to inspire youngsters, and messages of bravery of the Sikh Gurus resonate in their lyrics. Even though music is not an official subject in this college, the 'Music Club' here is striking the right notes.Commerce, sciences or humanities, students from all streams have come together to create a cluster of music lovers who spend hours composing inspirational music. Meet the singers and musicians at DAV college, Sector 10, who have represented the city at state and national levels. \"There are several flavours in the club. Some are folk singers and some churn out spiritual messages of the Gurus to inspire society,\" says Ashiv Bashist, a student of BSc-I.Bashist is a qawwali artist and idolizes veteran Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan .\"There was a performance related to drug abuse in our colleges, where my song to motivate youths to keep from narcotics was well received. The way music can touch their hearts nothing else can,\" says Nisha Kainth, who has been a three-time winner in the zonal youth fest even though she does not have music as a subject. A kavishri singer herself who has also won an award for folk singing, Nisha has been narrating the messages of the Gurus through her songs. She has clinched best vocalist awards at several events. \"There are several students for whom music is life. When others hang out in college canteen, we gather in the music room for practice,\" says Nisha.The DAV club has been the birthplace of several student rock bands.Ranvir, another student of the college who was qualified in a show of a Punjabi channel and has been a popular face on a government-run channel, has won several awards and vows to keep his college flag high.Another student of the club, Cherub Dhingra of BBA-III, is a composer and singer. He has composed and sung eight songs and is already listed on a popular music website. His most popular songs include 'Aaja Sohniye' and 'Chandigarh Diyan Kudian'.Others in this group include Surinder, Bhanu Dutt, Vishal, Rupinder Singh, Dharmaveer, Navdeep and Gurpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16681423", "title": "Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi not keen to renew partnership with Rohan Bopanna", "text": "LAHORE: Adopting a once bitten twice shy approach, Pakistan tennis ace Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi is reluctant to renew his partnership with India's Rohan Bopanna , who parted ways with him last year.The 'Express Tribune' reported that Aisam had turned down Bopanna's request insisting that his partnership with Dutchman Jean-Julien Rojer is working well.Bopanna, who parted ways with Aisam at the end of last year and paired up with Mahesh Bhupathi keeping the London Olympics in mind, approached Aisam for next season but the Pakistani seemed reluctant to resume the partnership even though he is still undecided.\"Bopanna is a friend and I love to play with him but right now I am concentrating on making it to the London Masters,\" Aisam said.\"Right now my priority is to make it back into the top-eight and Rojer is working equally hard with me. We've found our way and I don't think I would want to change that.\"This year, Aisam has won tournaments in Halle and Estoril while also reaching the semi-finals of the US Open.\"It's always about the team first and I am able to meet all the goals with Rojer. Last year was tricky and I respected Bopanna's wish but for now I am concentrating on the job at hand. So far my coach thinks that I can achieve the desired results with Rojer so I am sticking to that.\"Since the split, Aisam has managed to keep his ranking in the top-15 doubles players. Currently, he is 13th while Bopanna, who has been banned from representing India in the Davis Cup by the country's tennis federation, is 15th.The highlight of Aisam and Bopanna's partnership was when the duo reached the US Open final in 2010 where it lost to Bryan brothers.\"I'm extremely clear about my goals and I know I am working towards making it to the top. Rojer and I had our struggles but we have improved as a team with every tournament so I have to think in terms of results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677409", "title": "Indian courts to become paperless, says Khurshid", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A move was afoot to computerise all courts across the country and do away with paper work which occupies a lot of space, Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid said here on Thursday.\"Paperless courts would go a long way in achieving the objectives of the National Mission for Delivery of Justice. Already, there are at least 10 courts in Delhi where judges do not have to carry voluminous records to their homes. Tiny pen drives have replaced huge, bulky folders in these courts\", he told reporters.\"We expect the process to be completed in Uttar Pradesh in two years. However, availability of power is a major issue in the state and we hope to find a way out,\" he said.\"The government is also sensitive towards the fact that digitisation of the legal process may put young, struggling lawyers at a disadvantage as they might not have the purchasing power to invest in computers or laptops. I am planning to take up the matter with my cabinet colleague Kapil Sibal who is behind the specially-designed Akash tablets which are available to students for just two thousand rupees. I will request him to consider developing a similar device for lawyers,\" Khurshid said. The Law Minister also said he was in favour of raising the age of retirement of judges. \"Our Supreme Court judges retire at the age of 65. In the High Courts it is 62. In Britain, judges retire at the age of 75. The US does not even have any age of retirement for its judges.\"I do not see any reason why our judicial officers must not be allowed to serve longer, especially when in their profession experience is so crucial. However, this would require a Constitutional amendment. I look forward to raising the matter in the Parliament,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16679553", "title": "Second set of jumbos arrive, whisked away for rehearsals", "text": "Mysore: Minutes after the second batch of elephants arrived in Mysore on Thursday, they were taken for rehearsals. Six elephants Vikrama, Harsha, Gopalswamy, Kaveri, Chaitra and Kanthi were welcomed by performing puja at the Mysore Palace campus. The second batch of elephants will join six others including Howdah elephant Balarama which came to Mysore a month ago. Veterinarian D N Nagaraj said Chaitra and Kanthi came from Bandipur, Vikrama, Harsha and Kaveri from Dubare and Gopalswamy from Thithimathi elephant camp. The vet said the elephants had reached safely and were healthy. Soon after their arrival, the jumbos were taken for a rehearsal. They went up to Visvesvaraya circle and returned to the palace, which will be their home until the end of Dasara. These elephants are used for only religious purpose during festival season and as 'Salane,' (elephants which follow lead-elephant). Two of the female elephants, also called 'Kumki' elephants, will accompany howdah elephant on either side to keep the tusker in good humour through the procession. It is the first Dasara for 30-year-old Gopalswamy. He on Thursday looked composed and officials are pinning hopes on this new assignment. Among the 12 elephants which will take part in the procession, the oldest is Kanthi, who is 72 years. This is her ninth Dasara festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678017", "title": "Granite scam: Alagiri son\u2019s office raided", "text": "MADURAI: Cops raided the office of Cloud Nine, a film production company owned by Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi, in Madurai on Thursday in connection with the granite scam.A special team from Madurai, formed to nab the accused in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying case, visited Chennai and searched Dayanidhi's office at T Nagar.Police officers were tightlipped about the search and possible seizure of documents. The search lasted for about three hours and some employees were questioned.\"It was part of the ongoing operation to arrest all the accused in the granite scam. We will continue to raid suspected hideouts in the co-ming days,\" said a police officer.According to the police, Dayanidhi was a partner in Olympus Granites, which has been accused of illegally quarrying granite worth Rs 44 crore in Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678823", "title": "Zardari\u2019s sister on a shopping spree in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a day dedicated to shopping as Faryal Talpur, the sister of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , went about Ludhiana's famous stores on Thursday.Accompanied by Ramesh Lal (a member of Pakistani Legislative Assembly), Sheikh Waqqas Akram (federal minister for education and training) and senator Saeed Ghani (chairman, Senate Functional Committee on Government Assurances), she went to a few other places for buying saris and woollen clothes.Sonu Nilibar, owner of a showroom at Mall Road, was the first one to receive them. While shopping, Talpur and other visitors was seen relishing 'besan ki barfi', 'malai kee barfi' and 'gol gappas'.\"We offered her sweets after which she wished to have something 'karara' so we got 'gol gappe' for her and others who had accompanied her. It was a pleasure to host them, though for a short duration,\" said Sonu.Talpur also bought chicken-work Lakhnavi suits and Jamavar suits specially made from handwoven Banarsi silk.While she was absorbed in admiring the Pashmina shawls, other visitors from the neighbouring state bought books on Mahatma Gandhi , wildlife and some other magazines at the nearby book shop.Later, when the guest visited the outlet of a garment factory on Sherpur Road, Talpur was greeted by Jawahar Lal Oswal and Sandeep Jain. \"She chose some sweaters, denims and sweatshirts. It was an honour to have a guest from the neighbouring state. Before leaving, she invited us to Pakistan,\" said Sandeep.Before leaving for Amritsar, Faryal also shopped at some jewellery shops on Mall Road and College Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679602", "title": "Electoral poll revision from Oct 15", "text": "JAIPUR: The State Election Commission will launch the process of revising the electoral poll on October 15 while applications for changes would be received till November 10. Applications for inclusion or deletion of names along with those for correction in nameswouldbe receivedduring this time , apart from entertaining the ones received throughout the year . State's chief electoral officer Ashok Jain while addressing the media on Thursday said that during the door-todoor verification programme conducted earlier , the commission has received 14,98,987 applications for new names to be added . These have been added to the draft voters list which would be available with the booth level officers (BLOs) across the state and also be viewed on the website from October 15, 2012. `Voters can verify their names and also apply online for additions or corrections ,'' said Jain . He added that the commission had completed the process of revision of polling booths in the state , merging a few and forming 2676 new ones , bringing the total number of booths to 45,413 across the state .\"The names of the BLOs andtheir contact numberswill also be able available online ,'' said Jain . The final revised voters' list would be released on January 5. Jain said that the nodal officials will make special attemptstoensurethatthosewhohave recently turned eligible to caste votes are included in the lists.\" Those who turn 18 by January 1, 2013 will be included in the electoral poll ,'' he said . With regard to complaints from the political parties that the BLOs are not present at the polling booths and do not acton complaints as required ,Jain said that he had not received any specific complaint against any officer . \"We take action when we receive a specific complaint and not on general ones ,'' he added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16677993", "title": "Bandh may turn weekend dampener", "text": "BANGALORE: The state wide bandh called by various Kannada organizations on Saturday is likely to disrupt life in the city, going by response from organizations representing various utilities.Essential services like autorickshaws and markets are certain to be shut on the day. Though public transport authorities, petrol bunk owners' associations and cab operators claimed that their services won't be withdrawn, they admitted that any violence could prompt them to stop operations.Activists of various organizations were seen going around in groups in areas like Kammanahalli and urging business establishments to participate in the bandh.Buses will ply, but...\"There's no plan to halt bus services. But if any situation that forces buses to be taken off the road arises, we will comply,\" said C Nagraj, traffic manager, operations, BMTC.\"Buses will be ply as usual on Saturday,\" said Ashok Kumar , chief traffic manager, operations, KSRTC.AUTOS OFF ROADSVarious unions of autorickshaw drives have endorsed the bandh call, resulting in three-wheelers being pulled off the roads. \"We are supporting the bandh and our member-drivers will be off the roads on Saturday,\" said Meenakshi Sundaram, president, autorickshaw drivers' union Ardu, which has about 25,000 affiliate-drivers.\"The Cauvery water issue should be solved amicably and not be used by parties get political mileage,\" he said.\"We will be off the roads on Saturday to show our support for the bandh. Normal services will resume from Sunday,\" said Manjunath, president of Adarsha Auto Union which has over 18,000 drivers under its ambit.Bunks may be openPetrol pumps are likely to remain open. Bhushan Narang, president of Karnataka Petroleum Dealers Association, said all the petrol bunks will be working on Saturday. But a few individual petrol bunk owners said they will remain closed.SHOPPERS, STOPBetter stock up vegetables, fruits and groceries for the weekend as markets in Bangalore have thrown their weight behind the bandh call. K R Market, APMC and Russel Market will be closed on Saturday, while Hopcoms will take a call depending on the situation.RV Gopi, president, APMC, said: \"We are supporting the bandh. Over 400 shops under our association will remain shut on Saturday.\"Mohd Idrees Choudhury, general secretary, Russell Market Traders' Association, said: \"We will definitely shut our shops on Saturday. Although we get highest business over the weekend and are likely to lose about Rs 20 lakh, we are supporting the bandh.\"\"Considering public interest, we will not close our shops. But if the situation warrants, we will ask our counters to shut down,\" said S Shanmugappa, managing director, Hopcoms.FLYERS, DON'T FRETAirport taxi operators said they will run their cabs on Saturday, but if the situation demands, the services will be temporarily withdrawn. \"We will operate only to the airport on Saturday. Services will be temporarily withdrawn if any vehicle or passengers are attacked,\" said CD Dyavaiah, MD, KSTDC.KSTDC has 550 cabs along with Meru and Mega which have nearly 500 cabs each for the airport service. Though other transport service providers are supporting the bandh, they have not decided about closing down their service. \"We will take a final decision on Saturday based on the situation,\" said KS Thantry, president of Bangalore Tourist Operators' Association.Schools yet to decide, BU puts off examsCity schools are yet to take a call on whether to shut down or function normally in the wake of protests on Friday and Karnataka bandh on Saturday.\"The government will not declare a holiday. But depending on the law and order situation, local officials and schools can take a call. This holds good for Friday and Saturday,\" said Visweswara Hegde Kageri, minister for primary and secondary education.While some schools have been alerted by police about protests next door on Friday, most of them are waiting to see how the day turns out before taking a decision.Bangalore University has asked its affiliate-colleges that had scheduled practical exams for Saturday to postpone it to a later date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681487", "title": "I think I made a mistake: Vishnu Manchu", "text": "Tollywood actor Vishnu Manchu is known to be as choosy as it can get, what with the actor sticking to a only-one-film-a-year principle. However, looks like Vishnu is looking at reconsidering his decision, what with him all set to go beyond the Tollywood borders.While his film, Dhenikaina Ready, will have a dubbed Malayalam version hitting the screens simultaneously with the Telugu original, Vishnu thinks the time is ripe to work in other languages as well. \"I think I made a mistake by doing only one film a year. Opportunities lie far and wide; it's about time I change the decision,\" he told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16675669", "title": "Debts Recovery Tribunal directs DCHL not to alienate assets", "text": "The Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) here on Thursday directed Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) not to alienate its immovable assets until further orders. This was in response to the petition filed by Kotak Mahindra bank which wanted the tribunal to ensure the recovery of the Rs 100 crore loan it gave to DCHL. When the repayment was not made even after the due date and when it came to know that some of the key assets of the group were being sold, the bank knocked the doors of DRT.The tribunal in its order also directed DCHL promoters T Venkattram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer, who stood as guarantors, not to alienate the properties mortgaged for the loan. Similarly, Nagarjuna Hotels and Travels, another company which stood as the guarantor, too was directed not to sell the properties under mortgage. tnnThe presiding officer K Sai Mohan also directed the DCHL to maintain status quo in respect of the movable assets of the company until further orders.Earlier, the DCHL promoters gave written undertaking to the tribunal that they will not alienate their properties mentioned in the Kotak Mahindra petition till the matter is settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679730", "title": "Sonia, PM likely to visit state on October 20", "text": "JAIPUR: The political corridors in the state are abuzz with reports on probable visits of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the state this month. According to reports, Gandhi and Singh would be in the state on October 20 for the re-launch of the Aadhar card project. The launch is likely to be organised at Dudu in Jaipur district. The district administration has been put on an alert and senior administrative officers are reviewing the preparations. However, no official confirmation could be received. This would be the second visit of Sonia Gandhi in a span of less than two months. She visited Barmer and Jaipur on August 30, launching the CM Urban BPL Housing Scheme in Barmer and visiting victims of the heavy rains in Jaipur. The visits by Sonia Gandhi in quick sucession are seen by political experts as attempts by senior Congress leaders to strengthen the party's chances of regaining power in the state. Earlier,Gandhi had visited Banswara in June 2011 launching the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), during which she also launched the CM Rural BPL Housing Scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678141", "title": "Bike rider charred to death after accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 42-year old man riding his bike got charred to death after an accident on the Anand-Nadiad highway on Wednesday. Police said that the bike was in such great speed that it caught fire and before the rider could escape, he got burnt in the sitting position itself.According to Chaklasi police officials, Vijaysinh Rajput, 42, a resident of Ajwa near Vadodara, was on his way to Nadiad. When he was passing from near Bhumel village on the Anand-Nadiad highway at 1:30 pm on Wednesday, he hit a school bus coming from the opposite direction.\"Rajput was not only riding at full speed but was also on the wrong side of the road. One can imagine the severity of the incident as when Rajput applied brakes, the bike flew into the air and hit the windscreen of the bus,\" said an investigator.The bike then fell with the same speed and the fuel tank of the bike got heated up and caught fire. The fire engulfed the bike before Rajput could get down. He also got charred.\"Fortunately, the bus of a nearby school was returning after dropping students home,\" said an investigator.Investigators said that Rajput used to supply herbs used for making ayurvedic medicines to various vaids around Nadiad and Anand region. He used to commute regularly on the route where the accident happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676113", "title": "Census of dolphins to begin today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officials of Uttar Pradesh forest department and World Wildlife Fund-India would start a three-day census of gangetic river dolphins in five rivers of the state on Friday. The census will get the first baseline data on the species, based on which the action plan for conservation of the dolphins will be planned.The census and the awareness programme will be flagged off by transport minister Raja Aridaman Singh.\"This will be the biggest ever single census done for this species,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (Wildlife), UP. The count will conclude on Sunday, October 7. The total number of dolphins found in the state will be announced by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .In order to ensure transparency in the exercise, the forest department has roped in 14 NGOs to participate in the census and the awareness programme. The campaign, being launched to survey the number of gangetic dolphins present across 2,800-km stretch of the river Ganga and its tributaries (Yamuna, Son, Ken, Betwa, Ghagra and Gerua), will also look at raising awareness among the local communities in and around the banks of the Ganga about the presence and conservation of the national aquatic mammal as well as helping in capacity building of stakeholders associated with the conservation of the mammal.The gangetic river dolphin is an endemic fauna of the Ganga, Brahmaputra and Meghna river systems and is one of the four freshwater dolphins of the world. The gangetic river dolphin is an indicator animal and its presence is a sign of healthy river ecosystem. \"In 2005, WWF-India had counted 600 dolphins in the rivers of UP, the current count will give a different number,\" said Sandeep Behera, associate director, river basins and biodiversity of WWF-India.Creating awareness among the local communities, including fishermen and villagers, and frontline staff of forest department will be a major part of the census. \"Since dolphins also feed on fishes, fishermen take them as competitors,\" said De. In order to create awareness, panchayats will also be involved.Over the last few years, the distribution range of dolphins has shrunk drastically with their population being adversely affected by various developmental activities like construction of dams and barrages resulting in lean river flows, indiscriminate fishing, heavy siltation of rivers due to deforestation, pollution of the river and habitat destruction.The growth rate of dolphins is very slow. The males mature at the age of 10 years, while females mature at 12 years. Their average age is 18 years. In all its lifetime, a female gives birth to 5 to 6 offspring. \"Its death rate is increasing due to environmental degradation,\" said Behera.While the population of dolphin in 1982 was estimated to be 5,000 in the country, it is, now, less than 2,000 with an annual mortality estimated to be at 130-160 animals. The mammal is listed in schedule (I) of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, and categorised as \"endangered\" by the World Conservation Union (IUCN) and enjoys high levels of legal protection nationally and internationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676134", "title": "State governmentt recommends departmental action for not addressing complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has recommended departmental action against social welfare officer of Allahabad, tehsildar of Farrukhabad, tehsildar of Gorakhpur and inspector of Moradabad for not addressing complaints which came up during tehsil diwas in their respective districts.According to official spokesperson of the state government, the officials did not take interests in redressal of complaints at all. The callousness was largely seen on the part of officials of Farrukhabad where most of the complaints were not attended to. Likewise, in case of Gorakhpur, 161 complaints got piled up within a month's time. The Akhilesh Yadav government, soon after coming to power, had asked the departments to attend and address the complaints speedily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677528", "title": "Tagore's art and ideology discussed in symposium", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day symposium on Rabindranath Tagore, his genius and his relevance concluded at the girls wing of Allahabad Degree College (ADC), a constituent college of Allahabad University, on Wednesday. The programme was sponsored by the University Grants Commission (UGC).In the first plenary session, Geeta Chaubey elaborated Tagore's system of education while Gangeya Mukherji presented his paper on 'The Gandhi-Tagore debate: an anatomy', discussing the debate between Gandhi and Tagore on nationalism and humanism. Speaking of Tagore's opposition to nationalism, Mukherji said Gandhi's universalism should not be confused with mere cosmopolitanism.His was more a faith in the harmony of influences and traditions and spoke of the 'web of unity' in Indian culture, which binds all of us without our 'knowing or not knowing it'. In spite of their fundamental differences, Gandhi and Tagore had deep regard for each other and cordiality in their relationship never diminished, said Mukherji.Prof MM Das of Allahabad University presented his paper on \"Rabindranath Tagore: his quest, relevance and surrender. He supported his lecture cited various songs of Tagore and proved interesting and enlightening. Prof Nelum Saran Gour of Allahabad University conducted the session. Invited speakers as well as delegates participated eagerly in the discussion.Principal Hindi Bhawan, Viswabharti, Shantiniketan Prof Harishchandra Mishra presented his paper 'Rabindranath: the process of change and novelty' and discussed at length Rabindranath's nature of changing all facets of life-from physical change to intellectual and mental change and in the process always trying to create novelty.In the third plenary session, Prof Chiddanand Bhattacharya of Rabindranath University of Calcutta delivered his lecture on 'Raktakarabi: Red Oleanders' the play that emphasised the anti-industrialist plea with symbols and symbology employed by the poet-dramatist.The speaker said the play could never remain bound within any one particular discourse like anti-capitalist or anti-industrialist or anti-colonial. Prof Gautam Ghoshal of Visva-Bharti, Shantiniketan presented a paper on Tagore's poetry and music tilted 'An approach through Sri Aurobindo'. In 1917, when Aurobindo began writing 'Poetry Future', he wrote a revised history of English poetry from Chaucer to the Victorians and Tagore along with Whitman, Carpenter, AE Meredith, Yeats and others and came to understand 'mantric' poetry that arises from a particular plane from the 'Yoga-Psychological' map of consciousness.Prof Sonjoy Dutt Roy of Allahabad University delivered his paper on 'The Yeats-Tagore relationship: do the ghosts still haunt?' in which he focused mainly on the idea of the poet, created by Yeats and Tagore in two different cultural locations, and yet remarkably shared across time and space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16678724", "title": "Chaos after youths open fire", "text": "VARANASI: In what may appear as a grim indication of increasing gun culture in the district, two young men took to indiscriminate firing over seemingly trivial issues in two separate incidents in the city.According to reports, assistant RI (technical) at RTO Mirzapur under Katra police station, RK Gangwar was busy working in his office when a youth turned up with an application for a driving license.The official said the youth wanted the license, but did not want to take the driving test. However, when Gangwar said he wouldn't sign on the application form unless the youth took the test, the latter pulled out his revolver to terrorise Gangwar. Fearing for his life, Ganwar signed on the application form.However, the youth still fired at the official on his way out of the office, it is alleged.This led to chaos at the RTO and all staff scurried to catch the youth. But when the youth saw them coming towards him at the parking, he started firing indiscriminately. While the RTO officials still managed to take away his revolver, the youth managed to escape on foot, leaving his motorcycle abandoned.Katra police was called in to the spot and were handed over the revolver, empty shells, motorcycle and the application form of the youth by the RTO officials.The police have registered an FIR on the basis of Gangwar's complaint, but the youth had not been arrested till late evening.Meanwhile, at a gym in Susuwahi area under Lanka police station, one Vipul opened fire at the gym owner Abhishek after the latter asked him to keep his slippers outside the workout area. Vipul later also reached Abhishek's residence and opened fire outside, causing panic in the locality. A named FIR has been lodged against Vipul, his father and brother in this connection. It is said Vipul has connections with a mafia don lodged in an East UP jail. No arrests were reported in this connection till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677182", "title": "Chargesheet in Geetika case ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly two months after former air hostess Geetika Sharma committed suicide at her northwest Delhi residence, police have prepared a chargesheet against Gopal Kanda and Aruna Chaddha. The chargesheet, which is more than 400 pages long, is likely to be submitted by Friday evening, police sources said. While Kanda has been named as the prime accused in the case, Chaddha has been chargesheeted for assisting him in the crime. Sharma had committed suicide on August 5.Sections of criminal conspiracy (120B), criminal intimidation (506 IPC), abetment to suicide (306 IPC), Section 66 of IT Act and several other sections of IPC have been slapped against the duo. The main section of IT Act has been slapped against Kanda for intimidating Geetika through several mails. He had also sent mails to her previous employer accusing her of being a loan defaulter.Sources said that the gynecologist's reports which had confirmed that Geetika was given pills to terminate her pregnancy have also been attached to the chargesheet. Cops were probing this angle after the court had asked them to find out if this was the reason Geetika resorted to the extreme step.However, cops were not able to question Ankita, who they believe played a role in driving Geetika to suicide. She had told police that she was married to Kanda and gave birth to his child. Though she had promised to join the investigations, sensing the noose tightening around her, she chose not to return to the country, said police sources. Raids at her residence in Caranzalem area in Goa fetched no results.Ankita's statements could have been crucial in establishing the sequence of events in the case, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679115", "title": "Info panel resumes work today", "text": "MUMBAI: The full bench of the state information commission, presided over by its chief Ratnakar Gaikwad, on Thursday decided to resume work with immediate effect.\"Following the apex court verdict on September 14, we stopped work. On Thursday, all the commissioners met to discuss the pros and cons of the Supreme Court order. We unanimously decided to resume work with immediate effect. Accordingly, most of the information commissioners in the state will start hearing appeals from Friday,\" Gaikwad told TOI.On September 14, the apex court observed that as the commission's work was judicial and quasi-judicial in nature, it should be headed either by a retired chief justice of the high court or that of Supreme Court and the panel bench should have two members, one from the judiciary and the other an expert member. Further, the apex court had also stated that the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) and the information commissioners required legal acumen and expertise in law. to meet the ends of justice, as such the CIC should have a judicial back ground and the commissioner should be an expert.The SC asked the Centre to suitably amend the RTI Act for the purpose.Ever since the SC order was passed, confusion reigned not only in Maharashtra but also in most of the other states on the legal validity of the existing information commissions and if they could continue disposing of appeals. Questions were raised on the possibility of appointing retired SC judges to head the commission, since the retirement age of such a judge was 65, same as that of the CIC. In view of the order, the CIC took up the issue with the state government and the department of personnel and training.\"We sought advice from the government and DoPT on whether we should continue hearing appeals or wait for instructions from the Centre. Since neither the state nor the departmentsent any response, it was unanimously decided to resume hearing of appeals with immediate effect,\" a senior official said. About the legal aspects of the order, the official said, it was decided that unless Centre gave instructions, there was no need for the state commission to halt the on-going proceedings.\"We decided to wait since neither the state nor the Maharashtra CIC was party to the litigation before the apex court,\" he said.A government official said in such orders, the usually Centre sent an advisory on the future course of action. \"So far, we have no instructions.We have sought opinion of our advocate general.We have been told that the Centre is filing a review petition before the apex court and we should wait for the outcome,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16677125", "title": "No teacher, no classes, say protesting Pernem HSS students", "text": "Mapusa: Around 374 students of the Government Higher Secondary School, Pernem, under the leadership of general secretary Sagar Ugshekar boycotted classes in solidarity with the Automobile Engineering Technology (AET) students who have been functioning without one teacher for the last whole month. The students only relented after the principal, Ramrao Patil, after a meeting with the parents teacher association ( PTA) president and general secretary, promised them to replace the teacher within the next two days.When the teachers and other staff members reached the school premises in the morning, they were forced to stay out as the compound gate was locked. The police were summoned and the principal of the school finally managed to open the school gate. The protesting students stayed outside.The students, who claim to be panicy as their mid-term exams are approaching, said that out of the three teachers in their stream, one left midway as his contract expired. There are 74 students in the AET stream, which includes Classes XI and XII.\"The lack of sufficient teachers is affecting the studies of the AET students,\" Ugshekar said, adding, \"As the exams are fast-approaching, the principal should have arranged an alternative teacher. Since it has still not been done, we have decided to protest as a last resort.\"Parents teacher association (PTA) president Prakash Parab said, \"Considering the students are affected, the school authorities should take up the issue with the education department and fill up the vacancies at the earliest.\"Patil said, \"I had spoken to the education department officials and they had assured me of appointing a teacher as early as possible.\"Upon Patil's assurance, all the students, except those from the AET stream, resumed classes on Thursday. The students warned of continuing their strike if the teacher is not arranged before Monday.A similar problem was faced by the students during the academic year 2011-12 and they had boycotted classes for four consecutive days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677382", "title": "18 dengue cases in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital reported 18 new dengue cases on Thursday, the maximum number of cases reported in a day this season. No deaths were reported though. Corporation officials reported that the total number of cases of the mosquito-borne disease has now gone up to 116. Of this, three dengue cases are from outside the capital, the official said.\"I have directed the deputy health officers in all civic zones to monitor the dengue cases and take measures like an intensive fumigation drive and sensitization of people residing in the sensitive localities to check the spread,\" said health minister A K Walia. He will review the situation again in 10 days.The maximum number of dengue cases has been reported this year form North Delhi Municipal Corporation (48), followed by the South corporation (43). \"East Corporation has reported 16 dengue cases,\" said an official.Health experts say dengue cases have increased significantly over the past two weeks and the figures released by the corporations may not be reflecting the exact situation. The corporation reports cases from the government hospitals and 13 private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16678018", "title": "Scindia accuses BJP of doublespeak on FDI in retail", "text": "BHOPAL: Lashing out at the BJP, Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia on Thursday accused the saffron party of doublespeak on FDI in multi-brand retail.\"The BJP is opposing the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, but its president Nitin Gadkari has pitched in for foreign investment in India two days ago. It is doublespeak,\" Scindia told reporters here.\"FDI has stopped coming in the country. Whatever had come is going back. Indian industry is taking its investment out of the country. The atmosphere in the country is not friendly for industrial investment. The nation has to be made capital investment friendly. FDI in various sectors has to be brought in the country,\" Gadkari had reportedly told a meeting of his party youth wing in Delhi.Scindia said the FDI in farming sector would usher in a revolution and economically empower those dependent of it.\"The Centre isn't allowing foreign investment without a check. The FDI is being allowed safeguarding the country's interest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677283", "title": "17-yr-old girl kills self; cops suspect love affair", "text": "NAGPUR: Minutes before consuming poison, a 17-year-old girl informed her friend's brother about her plan to commit suicide. The victim Aishwarya Dabre, a resident of Shyam Nagar, was a Standard XII science student. Aishwarya took the extreme step at NIT garden in Sakkardara on Tuesday evening. She succumbed during treatment at Mayo hospital on Wednesday morning.On Tuesday evening, Aishwarya didn't return home from her college. Around 5.15 pm, she called her friend's brother Sourav Hiranke and told him she is going to consume poison. Hiranke with his friend rushed to the garden only to find Aishwarya vomiting. He took her to a nearby private hospital where the doctors referred her to Mayo Hospital. Hirankar also informed her widowed mother, Nila, an inspector at excise department. On Wednesday evening, Aishwarya was declared dead.Aishwarya, said to be a bright student, was the eldest of two sisters. On Tuesday, she even appeared for her college exam. Police searched her bag but no suicide note was found. Nila has also claimed to be clueless about reason behind Aishwarya's extreme step. Police suspect a failing love affair might have forced her to end her life.Her friends told police she seemed depressed in the college. Police are yet to check the call and SMS details of her phone that might give some clue about reason of her suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678222", "title": "Find solution to GAIL pipeline row: Court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has suggested a 'workable solution' to the 600km interstate gas pipeline project of GAIL Ltd, which is mired in litigation and controversy.The first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, declined to order police protection for the execution of the multi-crore project and said the chief secretary and other senior officials must convene a meeting with the farmers in seven districts, and arrive at an amiable solution.The pipeline is to be laid between Kochi in Kerala and Bangalore in Karnataka, and would pass through - Coimbatore, Tirupur, Erode, Namakkal, Salem, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri - districts in Tamil Nadu. Farmers in these districts had raised objections saying it would adversely affect more than 3,000 acres of agricultural land.Their counsel N G R Prasad pointed out that GAIL proposed to pay only 10 per cent of the guideline value as compensation and there would also be a restriction on the area of cultivation and so the full value of the land would be lost. Their request to consider an alternative route, along the national highways, was still pending, he said.Another senior advocate Hema Sampath said once the pipeline was laid, farmers could not plant trees or construct buildings up to 20 metres on either side of the pipeline. If it runs through their land, the land would be cleaved into two, making it unfit for cultivation, she said.Government pleader S Venkatesh said all district collectors had held meetings with land owners. He, however, said GAIL was not right in approaching the court for police protection to implement the project. It should approach the government for appropriate relief, he said.Counsel for GAIL, Ajmal Khan, said experts had conducted a thorough study of the scheme and change of alignment or route was not feasible. GAIL was also ready to pay compensation as per the guideline value fixed during April 2012 together with solatium and ex-gratia payment, besides compensation for trees and crops, he said.The first bench, considering all these submissions and also concurring with Justice K Chandru's order declining to order police action in this matter, said, \"The issue is very delicate as the interest of the farmers/landowners cannot be ignor8ed... The solution would not be to afford police protection, but by deliberations and discussions at higher levels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678817", "title": "Body found 11 days after cousin killed 29-year-old", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eleven days after 29-year-old Aman Kapoor was murdered, his body was found from Dallewal village on Thursday. Aman was murdered by his cousin Raman Kapoor on September 23. The accused disposed of the body in canal at Kaind village and confessed to the crime on September 30, when he was detained on suspicion raised by Satpal Kapoor, Aman's father. Division no. 5 SHO Nirmal Singh said they received information from the employees of irrigation department about a decomposed body floating in the water. The body was sent to civil hospital for postmortem examination and a murder case registered against Raman and his associate Sher Singh. Raman had a personal rivalry with Aman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16678020", "title": "Scindia-led Congress sounds poll bugle", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely a year away from the next assembly elections, the Congress in Madhya Pradesh sounded the poll bugle on Thursday with a fiery speech from Union minister of state Jyotiraditya Scindia and an aggressive attempt to 'gherao' chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's official residence here. The party's protest rally against the BJP government for alleged nine years of corruption and misrule turned unruly as Congress workers tried to break down security barricades and clashed with the police who were trying to stop them from advancing towards the CM's house.The police cane-charged Congress workers and leaders to bring the situation under control. Police also fired several rounds of tear gas and used water cannons to disperse the crowd. Hundreds of party workers and state Congress leaders were arrested at the rally site. Later, they were released.One hour after the police action, state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria and leader of opposition Ajay Singh came limping into the party office to address a press conference. AICC general secretary and state party in charge B K Hariprasad claimed the demonstration was \"100% successful\". Hariprasad condemned the \"police atrocities\".Thursday's rally was Union minister of state for industries and commerce Jyotiraditya Scindia's show of strength in the state Congress politics. He was the only central leader from the state present on the dais even as the Congress claimed the party was \"united'' in its fight to oust the BJP in the 2013 assembly polls. \"Today is the beginning of a change when the Congress' elected representatives and workers have not gathered for an agitation. We have gathered here to make the future of Madhya Pradesh safe and secure,'' Scindia said addressing a gathering of party workers at the Tin Shed Square.Hitting out at the Shivraj Singh government, he said the state was ruled not by the government but by builders like Dilip Suryavanshi and mining kings like Sudhir Sharma, who were raided by the Income Tax department earlier this year.Scindia said Madhya Pradesh after two terms of BJP rule has the maximum number of rapes cases registered in the country.Scindia went on to say that the BJP should be ready to face dire consequences if the \"goonda gardi (bullying tactics)'' did not stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678703", "title": "Irate contractors lock up BBMP chief over pending bills", "text": "BANGALORE: Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike Contractors' Association members staged a protest at the Palike head office on Thursday, opposing nonpayment of bills amounting to Rs 2,000 crore for the past year. Angry contractors locked BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel in his office. They even protested in the form of 'Uralu Seve' (rolling on the ground) on the BBMP premises. Responding to the protesting contractors, Goel promised the pending bills will soon be cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677229", "title": "Information Technology Act to the rescue of crank-call victims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sending obscene SMSMMS or making call on someone's cell phone can prove costly for owner of the phone from which the message is sent as cops are all set to set up 'anti-obscene call cell' (AOCC) taking stringent action against eve-teasers/miscreants. Cops say the offender would first be given verbal warning and if he fails to mend his ways, he is liable to be prosecuted under the Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000.Station Officer Mahila Thana Rita Singh told TOI \"Apart from booking eve-teasers under Section 294 of IPC, the cops would be taking tough action against persons involved in sending out obscene SMSs or MMSs. She added, \"We have been promoting the concept of anti-obscene call cell at women and girls colleges asking them to lodge complaints without hesitation as police are right there to assist them against eve teasers.\"The idea of setting up the cell is being welcomed by state top brass asking superintendents and senior superintendents of police across the state. The first initiative in this regard was taken by Sultanpur police.Admitting that numerous complaints against sending vulgar SMSs keep pouring in at police stations and the aim behind setting up the cell is to focus on the complaints.A few months back, an FIR under Section 67 of the IT Act,2000 was lodged by a Bareilly woman at the mahila thana against two persons alleging vulgar SMSs being sent and objectionable calls made at odd hours on her mobile phone.Lady cops have also been sending 'warning letters' to parents and guardians of youths spotted loitering outside girls' schools or women's college.Rita Singh informed TOI that police have drafted 'warning letters' to be issued to eve-teasers on being caught red-handed outside girls schools and colleges the first time and their parents would be summoned.The warning letter carries name of the eve-teaser, along with the date and place he was spotted standing aimlessly outside girls' college. The letter mentions that the boy or young man had no proper reason or answer for being there and was apprehended under a drive against eve-teasing and that it is the first warning by the Allahabad police. In case spotted outside a girls school, college, hotel, theatre, mall, or park without any purpose legal action would be initiated against him, warns the letter. So far, warning letter has been dispatched to as many as 18 parents/guardians, informed Singh. The lady cops have also been seeking feedback from girls and women to help them against eve teasers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16681745", "title": "Now, Cong hits road to tackle Ajit Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress has decided to literally hit the road to blunt NCP leader Ajit Pawar's politics against it. On Thursday, Congress state president Manikrao Thakre asked party ministers to hold Janta Darbar across all districts in the state. Since his resignation, Pawar has embarked on a statewide road trip holding public meets.The Congress ministers will hold gatherings in their own districts in the first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16679431", "title": "Weekly train between Hatia, Yeshwantpur", "text": "Hubli: South Western Railway (SWR) will run weekly express special trains between Hatia-Yeshwantpur-Hatia (Train No: 08635/08636) for 9 trips in each direction. Train number 08635 Hatia-Yeshwantpur weekly express special will depart from Hatia at 09-40 hrs on Thursdays from October 04 to November 29 (Total : 09 specials only) and arrive at Yeshwantpur at 22-00 hrs on Fridays. En-route, the train will arrive at Rourkela at 12-20 hrs, Jharsuguda at 15-15 hrs, Sambalpur at 16-10 hrs, Bargarh at 17-05 hrs, Bolangir at 18-20 hrs, Titlagarh at 19-30 hrs, Kesinga at 19-55 hrs, Muniguda at 21-15 hrs, Singapura Road at 22-30 hrs, Rayagada at 22-45 hrs, Parvatipuram at 23-15 hrs, Vizianagaram at 00-45 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 01-30 hrs, Duvvada at 02-18 hrs, Samalkot at 03-47 hrs, Rajahmundry at 04-36 hrs, Eluru at 06-00 hrs, Vijayawada at 07-20 hrs, Ongole at 08-29 hrs, Nellore at 10-35 hrs, Gudur at 12-30 hrs, Renigunta at 14-10 hrs, Katpadi at 16-28 hrs, Jolarpettai at 17-50 hrs, Bangarpet at 19-28 hrs and Krishnarajapuram at 20-20 hrs. In the return direction, train number. 08636 Yeshwantpur-Hatia weekly express will depart from Yeshwantpur at 08-30 hrs on Saturdays from October 06 to December 01 (Total: 09 specials only) and arrive at Hatia at 21-30 hrs on Sundays. En-route, the train will arrive Krishnarajapuram at 09-03 hrs, Bangarpet at 09-48 hrs, Jolarpettai at 11-13 hrs, Katpadi at 12-35 hrs, Renigunta at 15-00 hrs, Gudur at 17-10 hrs, Nellore at 17-45 hrs, Ongole at 19-15 hrs, Vijayawada at 21-55 hrs, Eluru at 22-57 hrs, Rajahmundry at 01-25 hrs, Samalkot at 02-20 hrs, Duvvada at 04-30 hrs, Visakhapatnam at 05-00 hrs, Vizianagaram at 06-15 hrs, Parvatipuram at 07-15 hrs, Rayagada at 08-20 hrs, Singapura Road at 08-45 hrs, Muniguda at 09-34 hrs, Kesinga at 10-50 hrs, Titlagarh at 11-15 hrs, Bolangir at 12-30 hrs, Bargarh at 13-45 hrs, Sambalpur at 14-50 hrs, Jharsuguda at 16-30 hrs and Rourkela at 17-55 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678868", "title": "Mother held for beating baby to death", "text": "MUMBAI: Dharmishta Joshi, the mother of Aahuti, the battered three-month-old baby who died on Wednesday, was arrested for murder on Thursday night.\"She has admitted to battering the baby. We are trying to ascertain if her husband Kalpesh too played a role in the case,\" said regional additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar.Dharmishta said she had wrung the baby's neck and pressed down on her ribs hard when she kept on crying on September 23. She added that she had dropped Aahuti while feeding her two days earlier and had been taunted by Kalpesh.Borivli cops had summoned Dharmishta and her husband Kalpesh Joshi, who had gone to Gujarat for rituals a day after Aahuti died of multiple fractures on both sides of her skull, broken ribs and dislocated vertebrae, for questioning on Thursday. In her statement, Dharmishta said she had battered the baby when Kalpesh was out to watch Ganpati immersion processions with their elder daughter Devahuti. On his return, they rushed the motionless baby to a local nursing home. The baby had become crankier since Dharmishta dropped her while feeding on September 21.Besides the parents, the police had also asked Kalpesh's sister Sheetal, who stays with them in their Gorai home, and an ayah, who had been hired to massage Aahuti, to appear for interrogation. The police had filed a case of murder late on Wednesday, after receiving autopsy reports that established that the grave injuries the baby suffered were \"non-accidental\" and not caused by a fall.\"Doctors at KEM hospital shared autopsy reports and clinical findings which said Aahuti had serious head and rib injuries caused due to multiple impacts by a blunt object. The doctors added that these injuries could not have been caused by falling off a bed or a cradle nor could they have been sustained in a Caesarean section delivery,\" said an official involved in the investigation.The official added that the doctors said Aahuti was likely to have sustained the fatal injuries about eight days before her death.The Borivli police will also be quizzing doctors at the Shivani Medical Centre in Gorai where Aahuti was first brought on September 23 by her parents. Kalpesh and Dharmishta told the doctors that Aahuti had convulsions. But doctors found that she could not breathe and gave her oxygen support before referring her to KEM hospital.\"At a later stage, our team will look into the death of Aahuti's twin,\" said senior inspector Bhagwan Chate. Aahuti's twin sister had died within 12 days of her birth. The Joshis had spent Rs 1 lakh on the twins' premature delivery by C-section at Wadia hospital.Among the questions Aahuti's parents will surely face is whether they did not want the girls as they already have a one-and-a-half-year-old daughter, Devahuti.Mumbai: Dharmishta Joshi, the mother of three-month-old infant, Aahuti Joshi, was arrested late on Thursday after she admitted to the Borivali police that she had battered the baby. Late on Wednesday, the police had registered a case under section 302 of IPC after autopsy reports confirmed that the injuries suffered by the baby were \"non accidental.\" Aahuti's parents, Kalpesh and Dharmishta, were the prime suspects in the case.In her statement to the police, Dharmishta said she had tried to wring her child's neck and pressed her ribs hard, out of anger, when she kept crying incessantly on September 23. Her husband was out to watch Ganpati immersion with their elder daughter, Dehuti, and was unaware of this incident. When Aahuti stopped making any movement, Dharmishta got scared and on her husband's return home, the duo rushed the baby to a local nursing home. Dharmishta also told the police that she had dropped Aahuti while feeding her on September 21. The baby had become crankier since then and Kalpesh had taunted Dharmishta as to why was she unable to take care of even an infant.\"We arrested Dharmishta only after verifying her statement. Evidence will be gathered to ensure she does not go back on her words later. We will also continue the probe to find out if Kalpesh has any role to play in the offence and ensure that Dharmishta isn't protecting her husband,\" said a senior police official.Kalpesh and Dharmishta had left for Gujarat on October 2, a day after Aahuti's death, for conducting some rituals. The police summoned them back on Thursday and for questioning. Throughout Thursday, the police detained Kalpesh, Dharmishta, Kalpesh's sister, Sheetal, and an ayaah, who had been hired for massaging Aahuti, for interrogation.\"Doctors at the KEM Hospital shared autopsy reports and clinical findings which stated that Aahuti had serious head and rib injuries, caused due to multiple blunt impact. The doctors added that these injuries could not have been caused by falling off a bed or a cradle nor could they be sustained in a Cesarean-section delivery,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16677770", "title": "Malappuram bus terminal: Revised plan gets govt nod", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The revised project plan and estimate of the proposed bus terminal-cum-shopping complex project of KSRTC at Malappuram has got the approval of the government. A special meeting presided over by transport minister Aryadan Muhammed on Thursday at Thiruvananthapuram took the decision in this regard.As per the revised estimate and plan, the bus terminal-cum-shopping complex will have a six-storey building which would be completed in two phases. The total estimated cost of the project is Rs 15 crore. The meeting has also decided to appoint Kerala Transport Development and Finance Corporation(KTDFC),as the agency to implement the project.A special meeting of KTDFC will be held at Thiruvananthapuram to discuss the detailed project plan on Monday.In the first phase of the project, 80 rooms and a parking area to park 70 buses would be set up in the bus terminal. The earlier plan was to set up a seven-storey bus terminal-cum-shopping complex at Kunnummal. The top level officials had visited the KSRTC sub-depot last December and the officials of the KTDFC completed the final level discussion with the company, which was selected as implementing agency. The construction work was scheduled to begin in October 2011. But there was no move from the part of KTDFC to start the work of the project for the last eight months. Now, it is as part of reducing the cost of the project, the authorities decided to revise the project.P Ubaidulla MLA, KSRTC managing director K G Mohanlal, KSRTC chief engineer R Indu and other officials attended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679104", "title": "Now, Kerala University students can get certificates verified online", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The students of Kerala University will no longer have to wait for months to complete the verification process of their markslists and degree certificates as the university has launched an online verification system. All one has to do is to upload the document to be verified, pay online and receive the link of the verified document as an email.Vigilance director Venugopal K Nair inaugurated the Online Degree Verification System (ODVS) on Thursday. \"Online verification of marklists has now become very necessary. Many genuine candidates have lost job opportunities as there were no authentic verification system in Indian universities . Online system would enable the alumnus to have an easier and cost effective way,\" he said in his inaugural address.\"We have been receiving a lot of requests from various parts of the world seeking the verification of degree certificates. The rules and regulations of our university are set in such a way that it takes months to compete the procedures. Things will be easy now. Availing online verification system would provide high degree of data privacy and a faster and efficient verification,\" said vice-chancellor of Kerala University A Jayakrishnan.ODVS has been developed by myeasydocs.com, a start-up company supported by IIT Madras. To verify the university-issued certificates or markslist, the document users should upload it at www.ku.directverify.in and after online payment, the university will verify the credentials with their transcripts. After the verification has been completed, an email having a link of the verified document will be sent to the requesting party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676072", "title": "Crime against children up by 24% in 2010-11", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is fast earning the label of a country unsafe for children, with an alarming 24% increase in crimes against children in 2011 compared to the previous year. Nearly 33,100 cases were reported in 2011 against 26,694 cases in 2010.Uttar Pradesh accounted for 16.6% of total crimes against children in 2011, followed by Madhya Pradesh (13.2%), Delhi (12.8%), Maharashtra (10.2%), Bihar (6.7%) and Andhra Pradesh (6.7%).Maharashtra accounted for 74% of the total 27 cases of \"buying of girls for prostitution\" while West Bengal accounted for 77% of the total 113 cases of \"selling of girls for prostitution\".Last year also saw a 43% increase in cases abduction, while cases of rape increased by 30%. UP and Delhi together accounted for 47.6% abduction of children while MP, UP and Maharashtra together made up 44.5% of child rape cases in 2011.These are the findings of the latest 'Children in India 2012' report brought out by the ministry of statistics and programme implementation. The last time such a report on the state of India's children came out was in 2008.Feticide cases increased by 19% a yearFeticide cases increased by 19% over 2010 to 132 cases in 2011, most of which were registered from Madhya Pradesh, followed by Chhattisgarh and Punjab, says a ministerial report. The three states together reported 56% of the foeticide cases last year.The report said, \"The analysis of crime and children as presented here, puts forward a few upsetting revelations about the child victims as well as child offenders, which points out to the vulnerable conditions of children that need to be addressed urgently especially poverty.\"India's chief statistician T C A Anant said in the report, \"Even today, after six decades of independence, the condition of children remains a cause of concern in the country. As the statistics speaks out loudly, we have miles to go to ensure a bright future for the children in all spheres of their life.\"According to the report, procurement of minor girls saw a 27% spike\u2014862 cases in 2011 compared to 679 cases in 2010. West Bengal reported the highest chunk of these cases (298) \u2014a share of 34.6% followed by Bihar (183), Assam (142) and Andhra (106).The average chargesheeting rate for all crimes against children was 82.5% in 2011, which was the same in 2010 as well.The highest chargesheet rate was observed in cases under 'buying of girls for prostitution' (100%) followed by 'rape' (97.3%) in comparison to the prevailing national level chargesheeting rate of 78.8% for the IPC crimes. The lowest charge sheet rate was found in cases of feticide.The conviction rate at national level for the crimes committed against children stood at 34.6%. The conviction rate for 'infanticide (other than murder)' was highest at 46.9% followed by cases under 'murder' (45.5%).When taking all the crimes against children into account, the crime rate (ratio of number of crimes to population) saw a marginal increased from 2.3 in 2009 to 2.7 in 2011. Delhi, however, topped the crime rate (25.4) followed by Andaman and Nicobar Islands (20.3), Chandigarh (7) and Chhattisgarh (7), Madhya Pradesh (6) and Goa (5.1).The 2012 data showed that juvenile IPC crimes in 2011 increased by 10.5% over 2010 as 22,740 IPC crimes by juveniles were registered during 2010 which increased to 25,125 cases in 2011. Out of the total 888 juvenile murder cases reported in the country in 2011, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh reported 16.3% and 12.6% cases.The highest incidence of the juvenile rape cases was reported from Madhya Pradesh (23.6%) followed by UP (12.7%) and Maharashtra (10.9%). Among such disturbing trends, the report also had some good news. In 2011, buying of girls for prostitution showed a decline of 65%, and selling of girls for prostitution reported a decline of 13% compared to 2010. Cases of infanticide too showed a decline of 37 points during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16680902", "title": "Dengue cases on the rise in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: Mohali civil hospital has spruced up its preparedness to tackle dengue as over a dozen cases have been reported in the hospital in the last five days.Out of these two cases have been referred to a government hospital in Chandigarh.\"The patients are admitted in the hospital and their treatment is on. We have formed special teams of doctors and para-medical staff to prevent an outbreak of this disease in the district. We are conducting surprise inpspections at different places in Mohali, especially in villages and in colonies, to check if cleanliness is maintained and to ensure that water is not stored in open or in water coolers,\" said the senior medical officer of Mohali civil hospital.\"September to mid-November is the most conducive for the Dengue mosquito to emerge. We hope that the situation will come under control in the next few days,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16675945", "title": "Venkatesh in two-way lead", "text": "KOLKATA: Overnight leader IM Swapnil Dhopade was joined at the top by GM MR Venkatesh after the 4th round in the Tata National Premier Chess Championship being played at the Kshudiram Anushilan Kendra on Thursday.Both are on 3.5 points apiece and are followed by a pack of four players - GMs Gopal, Sahaj Grover and Deepan Chakravarthy and Vidit Gujarathi who have three points each.Swapnil once again put up a stellar performance to hold Gopal with the white pieces in a Slav defence. Gopal sacrificed a bishop for a pawn in the middle game and also initiated a kingside attack to brighten up the game.Swapnil kept his cool and thwarted his opponent's attack to draw the game in 26 moves. Venkatesh made most of the opportunity offered by GM Neelotpal Das to win from a queen and bishop versus queen and opposite-colored bishop endgame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676264", "title": "Varchasva to begin at IIM-Lucknow today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The students of IIM-Lucknow will drop their business formals and showcase their creativity and talent at Varchasva-2012 - the annual cultural and sports festival of Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow. The 5{+t}{+h} edition of Varchasava will be organised from October 5 to 7 and will feature more than 60 events with participation from more than 150 colleges across India, including IIM-A, IIM-C, IIM-I, FMS Delhi, IIM-Trichy and others. Every year, Varchasva brings together the most talented students from across the country. Some popular events are: Samavesh - classical night, sand art, photography workshop, ultimate Frisbee, dance workshops and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677340", "title": "Meet to build healthy India", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a world of rat races, it is usually a person's health that faces the maximum brunt. Though medicines have improved, these have often failed to keep up with the life-style disorders caused by modern-age stress.To help build a healthy India, The Times of India, in association with Tetra Pak, is organizing the Times NIE Teachers' Knowledge Meet 2012. The idea is to train teachers who, in turn, will mentor young minds to lead a healthy life. Starting on October 8, this year's theme is 'Health &amp; Nutrition in Schools'.The event is bringing together nutritionists, paediatricians and industry experts who will provide teachers a perspective on how to lead a healthy life, build stamina and let go the stress.So be ready to stretch your limbs in a 'healthy body, healthy mind' session along with activities like quiz. The meet will be held at India Habitat Center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16677829", "title": "'Canvas' to provide impetus to festive market", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The keenly awaited annual trade fair, Canvas India, has arrived here to give a perfect impetus to the festive sales ahead of Durga Puja and Diwali. The two-week long fair at Gopal Maidan commencing Thursday will witness high-end tech gadgets finding exclusive focus in the 9th edition of the fair.\"This year there will be a special focus on the information and technology segment,\" said Jyoti Pandey, an organizing member. The real estate and luxury car segment are likely to attract maximum footfalls alike the previous year.In the consumer segment, it is expected that electric induction stove stalls shall draw substantial section of the consumers this year owing to the cap on the domestic LPG cylinders per registration.\"Our information is that electric induction stove is relatively cheaper and sufficient for the nuclear family and there's a growing demand for the same in the market too,\" said member of the organizer Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry Bharat Vasani.The organizers are expecting over 2.5 lakh footfalls in the fair. Last year, about 2.25lakh people visited the event. According to the insiders, the overall business of the fair last year was over Rs 18 crore. \"Given that this year the weather is good and pujas are approaching, we look forward to an impressive business,\" said a volunteer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16678486", "title": "I-League all set to get going", "text": "PANAJI: The National Football League turns sixteen this season. A time by which Indian football should have earned its full fledged professional spurs. It's been six years into the professional league, a league that has thrown up stars aplenty, witnessed new teams taking birth and older ones dying a sudden death.Despite the All India Football Federation's disorder and mayhem, substandard grounds and deteriorating crowd attendance, clubs and players have risen to the occasion to bring that sparkle back and breathe life into the beautiful game that continues to be threatened by the devouring game of cricket.The 2012-13 I-League season could be the defining moment in Indian foot-ball even as the national body dares to flirt with the idea of kick-starting the Indian Premier Football League over a two month period on the lines of the mind-boggling success of the IPL run by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).The AIFF has not only shown a lack of will in setting its own house in order on a professional level while continuing to shove the AFC's pro-club licensing criteria down the throats of clubs that continue to bear the brunt of rising financial costs, including high salary payouts, barely managing to keep their head above water.To add salt to the league's wounds, the national body continues to clutch at straws while conducting the I-League which ran out of live television coverage last season and could possibly find itself without a sponsor for the second year running despite a multi-crore tie-up with IMGReliance last season.Coming to the fare in the offing, the season that unfolds promises many a big battles even as clubs have tightened their girth, yet intelligently strengthened their armoury with bigger and better quality signings.It augurs well that Indian football has started luring professional players from major Asian, European and African nations which include Japan, Australia, Lebanon, the Philippines, England, Spain and Cameroon apart from the Nigerians, Namibians, Brazilians and Nigerians that have flocked our shores. Going by the start of the season and the kind of bench strength they possess, Goa's Dempo Sports Club, the defending champions, will remain the team to beat.That they comfortably made it to the final of the Federation Cup with just one foreigner in their ranks - Koko Sakibo who could probably find himself in the starting eleven less often - after the loss of Japanese attacking midfielder Ryuji Sueoka, goes to show the depth the Goans have in the team.They showed purpose and panache, never really pressed the panic button against finalists and potential I-League champions East Bengal while stamping their trademark tika-taka passing which was a delight to watch.Dempo's biggest threat stems from their own Goan stable, Salgaocar FC and Churchill Brothers SC. The rest of the bunch will have to punch above their weight in the long season ahead to stay in the race or avoid the drop, provided the I-League continues.Of course, much will depend on the quality of refereeing even after Mumbai and Goa will have the best facilities and playable ground conditions once renovations to the Cooperage and Nehru Stadiums are complete by January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16675825", "title": "Cabinet okays 49% FDI limit in insurance, pension funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday reached out to the BJP , seeking support for legislation to increase the foreign investment cap in insurance and open up the pension sector, setting the stage for negotiations with the principal opposition party and raising the hope that the wait for financial sector reforms may finally be over.\"Legislation-making in Parliament... is a process of discussion and negotiations. Many bills have been passed after discussion with the opposition, especially the principal opposition party,\" Union finance minister and the spearhead of the reforms rush P Chidambaram said just after Cabinet cleared the two long-pending financial sector Bills. He also invoked BJP's claim to be pro-reforms.In what is being dubbed as the second wave of reforms, the UPA government on Thursday approved 21 proposals including legislation to deepen commodities trading in order to help farmers hedge their risk, a modern set of rules for the corporate sector and a proposal to let the Competition Commission vet all corporate mergers and acquisitions to prevent companies from controlling market mechanics.12th 5-yr plan approvedThe Union Cabinet on Thursday approved the proposal to place the 12th five-year Plan document before the National Development Council. The NDC is likely to approve the plan (2012-17) which seeks to fast-track growth over the plan period to reach 9% in the terminal year, yielding an average growth rate of 8.2% for five years. The plan emphasizes that growth must be both inclusive and sustainable. The estimates show resource availability at Rs 80,50,123 crore at current prices for the Centre and states. This implies the public sector resources would be 11.8% of GDP as against 10.9% of the last plan.Revamp for job agencyEmployment exchanges, which had turned into decrepit and deserted relics of the pre-liberalization era, could soon sport a more people-friendly avatar with the Cabinet clearing a revamp of the employment exchange network. The amendment to the Employment Exchanges (Compulsory Notification of Vacancies) Act, 1959 has been amended to turn the exchanges into guidance cells that would not only match jobs for the unemployed but also counsel. The change in role \u2014 from an employment provider to a counselor \u2014 the government expects, could provide a fresh lease of life to these centres.Law panel reconstitutedThe Cabinet approved reconstitution of the Law Commission for a three-year term till July 2015. The commission, which gives opinion to the government on legal issues, will be headed by a full-time chairperson and have four full-time members and the law secretary and the secretary legislative department as ex-officio members. This time, the two officers of the ministry have been included with a view of achieving better implementation of Law Commission reports. It will consult the nodal ministry as there have been claims that the views of various stakeholders' were not included.tnnNo petrochem hub in HaldiaThe government withdrew the plan to set up a petrochemicals hub in Haldia, in partnership with West Bengal, after the state decided to use the land to set up a power plant, an industrial park and an eco-tourism park on Nayachar Island. Finance minister P Chidambaram said the cabinet committee on economic affairs had decided to drop the proposal after a recommendation from the state in February. The petrochemicals hub was notified by the Centre in 2007. The plan was altered after the TMC decided to use it for development of several industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677209", "title": "Siblings sodomized and killed, 3-yr-old gang-raped", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bunch of three criminals gang raped and sodomized three children and murdered two of them - all within 24 hours. They kidnapped two three and five-year-old siblings, brutalised and killed them and dumped their bodies at Usmanpurin northeast Delhi on September 25.Emboldened at not having been found out, two gang members returned to the same place the next day and kidnapped two more children, aged seven and 10. This time, the kids were smarter and gave the abductors the slip. Still driven by their sinister design, they pressed on and found a three-year-old girl playing outside her house. They kidnapped her, raped her and left her to die. Luckily, the child survived.This was when the police got to know. They visited the homes of the victims, spent hours there, counselled the distraught families and stitched together identikits of two of the accused. This led them on to two men in their twenties, who were arrested. A third% accused is on the run. Those arrested have been identified as Mohammed Sadab,20, and Mohammed Mia, 19. The third accused on the run is %Irfan.Meantime, investigators got news of another six year old being raped at Model Town on Thursday. It's not known if the same gang is behind the Model Town crime, but the possibility is not being ruled out.On September 25, two children of a construction worker went missing from Khajoori Khas, joint commissioner (southeast range) P Kamraj and additional CP (southeast) V V Chaudhry briefed. Mia offered them biscuits and took them to Usmanpur forest where Irfan joined in. At night, the two men gave the children food. They then raped the three-year-old girl and sodomized the five-year-old boy. When the traumatised and bruised children began crying, they rapists throttled them and smashed their faces with bricks.The next day, Mia returned to the same area adjoining Bhajanpura at Gamri Extension. The third accused, Sadab, was given the task of kidnapping children. He first tried to abduct a seven-year-old girl. She began shrieking and calling for help. As a youth rushed towards him, Shadab threw the girl to the ground and fled.Some 15 minutes later, Shadab tried to kidnap a 10-year-old boy. But he fought back, Shadab couldn't control him and let him go. Some minutes later, he tried to kidnap him again but he %slipped away. The accused then kidnapped a three-year-old girl offering her sweets. They took her to a nearby DJB office near Usmanpur and raped her. They then left her to die in a garbage dump. \"We talked to the 10-year-old who helped us to draw sketches of Mia and Shadab. Based on the portrait, we launched an extensive search in the area. We nabbed two of the accused. Hunt for the third accused is still on,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677811", "title": "Visit Holkar Vithika to get that 'royal feeling'", "text": "INDORE: Now Indore will have an extended access to the artifact and belongings of the celebrated Holkar dynasty. 'Holkar Vithika' was inaugurated at Rajwada on Thursday. This museum has a collection of old photographs of various members of the Holkar family and snapshots of monuments and temples made by the Holkars. The photographs date back to 19th century; the oldest picture to be seen at the gallery was clicked in 1890.Although the collection at this museum is not huge but a wide range of articles of the Royals of Indore can be seen there. Starting from rugs to cannon adorning the centre of the room, this museum gives its audience insight into the royal lifestyle. Along with everyday articles like a room heater, cooking pots to state of the art dictaphone, one could spot an interesting assortment of articles under one roof.It is not only the artistic side of the Holkars that would be showcased at the museum, a good series of armaments like guns and swords of various sizes and shapes with their proud shields could also be seen at the 'Holkar Vithika'.A wall of the museum is lined up with the portraits of the Holkar rulers.Though Indoreans are excited over the fact that they will have one more place to visit on weekends now, Dr Madhusudan Holkar, 86 who claims to be related to the royal family, isn't all that enthralled with the developments.\"I am happy that at least something productive is being done with the prized possessions of the Holkar dynasty. However, had the present maharani Usha Devi taken personal interest in such matters, things would have been even better.\"Meanwhile, workers from the Lalbaugh Palace handed the Cultural minister a letter demanding regular employment as they have been working at the Lalbaugh palace on daily wages for more than ten years now.Earlier, cultural minister Laxmikant Sharma unveiled the plaque. MP Sumitra Mahajan and Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677256", "title": "Palwal murder: Husband has no marriage proof, say cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the probe into the murder of Satvinder Lakhanpal entered the sixth day, police claimed to have evidence to show that her husband, Mukesh, had no proof of their marriage. The cops had asked Mukesh to submit documents relating to his second marriage but he failed to do so. Satvinder was murdered on Friday night on the Delhi-Agra national highway when the couple was returning to their east Delhi residence.The police team from Palwal visited Mukesh's office on Thursday to go through his records. They claimed the office records suggested that he had been using his first wife's address for all official dealings. Mukesh had not informed his office that his second wife, Satvinder, was staying at Mayur Vihar. \"We stumbled upon a Malviya Nagar address in the records. That is probably the address of his first wife. We will visit Malviya Nagar soon,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, the Palwal police has contacted its counterparts in Faridabad, Hodal and Mathura to analyze the modus operandi of some gangs which are suspected to have been involved in eight highway robberies on the 100km stretch in the past three months. Cops have found at least eight men to be involved in all cases. \"We have asked our crime branch to investigate these robberies. Their inputs will be valuable for this case too,\" said an officer. Three of these robberies took place near Bancheri and Prithala villages, located just 10-15 km from the spot where Satvinder's murder took place.Police have finished analyzing the call details of the couple. \"We are trying to find out if any of these calls had any connection with the murder,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16678722", "title": "Potholed roads give rough ride", "text": "PANCHKULA: The state government, it seems, will have to tread many a mile to realize its dream of making Panchkula the Paris of Haryana. And the first step towards its goal should not start on potholed roads.The satellite town of Chandigarh fails to provide a basic facility to its residents - smooth roads. Pitted roads that endanger commuters' lives are a common problem in Panchkula, an ailment which grows uglier during monsoons. Fed up with the rickety ride, residents want the authorities to address the issue on priority. Sunita Singla, a resident of Sector 12, said, \"The government says Panchkula will be a role model for other cities of the state, but the ground reality is otherwise. What to talk of other facilities, the residents are not even able to enjoy a smooth ride.\"\"We have every right to have good roads because we pay taxes to the government,\" said Anand Mehta of Sector 19. Even in \"VIP areas\" the situation is no better. Karamveer Singh, a resident of Sector 6, said, \"Many bureaucrats reside in our area. But the roads in the Sector are potholed. These haven't been recarpeted for long.\" \"Bad roads take a toll on our vehicles too. Once when I was going to a Sector 10 market, my car got stuck in a pit. When it came out after much effort, I found its tyre punctured,\" said Ayush Goyal of Sector 10. Suresh Sura of Sector 11 said, \"Every day I have a rough ride as I go to Industrial Area. And all my requests to the authorities concerned to better the roads have fallen on deaf ears.\"MC executive officer O P Sihag said, \"For some roads tenders have been cleared. And estimates have been approved for a few. Major potholes will be soon covered and roads recarpeted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679137", "title": "Pune's first liver transplant patient dies", "text": "PUNE: The 54-year-old man who had undergone a liver transplant at the Ruby Hall Clinic on Monday died after 48 hours due to cardiac rhythm disturbances (arrhythmia) and metabolic derangement, according to a statement issued by the hospital on Thursday. This was the first-ever cadaveric liver transplant in the Pune city.\"The surgery was successful and the transplanted liver functioned normally, but the patient died due to arrhythmia and metabolic derangement after 48 hours,\" the hospital's statement said.The transplant surgery was initiated late night on September 30 and completed at 9 am the next day. The patient died at 2.45 pm on October 3.A multi-disciplinary team comprising five surgeons, five anaesthetists, two hepatologists, intensivists, nurses and others came together to successfully harvest a 62-year-old cadaveric donor's liver which was transplanted into the patient with end-stage liver disease.The family of a 62-year-old man from Satara had donated his liver, kidneys and corneas after he was declared brain-dead. \"The event was significant because it marked the beginning of a new era of transplant medicine in the city of Pune,\" the statement said.P K Grant, managing trustee of the hospital, said in the statement, \"We are planning to establish a robust organ transplant programme for liver, heart, pancreas and other organs in the hospital to add to the existing kidney transplant programme which is well-established.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677579", "title": "13 tested positive for dengue in September", "text": "NAGPUR: Of the 34 blood samples that were tested for Dengue as many as seven samples had tested positive in September. North Nagpur is the worst affected. Of the seven patients, three were from North Nagpur, said deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir.He said that no dengue related death has been reported. Those who were tested positive are residents of Ajanta Colony in Byramji Town, Mahendra Nagar, Jaitala, Habib Nagar, Nari-Kamptee road, Gond Mohalla near Rani Durgawati Square and Ladpura at Pachpaoli.According to statistics available with NMC's health department, this year till September 2012, as many as 13 patients have tested positive for dengue fever (of 51 samples sent for testing). Dr Ganvir said that the mosquito which causes the disease bites only during the day time. These mosquitoes have stripes on their body, he added.Meanwhile, NMC's health department officials are busy preparing latest updates on dengue. This they have to submit before the civic chief twice a week. Moreover, the municipal commissioner wants fresh data from the NMC on a daily basis.Though the civic chief has advised people not to panic over the spread of dengue in the city, he has taken the issue seriously and has made it a point to get every possible update from the NMC. On Thursday, he convened a meeting of health department officials from both NMC and Zilla Parishad to review the situation. Wardhane also directed the assistant municipal commissioners of all the 10 zones to remain alert.Wardhane also appealed to the people to observe dry day at least once in a week. People should empty and wash their storage containers daily. Coolers and other things like flower pots and earthen pots should also be cleaned and kept dry. If any citizen has any query related to the disease he/she can call NMC health department officials, Dr Aditi Tyadi (9822724535) and Dr Ashok Urkude (9823074729).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16677849", "title": "Signals Vihar residents celebrate 30th year of colony foundation", "text": "MHOW: The residents of Signals Vihar, an exclusive colony of retired defence services officers, met on Thursday at the colony community hall to celebrate the completion of 30 years of the colony. The colony is situated in the village Ganglakhedi which is adjacent to Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE).One of the founders of the colony and former MCTE commandant Maj Gen BS Paintal earlier addressed a press conference and highlighted the uniqueness of the colony. He said that the colony is a unique commune of retired veterans who hail from different parts of the country. He further said that the colony has proved itself to be one of the biggest successes among such colonies of Defence veterans all over the country and is also a model for veteran communities.The ladies club of the colony is organizing a function at the Defence Services Officers Institute (DSOI) on Friday. On this occasion, the club will hand over two paintings made by Mira Paintal to DSOI patron and Army War College commandant Lt Gen PG Kamath. Mira is also the founder of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677869", "title": "Ayurvedic doctor killed for denying treatment in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Enraged over being denied treatment, unidentified miscreants murdered a doctor at his clinic behind Velocity multiplex in Rambag Colony here on Thursday evening. The doctor's son and MBBS student, who tried to intervene sustained injuries.At around 7pm, Dr N K Gupta, 50, a resident of Sudama Nagar, was in his clinic when three unidentified persons walked in for treatment. A dispute took place between the doctor and the three and one of them whipped out a revolver while two others stabbed him to death. His son Kuldeep Gupta, an MBBS student assisting his father at the clinic, tried to save him but the miscreants attacked him as well.The two were rushed to a private hospital where the doctor was declared brought dead. Kuldeep, who sustained serious injuries was later rushed to MY Hospital. His condition is said to be critical.Gupta is said to be a government doctor working in Kshipra.Superintendent of Police (East), O P Tripathi said that the Ayurvedic medical practitioner was in his clinic with his son when three people came. There was some dispute between them and they stabbed Gupta. His son Kuldeep tried to save his father and the accused attacked him as well, he said.Tripathi said, Kuldeep is the student of MBBS final year in MGM College and he was assisting his father in the clinic when the incident took place.About the motive, he said that the investigations are in initial stages. However, sources said that local goon Sachin, a resident of Patel Nagar, is believed to be one of the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680627", "title": "New portal to address radiation complaints", "text": "If your complaint of high radiation (more than prescribed limit of 450 milliwatts /sq m) from cell towers around your home or office establishes the fact, the tower owner will be fined Rs 5 lakh for each offending tower.Moreover, the charge of Rs 4,000 initially to be paid by you to the department of telecommunications to check the radiation, will have to be returned by the tower owner, through the department. Over 160 people in the city have already sought checks on radiation levels in their vicinity, citing growing headaches, sleep disturbances and even miscarriages as after-effects of towers.Inaugurating a helpline and a web portal on which citizens can register complaints against cell towers in their areas, Union minister of state for telecommunications Milind Deora said, \"If a tower does not comply with the norms, the complainant will not have to pay the fees but the tower's owners, maybe operators, will have to pay the fees besides the fine.\" But if a complaint is found frivolous then the fee of Rs 4,000 will not be returned.Interestingly, of the 160 complaints received by the Telecom Enforcement and Resource Monitoring (TERM) cell, only 12 have been checked so far as the cell, with its present strength of six officials, can't monitor more than one complaint a week. Monisha Biswas of the TERM cell said a majority of the complainants were apprehensive about the effects of radiation on their health. \"The complaints show panic among people living closer to radiation towers. A lady complainant said she doubted radiation as the reason behind her miscarriages,\" said Biswas.Deora said to address complaints, the TERM cell will therefore conduct necessary tests at the tower sites with the help of Telecommunications Consultants India Ltd (TCIL), a public sector unit under the ministry of communications and IT and an independent body. \"Five teams of TCIL will handle 15 complaints daily. Test reports will also be uploaded on the web-portal for appraisal of the respective complainants in an interactive manner. This exercise will be in addition to the test audit being conducted by TERM cell on a random basis covering up to 10% of the tower sites,\" said Deora.Citizens can also contact the TERM cell through phone 28574300, fax-28573535 and email - emr.termcell@gmail.com.Local self-government bodies will also play a crucial role in curbing the menace of cell tower radiations. The Union telecommunications ministry has sought the help of all states and municipalities to frame and implement rules so that illegal and dense mushrooming of cell towers can be avoided.RADIATION RISK FROM CELL TOWERSJEOPARDISING PUBLIC HEALTHPeople living close to cell phone towers and therefore with prolonged exposure to radiation may experience fatigue, memory loss, joint pains, sleep disturbances, headache, irritation, lack of concentration, increased heart rate, over anxiety, hypertension, and in serious cases may lead to neurological disorders and cancer and increase in body temperatureNeurological | Predominant one-sided phone usage and exposure for a large duration (usually more than 10 years) were found in some studies to raise the risk of brain tumoursPsychiatric | Psychiatrists report increasing incidence of ringtone anxiety in which users imagine their phone to be ringing or feel it vibratingCardiovascular | Mobiles can cause electromagnetic interference in the working implanted pacemakersEndocrine | A French group studied the influence of electromagnetic fields emitted by GSM-900 cellular telephones on steroid and pituitary hormone levels in healthy males and discovered dropsReproductive | Rats subjected to mobile radiation were found to have damaged DNA and low sperm count (Source: Journal Of Association Of Physicians Of India)LODGE YOUR COMPLAINTS Cell tower radiation complaints can be registered on www.dot.gov.in through a link 'public grievance - EMF radiation' A DoT team will visit your society for which a fee of Rs 4,000 will be charged If radiation levels higher than the prescribed limit are detected, the fee will instead be charged from the company owning the tower which will also be fined Rs 5 lakh Citizens can also call on the helpline 9969555000 to register their complaints The complaint will be attended to within 10 days of payment of the fee There will be five monitoring units for the city So far over 160 complaints have been received but only 12-13 were checked due to a shortage of staff The city has 12 cellular operators and over 23,800 towers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678603", "title": "CSA sells seeds worth Rs 16 lakh in a day", "text": "KANPUR: Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology made a record sale of Rs 16 lakh worth of seeds both on Wednesday and Thursday during the ongoing Krishi Mela at the varsity's campus.The university has sold 300 quintals of wheat, 10 quintals of mustard, 60 quintals of chickpea, 50 quintals of tablepea, six quintals of lentil and 5 quintals of vegetable pea (Azad P-3) seeds so far.A total of 1788 quintals of seeds worth Rs 95 lakh are up for sale during the four day event, out of which 1555 quintals are those of wheat. Farmers have been coming to the agriculture fair in large numbers to buy high yielding varieties of seeds developed by the CSA scientists.Naushad Khan, media incharge of CSA University informed TOI that the Krishi Mela will continue till October 6.An interactive session between CSA scientists and farmers was organised on Thursday in which vice chancellor, Prof PK Sharma participated and responded to the farmers' queries. Scientists told farmers about ways of meeting newer challenges in increasing their produce.The farmers were also told about the adequate quantity of fertilizers to be used in the fields. A large number of students also turned up at the fair to find out the employment and business in the field of agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16667833", "title": "Shoaib at dargah", "text": "Shoaib Akhtar , known as much for being the Charlie Sheen of cricket as for his fast bowling, was seen in a different avatar in Delhi on Wednesday - seeking blessings at the Nizamuddin Dargah.The cricketer, who apparently visits the dargah every time he's in Delhi, came late in the evening. Dargah official Syed Afsar Ali Nizami told us, \"Shoaib bhai came around 8pm and was accompanied by his friends. Unhone dargah pe chaadar aur phool chadhaaye.\" The fast bowler then went to Mehrauli Dargah (the oldest dargah in Delhi) on Thursday morning for haziri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678615", "title": "Show-cause notice to SP Rewa", "text": "KANPUR: Special metropolitan magistrate Ist Kanpur City JP Agarwal on Thursday issued a show-cause notice to superintendent of police Rewa (Madhya Pradesh) Bhagwant Singh Chauhan for non-compliance of court orders and asked him to send a senior police officer to explain why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against him.The court issued a non-bailable warrant and process for attachment of property against Yashoda Gupta, wife of Hanuman Prasad, resident of Khutahi Tehsil Huzur village of Rewa district to serve warrant and arrest the accused through advocate commissioner N N Gupta, who had met the superintendent of police and handed over the NBW and attachment of property process to Ashok Tiwari on his direction.The judicial officer Agarwal observed that in capacity of police official he had to serve the warrant and attachment processes against accused Yashoda Gupta by August 21, 2012 but had failed to do so. He further observed that the case (Vanshidhar Pandey v/s Yashoda Gupta) was of the Negotiable Instruments Act (cheque bouncing) and there were clear directions from high court to dispose it on priority basis. Warrant was not served against accused though it was sent by a special advocate commissioner. But it appears that the court orders had not been had not complied with deliberately, the judge observed.He asked the SP to apprise the court of who was responsible for non-compliance of court order. The court sent the NBW and process of attachment of property once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677255", "title": "In groups they move for safe passage", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Girls and working women in the city have been given phone numbers of police officials to complain in case of eve-teasing, while working women commuting to rural pockets using public transport have been advised to move in groups.Everyday, hundreds of school teachers, health workers, office-goers and others cover long distances and they have been advised to move in small groups, especially, if they are heading for a common destination. Working women were advised to hire a mode of transport entirely for their group to carry them to and fro on a regular basis. Such vehicles can pick up them from their home, drop them to their office or working centre and drop them back home after work.School teacher Mamta Sharma says \"My family members had always been anxious about my safety when I left for school but since I began traveling in groups, they have been relaxed.\" She said earlier, it was not easy to catch a tempo waiting for hours and on finally getting a transport there was the nuisance of anti-social elements sharing it and passing lewd remarks or making physical advances. In this scenario, more and more women would benefit out of adopting police guidelines, she added.There are several who have now begun to move in groups. tnn \"We have made a pool of seven teachers and three health workers and everyone is paying Rs 1,000 to tempo owners pick us up from our respective houses for office and drop us back home in afternoon or evening,\" said Preeti.She added that the idea of forming a pool came to her colleague's mind and she convinced everyone about it. When the family members came to know about it, they were appreciative and encouraged the girls to bring more working women into their fold.As far as eve-teasing cases are concerned, victims or their family members don't speak about the incidents and avoid approaching the police because of the social stigma. On the other hand, some parents and guardians rue that inaction on the part of police forced them to keep quite instead of leading an attack on eve-teasers. There are several instances when eve-teasing turned violent leaving people injured while laxity of the police could not provide any relief to the victims either. Working women feel police should deal with miscreants strictly and punish them on the spot.In the past 18 months, over 143 cases of eve-teasing, molestation and rape were registered in police records. Police here claim to have sorted out most of the cases, but complaints of eve-teasing pile up at every police station and outposts. Police claim that eve-teasers are generally booked under three different sections including 294, 298 (A&B;) and 509.But in most of the cases, eve-teasers were booked under 294 of IPC, said to be the mildest section and they were hardly convicted as they managed to get bailed easily. \"How many parents or guardians are ready to speak against eve-teasers during court hearing,\" asks a police official, adding, \"When you ask them to come to the police station they tell the police to settle the case in their absence.\"Section 294 of the IPC is the only section which doesn't require any evidence or witness from public or victim. Victims shy away from action against the accused and go underground when asked to pursue their cases. Police department is currently stressing punishing eve-teasers publicly.While a section of women claims \"Eve-teasing is a mild term for the acute mental and physical harassment they brave on routine. Moving in groups to college or going to educational institutes or markets with family members is the only option to protect ourselves from the ordeal,\" said Soni to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678158", "title": "Forces tribunal bench gets judge after 6 months", "text": "CHENNAI: Six months of uncertainty for litigants fighting cases related to service in the armed forces are set to end on Friday when Justice V Periya Karuppiah, who retired as Madras high court judge on Thursday, is sworn in as judicial member of the Armed Forces Tribunal (ART) Chennai bench.Established in August 2009 for swift resolution of grievances of members of the armed forces, the tribunal, which has a jurisdiction over Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, has not been functioning since April when judicial member Justice A C Arumugaperumal Adityan retired. Lt Gen (retired) Anand Mohan Verma is the administrative member of the tribunal.\"It will bring cheer to hundreds of litigants from different parts of TN and Andhra Pradesh,\" said M K Sikdar, an advocate who practises at the tribunal and is also chief editor of the Armed Forces Tribunal Law Journal.Since its inception, the Chennai bench has cleared around 600 cases mainly related to compensation to dependents of armed forces personnel. Every year, on an average, the tribunal handles more than 100 cases. Currently, around 90 cases are pending before it.The Armed Forces Tribunal Act, passed by Parliament in 2007, came into effect in June last year. It provides for adjudication by the tribunal of disputes and complaints about commission, appointments, enrolment and service conditions in respect of those covered by the Three Services Act, and hearing of appeals arising out of orders, findings or sentences of court martial. The tribunal will have original jurisdiction in service matters and appellate jurisdiction in court martial matters.Though the Chennai bench reopened after vacation on June 1, it remain non-functional because no direct appointment can be done by the principal AFT bench in New Delhi. It can only be done with the consent of the defence ministry. As a result, cases were merely adjourned. Representations by the Armed Forces Tribunal Advocates' Association from Chennai were made to the ministry of defence and to chairperson A K Mathur in May, but the vacancy remained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16679392", "title": "Hi-tech dumpyard saves money for HDMC", "text": "Hubli: Bangalore can take a cue from Hubli-Dharwad in the management of garbage dumpyards. A year ago, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) went high-tech by setting up CCTV cameras and a computerized weighbridge at a garbage dumping yard on Karwar road. To ensure proper disposal of solid waste and to keep vigil on the management of the dumping yard, HDMC had set up two CCTV cameras and weighbridge by spending around Rs 12 lakh. The investment has paid dividends as the continuous monitoring mechanism ensured improvement in the waste disposal mechanism and management. Around 250 tonnes of garbage are generated everyday in Hubli city. To dispose them, 36 tractors and 15 dumpers have been pressed into service. While the tractors carry one tonne of garbage per trip, the dumpers do four trips a day. The CCTV cameras and weighbridge have ensured that the contractors don't fudge the numbers. So if a tractor brings less than a ton of garbage, the supervisor of the dumping yard and HDMC control room officer is alerted. The next time the errant driver has to load more garbage as compensation. All the tractors bringing garbage are weighed at the weigh bridge before the garbage is unloaded at the designated place in the dump yard. \"Earlier we used to count the number of trips and had not bothered to weigh the garbage. As a result around 150 tonnes of garbage used to be dumped every day. Now with the improvement in monitoring system, there has been increase in the quantum of garbage dumped and the number of trips have reduced,\" said an employee of the dumping yard. \"Things have improved after setting up the high-tech device at dumping yard. With this we are extracting good work from civic workers and sanitation contractors,\" said HDMC special officer H S Naregal. The move has elicited praise from the public as well. \"It is a good development at the garbage yard as officials can keep close watch on the work at the yard from the main office itself. The commissioner should personally monitor the activities at the dump yard. There should be first-aid facility for those working in the dump yard as they are prone to injuries,\" said M C Sindhur, social activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678863", "title": "Lack of cheap lodging keeps tourists away", "text": "LUDHIANA: Foreign and domestic tourists coming to the city have to put up with lack of adequate number of budget hotels and guest houses. The number of high-end hotels in the city is much higher and is set to go up further with nearly a dozen hotels coming up in industrial area.This is one reason why despite an increase in number of tourists coming to the city, the number of tourists coming in for overnight stay continues to be low, with the city acting as a gateway to popular tourist places in Himachal.In fact the number of domestic tourists opting for overnight stay in the city registered a dip from 9,99,397 to 9,67,102 between 2008 and 2010. The city has a total of 43 hotels (tariff of Rs 700-15,000) even as there are only 10 guest houses (tariff of Rs 200-15,00), while the number of budget hotels (tariff of Rs 60 to 800) has not increased from the figure of 16 in recent years.\"The neighbouring states of Himachal and Haryana have several guest houses catering to employees of different organizations and the general public, who may not like to spend much on hotel stay. This is something missing in Chandigarh. Many foreign tourists want cheap accommodation and don't mind having home cooked food,\" said Amarjeet, a tourist guide in Sector 17.\"If you leave out high-end tourists, most visitors from adjoining states wouldn't want to stay in an expensive hotel in Sector 35 for a couple of nights. If the administration wants to promote Chandigarh as a popular tourist destination, it should take steps to offer more lodging options to visitors,\" said a lecturer in hospitality at a city college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675683", "title": "Soon, cyber security with indigenous technology", "text": "HYDERABAD: In about two years, cyber security measures with indigenously developed technology will be available for protecting the cyber network of the country. The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is halfway through the mission involving different organisations. The mission involves developing indigenous routers, operating systems and processors.DRDO's chief controller, R&D; (Med, Mist and Cyber Systems) Keshav Dattatreya Nayak told TOI on Thursday that the DRDO already had a cyber security system in place and with the infrastructure that it has, a system would be developed to protect the country's network as a whole. He said the Advanced Numerical Research and Analysis Group (Anurag) of the DRDO in Hyderabad was among the several organisations in the country which were working towards building a secure cyber network.Nayak was in the city in connection with C-DAC's Technology conclave. Speaking here, Nayak said what was important was more intellectual properties getting registered as these are the ones that bring revenue. He pointed out that in knowledge generation, while China which went ahead with a vision was credited withled with19 to 25%, the same in India accounted for only 3.5%. \"India is an intelligent race. They have demonstrated that they can do it abroad, can do in India for others but they have to do it in India for India,\" he said explaining that Indian's need to use their intelligence and work for the country, rather than for foreign companies.On the occasion, two softwares developed by C-DAC were released. The 'Balsahara' is a mobile and web-based children's homes automation software developed by C-DAC, Hyderabad. It can also be customised for various institutions for women , differently abled and old age homes. The Meghdoot 1.0 software is a free and open source cloud stack developed by C-DAC Chennai. It is a one-stop solution for establishing Cloud environment. Prof Rajat Moona, director general, C-DAC told newsmen that Meghdoot 1.0 was being made available for free to anyone interested in it.Prof N Balakrishnan, Associate Director, Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru, said the focus of C-DAC would have to necessarily be on research as it would have to meet the needs of the future. He recalled that in the past, the US would not even as much entertain the idea of transferring basic technology to India but the country went ahead and built a super computer. \"Today, they want to sell but we do not need to buy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677154", "title": "14 child labourers rescued from factory in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Thursday 14 child lobourers were rescued from a garment industry in east Delhi after a raid was carried out by Sandeep Gulati, SDM Geeta Colony based on a complaint filed by an NGO.The children, allegedly trafficked victims, were rescued from the factory in old Seelampur. The SDM was assisted by police, members of labour department and NGO activists. The rescued children were reported to be between the age group of 8- 15 years and most of them belong to Bihar, said a press statement from the NGO. \"The children belong to poor families and were brought to Delhi by the traffickers on false pretext of getting them job. The children worked in deplorable conditions with no freedom of movement. For past six months they had been working for 15 hours a day without getting any wages,\" said an NGO official.\"A large number of child labourers still work in small factories and unorganized sector in Delhi. Until the law enforcement agencies start taking severe steps and making child labour uneconomical, child trafficking will continue,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16681065", "title": "Tamil Nadu government hikes DA for its employees", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government proposed a seven per cent hike in dearness allowance (DA) for its employees on Friday.The announcement is in line with a recent central government proposal.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa said with the Centre announcing 7 per cent increase in DA, her government has decided to provide a similar hike in the basic pay of its employees and teachers.The additional expenditure would be Rs 1,443.50 crore annually on the exchequer, she said in a statement here.She extended the benefit to pensioners from the aforesaid categories also and said the hike will be paid in cash with retrospective effect from July 1, 2012.The move will benefit 18 lakh persons and encourage the government staff to more effectively involve themselves in public service, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679114", "title": "Children paint together an Indo-German story", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Sobhana Panicker, an artist from the city never thought that her casual chit-chat with Wilma Willers and Thurid Schwerdtfeger from Germany would bring about an Indo-German collaboration which would give her students an opportunity to explore the world.Sobhana, a teacher with the Pangode Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV), took 50 of her students' paintings to be put up at an exhibition in Germany in August. Her aim was to give exposure to her little champs.The trio has now returned with 30 more paintings, this time drawn by German kids, and have put them up at an exhibition that is currently on at the KV. This Indo-German collaboration, they feel, would help exchange the thoughts and imaginations of the children from the two nations.The bright colours and images portrayed in the 80 paintings by children speak about the various aspects of life they see around them.\"A picture speaks more than thousand words. Kids from both the countries have communicated with each other through colours and shapes. Indian kids are more attached to the sun, mountains and brighter colours. But in Germany, they love to draw animals and shapes. I think we have linked two continents through colours,\" smiled Wilma.The exhibition, part of a project titled 'How the children see the world', is sponsored by the German Institute of Global and Area Studies (GIGA). The project is being jointly organized by Shobana, an artist and a German teacher with the KV, and GIGA officials Wilma and Thurid.\"We wanted to encourage our kids to explore the world outside their textbooks and classrooms. As an artist and a teacher it is my commitment towards my students. The Germans were happy seeing our paintings. They all said that our paintings are very colorful and lively, exactly like our nation,\" said Shobana. Looking at the paintings of Olivia Schumamn, a four-year-old from Germany, Gowri, an eighth standard KV student said German kids preferred pastel colours to brighter shades.\"If it was me, I would have opted for bright red and yellow for the princess' dress instead of tint shades. German paintings are less colorful than ours. I think our imagination is more related to nature and they think of lines, patterns and designs while painting,\" she said.According to Divin and Rhea, whose paintings travelled across the seas, it was a great opportunity and they were excited to know that their counterparts in Germany too liked their paintings.\"My dad and mom were very happy. They were surprised hearing about the exhibition. I will preserve these paintings forever. It has now seen the whole of Germany,\" beamed Divin, a third standard student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677585", "title": "No takers for RU anti-trafficking course", "text": "RANCHI: After left-wing extremism, the biggest problem faced by the state today is human trafficking. Keeping this in mind, Ranchi University with the Jharkhand State Women's Commission started a six-month PG diploma course in anti-human trafficking on February 18, 2012.The course was started with a view to spread awareness about human trafficking. There are 100 seats in the course out of which 34 seats were occupied in the first session. Unfortunately, in the second session the course has been unable to attract students.Dr Karma Oraon, in charge of the course, said, \"We had to extend the last date of taking admission thrice as there were no takers for the course. \"Oraon fears that the course may have to be closed due to lack of funds. \"It is a self-financing course, meaning the course will be financed from the fees of students. If there are not many admissions then the course will shut down automatically,\" said Oraon. The main reason for non-admission in this course is lack of awareness among students. Vinita Kumari, a student of RU said, \"I had no idea that we could do two courses from the university at the same time. Had I known this, I would have definitely opted for some other course along with Masters in political science.\"The other reason behind students avoiding the course is uncertainty about getting a placement after completing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16677569", "title": "Noida Extn farmers to get cheques worth Rs 150cr", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority on Thursday released Rs 150 crore to its land acquisition department to resume disbursement of pending cheques to farmers of Greater Noida West (Noida Extension).This step is in response to farmers venting their ire against developers last month by stalling construction of few housing projects.The Authority has also decided to take a loan of around Rs 800 crore from banks to pay the farmers their compensation dues at the enhanced rate of 64.7%. The Authority had stalled disbursement of compensation cheques in December last year as it was facing a severe cash crunch.The Authority is yet to pay at least Rs 1,000 crore due to the farmers as enhanced compensation directed by the Allahabad high court in October last year. While it has already written to the state government requesting financial aid, developers with upcoming projects in the Greater Noida West area have also resumed paying their instalments on allotment after the NCR Planning Board approved the Master Plan 2021.\"The Authority hopes to receive all due instalments from developers for the period between October 2011 and September 2012 by the end of this month. Following this, we hope to pay the farmers their enhanced compensation and settle their grievances,\" an Authority official said. \"Once money from the developers is received, the Authority can also resume development work that had remained stalled for almost 10 months,\" he said.The developers owe the Authority around Rs 20,000 crore as instalment for the land allotted to them in Noida Extension. The Authority had collected nearly Rs 300 crore from the developers. However, following the land dispute, most developers stopped paying the instalments. For just the period between October 2011 and September 2012, the developers owe the Authority a sum of around Rs 1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16678166", "title": "MHA finally shaken out of slumber", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Lt Gen (retired) K S Brar \u2014 who escaped an assassination attempt by suspected Khalistani militants in London \u2014 questioned the Centre's silence over a memorial inside the Golden Temple for those who died in Operation Bluestar, the home ministry on Thursday decided to send a team of officers to Punjab to discuss such activity.Even a section within the intelligence and security establishment has expressed concern and told the ministry about the repercussions of having such a memorial inside Golden Temple.They view the ongoing construction of the memorial as an attempt by hardliners to scratch old wounds which may bring bitter memories of the militancy era to the new generation.\"We are seized of the matter. We will send a team of officers to Amritsar and Chandigarh to discuss the issue in the light of the concerns expressed by many people over the construction of such a memorial,\" said a top home ministry official.He said the team, along with officials of state government, would also interact with representatives of Damdami Taksal \u2014 a Sikh seminary once headed by militant leader Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale \u2014 which is building the memorial. The construction of the 18-feet memorial, which is coming up near Akal Takht \u2014 the supreme temporal seat of the Sikhs \u2014 inside Golden Temple is expected to be completed before June 6, 2013 \u2014 the next anniversary of Operation Bluestar.Expressing concern over the memorial, Lt Gen Brar - who has been on the hit list of Khalistani militants for leading Operation Bluestar to flush out terrorists from Golden Temple in June 1984 \u2014 on Wednesday said, \"The Centre has to step in and stop it. Otherwise, we are going back to the early 1980s.\"Talking to reporters in Mumbai after returning from London, he also questioned the Centre's silence over such a serious matter. He said, \"The Centre says it cannot intervene because this is a state subject. What state subject? If it affects national security and unity, then state subject is not a state subject. The Centre has to step in.\"Criticizing the decision of the Punjab government to allow construction of the memorial, Lt Gen Brar said those being referred to as \"martyrs\" were actually \"murderers, criminals and terrorists\".He was quoted by newspapers as saying, \"They are not martyrs and you are honouring them and their families. The top politicians of the Akali Dal and the chief minister are attending these functions. They are not stopping it (the construction).\" He also rued that no monuments were being built for police and Army personnel who lost their lives while protecting national integrity and sovereignty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677664", "title": "Restroom break for these students, a nightmare", "text": "COIMBATORE: Academic performance is the least of their worries for students of Panchayat Union Primary School in Kurichi, for they have to face a more pressing worry on a daily basis; the lack of toilets in school. Running out of a dilapidated building with numerous cracks snaking across the ceiling, the school's makeshift toilet is an open space with a partition at a corner of their campus. Needless to say, the urinal for both boys and girls is reeking of urine in the absence of proper drainage and water facilities.The students are not the only ones who suffer. Although the staff have a dedicated toilet, it is most often clogged and not in usable condition. Consequently, it is kept locked. Spending an entire day at school without proper toilets is proving to be an ordeal for both teachers and students.\"It is very difficult at times. Sometimes we go to the adjacent compound. The urinal section also does not have proper facilities and is very untidy,\" said G Dheendhayalan, a class 5 student.The school is actually situated close to the city near Kurichi tank, not in any remote corner. Thus, the lack of basic facilities is a real shame. There are five teachers and 124 students from class I to V enrolled in the school at the moment. School authorities have been constantly sending petitions and reminders to the education department highlighting their plight.\"There are no proper toilet facilities for the students. Even the staff toilet is not in a usable condition and has been kept locked, only to be used in case of emergency,\" says a senior teacher of the school who was hesitant to have her name published fearing departmental action.The school was initially started in 1921 and went up to class 8. Now it has become a primary school. The apex court's order to all state governments to ensure proper toilet facilities at schools, especially for girl students in the next six months is the last ray of hope for these children and teachers. They also said that often reptiles slither inside the school campus especially near the open makeshift urinals and teachers are forced to accompany the young children to the urinals.The students hesitate to use the urinals. When the school was inspected in light of the Kumbakonam school fire tragedy in 2004, it was termed unusable.The corporation primary school functioning out of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University campus is another example of pathetic facilities. Cramped up in a small room without proper blackboard facilities 70 students from class I to V are taught their daily lessons simultaneously due to lack of space. The old school building was demolished and a new one is under construction for the past year and it will take another six months for completion, said the authorities.\"We are carrying out the construction of the new school building which will be completed at the earliest. The new building will have all facilities including proper toilets and dining hall for students,\" said E Senthil, corporation councillor ward no 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16677095", "title": "Two injured in Cuttack firing", "text": "CUTTACK: Two youths were injured in a firing in the town's Bidanasi area on Wednesday night. Alok Sahoo (32) and Tapas Chaudhary (28) sustained bullet injuries when members of opposite groups fired at them, police said. Alok of Jhanjhirimangla got a bullet in his leg while Tapas received the bullet in his back. Both of them have been admitted to SCB Medical College and Hospital and their condition is stable.Police said the incident took place late on Wednesday night when two groups were consuming liquor at a shop in Bidanasi area. The groups entered into a heated argument over some petty issue as they were drunk. Suddenly the argument turned ugly and the two groups started firing at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678217", "title": "Australia warns asylum seekers against taking ferries", "text": "CHENNAI: Australia warned asylum-seekers not to be lured byfalse promises of 'people-smugglers' on Thursday and said it would not entertain claims of asylum by those who arrive in that country by boat.A new policy dealing with asylum-seekers proposes to transfer them to a detention centre on the South Pacific island nation of Nauru. Australian consul-general for South India David Holly said asylum seekers who reach the country would deprive themselves of the opportunity to work and earn. \"Under a new policy, there is no guarantee that people who arrive by boat will ever come to Australia. There is no advantage for them,\" he said. The announcement comes in the wake of thousands of Sri Lankan refugees being ferried to the Australian waters by boat operators who make a killing.Australia has registered 10,278 asylum seekers who arrived by boat till September 2012, which includes 3,536 Sri Lankan nationals. Australia recently deported 46 Sri Lankan asylum seekers. \"The new Australian policy addressing the issue transfers anyone coming to Australia by boat irrespective of whether they come with their families or if they were minors,\" Holly said.According to Indian Immigration officials many Sri Lankan citizens take such boats from Indian shores.\"Even after hostilities in Lanka came to an end, people continue to flee that country. Human traffickers offer them a boat journey for Rs 3 lakh to 6 lakh, depending on the size of the group,\" said a senior immigration official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679457", "title": "BKM Udupa's birthday celebrations", "text": "Mangalore: The KM Udupa felicitation committee will celebrate the 75th birthday of Karkada Manjunatha Udupa, a former executive of Syndicate Bank who has made significant contribution in formulating the nation's agriculture credit policy, at the New Ravindra Mantapa Hall, MGM College, Udupi on November 3. KM Udupa felicitation committee chairman LH Manjunath said that Udupa, who is currently a resident of Mandarthy village in Udupi district, joined the bank in the early sixties. Under the leadership of late TA Pai, Udupa was instrumental in designing the agriculture credit policy of the bank which is considered as a model for the other banks and he was a forerunner in deciding the National Agriculture Credit Policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680472", "title": "Varsity teachers sport black bands", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers of Mumbai University and its affiliated colleges on Thursday went about their work wearing black badges and bands.They were protesting against delay in the payment of Sixth Pay Commission arrears and first instalment of the cash component. The protest also marked delay in the payment of salaries for the months of August and September.The teachers got salaries for the two months on Wednesday. The protest was called by the Bombay University and College Teachers' Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16677157", "title": "Prostitution racket busted at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police on Thursday busted a prostitution racket by arresting two pimps-Ruksana Khan, 30, and Aiyaz Khan, 35-after a chase. A 20-year old girl, native of Hyderabad, who was forced into the flesh trade was rescued by the police and sent to the protective home at Merces.Both the accused were residing in Porvorim and are natives of Tardeo, Mumbai, police said.Police sources informed TOI that acting on a tip-off, the cops laid a trap for the accused by deploying a decoy customer. The decoy customer was asked by the accused to wait near the Apollo hospital, Malbhat, Margao, where they would come with the girl. But when the accused arrived in a car near the hospital, they suspected something amiss and sped towards the Konkan Railway station.The police who were lying in wait near the hospital, chased them. In the process, the accused's car dashed against the scooter that was being ridden by head constable Chandrakant Talwankar near the railway station, and further also hit the car driven by PSI Pravin Gawas at Ramnagari, near Sao Jose de Areal. The accused's car was finally intercepted by the police at Sonsoddo, and the occupants apprehended.The rescued girl, police informed, was brought to Goa on a false promise of providing a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16679055", "title": "Govt lines up policy to enlist, care for city's open spaces", "text": "The Maharashtra government appears to have finally woken up to the blatant misuse of playgrounds and recreation parks in the city. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is all set to unveil an Open Space Management Policy to enlist, maintain and systematically guide the use of green lungs in Mumbai; the city has a shockingly dismal record of just 0.03 acres of open space for every 1,000 people.The policy will be uniformly binding on multiple civic agencies in charge of open spaces, including the BMC, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA), Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) and Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada), among other agencies in possession of reserved open land.\"Different agencies have different mechanisms to maintain open spaces, such as the BMC for parks and gardens and MSRDC for spaces under its flyover, which they put to use for parking. The idea is to create a common data bank and prepare guidelines for uniform use of these open spaces,\" said a senior official.The state urban development department has put in place a seven-member panel, headed by the BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte, to prepare the policy in three months. Other agencies, too, will have a representative each on the panel. Officials said, the panel will continue to monitor implementation of its guidelines and give suggestions on reservation, purchase, maintenance and use of open spaces by civic agencies. \"At times rules have been relaxed to allow construction on the spaces. However, the revenue earned is not diverted to generate more open spaces. It is important this be monitored regularly,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16677127", "title": "Sub-divisional magistrate wants victim's handwriting sample", "text": "PONDA: Following a complaint from a brother of Chhaya Renukant Naik, 37, from Aksanwada-Shiroda, who was found hanging in her home on Tuesday, Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Johnson Fernandes on Thursday has asked for a sample of her handwriting.The SDM said that they found a suicide note on her bed in her house written in Konkani, stating that she had committed suicide. However, Santosh Chimno Naik, a brother of the deceased, expressed suspicion over the note and has complained that the style of writing and handwriting was not matching with her's.The brother and neighbours from her maiden home expressed doubts over the reliability of the suicide note and demanded that the handwriting be verified by experts. Chhaya's brother told TOI that he saw the suicide note and informed Fernandes that the hand writing in the note is not that of his sister. He has petitioned the sub-divisional magistrate that he suspects murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16652260", "title": "Insanely, I'm the most loved person: Karanvir", "text": "\"Heroes in Punjab don't dance, strangely. I want to change that,\" is how Karanvir Bohra justifies his need to make a 'stylish' Punjabi film, one where \"The audiences would get up on their seats and start dancing.\" Though of course, his other reason to produce a Punjabi script is that his wife wants him to. \"My wife, Teejay is a Sardarni and she told me specifically that she wanted to act opposite me if I were to get into the Punjabi industry,\" he grins with a sliver of mischief borrowed from his hugely popular negative shade Viraaj in the TV serial 'Dil Se De Dua Saubhagyavati Bhava'.But whoever says negative shades are most loathed off screen haven't faced the kind of adulation showered on this villainous character. \"I play a negative shade, but insanely I'm the most loved person when I go into the masses,\" he says referring to an episode of being nearly mobbed while scouting for locations for his Punjabi film while in Chandigarh and Punjab recently.So, is a wife's insistence enough to cajole an actor into making a regional film, especially when the language isn't native to him? (Karanvir hails from Rajasthan). \"No, that's not the only reason. See, my grandad Ram Kumar Bohra started film production. And thereafter, we produced so many films including the latest, Gangs Of Wasseypur , which was co-produced. But the production house doesn't just make Hindi films, but also other regional ones like Gujarati and have bagged awards also for some. So, when there is so much that's already being contributed for other languages, I thought why not Punjabi? And yes, Teejay being a Sardarni definitely is a motivation,\" he clarifies. But if you ask him, Love You Soniye , where he is paired opposite Teejay, isn't going to be a sundry Punjabi film. It will pack a vital ingredient hitherto missing in this region- style, whether it's in its treatment, action, romance, dance or music (the film has Richie Rich and Honey Singh remixing a few songs). \"The film is romantic and comic. But that doesn't mean it's a rom-com alone. In fact, it will have some action sequences never before seen in Punjabi films. It's a complete potboiler. It's something like what Salman Khan tries to do- bring loads of style to the script,\" he says with the intent of not wanting to be bracketed in the now fast becoming cliched genre of romcoms in Punjab. Yet, Karanvir agrees, comedy sells, every time, transcending language.Speaking of language, if anyone were to think that Punjabi would not come easily to this Rajasthani, he is quick to remind, \"I have done so much theatre that I am now naturally good at picking up dialects, languages. Besides, I always have my wife to correct my diction!\" But then, Love You Soniye has 'modern' advantages for Karanvir. \"The Punjabi in this film will not be thaith. It would be a mix of English, Hindi and Punjabi, something like Hinglish. Maybe we can term it Punglish!\" he laughs.Sounds different, right? But then, isn't that a Karanvir Bohra signature style? \"I do things differently always. Just like I left TV serial Kasauti Zindagii Ki at its peak, just like I turned a villain- Viraaj, into the most popular guy!\" he trails off. And even if he were to prove speculation about quitting Saubhagyavati Bhava right...well, that would be another 'different' from Karanvir!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680714", "title": "Anmol Preet, Sunny Aujla come together for Kalol", "text": "Anmol Preet is considered one of the freshest talents in the industry today with the release of his first official album 'Rooh' in December 2011. Preet came up as vocalist and lyricist for the album along with the budding vocalist Charan.Anmol Preet has been nominated in the category of Best Lyrics for PTC Music Awards 2012. Preet has been an ardent lover of writing poetry and songs since his teenage days. At the age of 16, Anmol Preet started writing by getting inspired from the Legend of Punjabi Music Industry- Gurdas Maan. He used to share all his penned thoughts with his mother &amp; classmates when he was studying in Lawrence Public School, Mohali.Being an inspirational mother, she helped him in being able to put his novel words in a unique fashioned way. Being a hobby Preet has been listening to the wonderful works of Baba Buleh Shah, Shiv Kumar Batalvi, Gurdas Maan, Anwar Masood.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679105", "title": "Chavan passes buck to ex-CMs", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan has passed the buck on Adarsh society to two of his predecessors even as he claimed he learnt about his relatives getting flats in the society only in 2010.\"The membership of a cooperative society, to whom a government land is allotted, is finally approvedby the chief minister,\" said Chavan, pointing fingers at Sushilkumar Shinde and the late Vilasrao Deshmukh who were at the helm of affairs when the approvals were granted. Chavan was questioned by senior advocate Dipan Merchant, counsel for the commission inquiring into the alleged scam.The CBI's main allegation in the CBI caseagainst Chavan is that he recommended civilians to be included in the society-initially meant for defence personnel-to benefit his relatives who were granted flats quid pro quo. who were granted membership quid pro quo.The application of Seema Sharma, wife of Chavan's brother-in-law, applied for a membership in 2003 when he was the revenue minister. Her application was rejected in 2004, but subsequently was approved in 2008. The CBI charge sheet claimed Adarsh applied for exemption from leaving 15% of the plot for a recreation ground and it was approved by Chavan, who was the CM at that time, in lieu of flats for his mother-in-law Bhagwati Sharma and a relative Madanlal, who filed their applications in 2009 when he was the chief minister. While the decision was still pending, the flats were allotted to Chavan's mother-in-law and Madanlal applied for flats, which were allotted to them allegedly as quid pro quo.But Chavan claimed he was not aware that his relatives had applied for flats in Adarsh. \"In October-end 2010, I leant that some of my relations had applied for flats in the society and it was granted to them,\" Chavan said, adding his relatives resigned from the society on October 29, 2010. He said his mother-in-law's legal heirs were his wife Amita and her brother. Vonod Sharma.\"I am not aware if my wife Amita consented to surrender the flat allotted to Bhagwati Sharma,\" said Chavan.The judicial commission has summoned IPS officer Sanjay Barve to appear as a witness on Friday. Barve's father was allotted a flat in the Adarsh society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679758", "title": "Woman set ablaze by in-laws for dowry", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old woman was allegedly set ablaze by her in-laws for not giving in to their dowry demands in Jaipur rural's Phagi on Wednesday night. Her family members lodged an FIR against her husband and in-laws saying that they were demanding dowry. Police said the in-laws claimed that the victim had caught fire accidently but did not inform police about the incident. Police said the incident took place at Mandawar village. The deceased , identified as Chandra Devi, was married to Janesh Kumar during a mass marriage ceremony in 2010. \"Janesh says his wife accidently caught fire in the kitchen while cooking food. However, her family members claimed that she was being harassed for dowry since marriage,\" Phagi police station SHO Anil Doriya said. The officer said a police team was rushed to the in-laws' house when the deceased's family members informed them about the incident. \"By the time, the police arrived at the house, the woman had died. The body was rushed to hospital where postmortem was conducted on Thursday. We are yet to receive the postmortem report. The in-laws have been booked for dowry death,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16681770", "title": "Rainy spell may trigger spurt in diseases: Docs", "text": "MUMBAI: The city experienced another spell of showers on Thursday morning. While this provided some relief from the sultry conditions, the wet spell could also lead to a spurt in diseases, said doctors.Between Wednesday evening and Thursday morning, Colaba received 2.5mm of rainfall and Santa Cruz 48mm, most of which was recorded in the morning itself.Some parts of the suburbs saw heavy rainfall. For instance, Chincholi Bunder (Malad) recorded 80mm, Ghatkopar-Vikhroli 61 mm, Kurla 59 mm and Vile Parle 53 mm between Wednesday and Thursday.The weather department has said there is no likelihood of a heavy spell in Mumbai. \"The little rainfall that the city received on Thursday morning was due to an upper air cyclonic circulation over the Arabian Sea,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at India Meteorological Department, Mumbai. \"There is not much clouding around the Mumbai area, due to which it is unlikely to rain heavily,\" he added.However, as the southwest monsoon has not yet withdrawn from the city, Mumbaikars may still have to grapple with rain-related diseases. \"Changes in the temperature are triggering a rise in cases of fever, itchy eyes and cough,\" said Dr Altaf Patel, who consults with Jaslok and J J hospitals. \"The respiratory problems, coupled with fever, are taking about 5-7 days to heal. We are also seeing an increase in presumptive dengue cases, wherein a patient suffers from fever, severe body ache and headache. But by the time they test positive after a week or so, they are cured,\" he said.However, Dr Mangala Gomare, head of the BMC's epidemiology cell, said a short spell of rain was unlikely to bring about an overnight increase in the number of diseases. \"The number of fever cases may go up after a few days. Instances of dengue, too, are slightly on the rise. But we always see dengue cases surging in October. As long as the preventive measures pertaining to mosquito breeding sites are followed, the intermittent rainfall should not be a cause for concern,\" she said.OCTOBER ALERTVIRAL FEVER: Caused by infections resulting in high body temperature &amp; weakness. Symptoms include fever, chills, body ache, cough &amp; cold DENGUE: Carried from person to person by the tiger mosquito (Aedes aegypti). Symptoms include a sudden onset of fever, headache and a falling platelet count CONJUNCTIVITIS: Can be a bacterial, viral or an allergic infection. It can cause swelling itching, burning, discharge and redness in the eyes and their adjoining areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16677497", "title": "Clash over canal\u2019s water claims two in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two farmers were killed in a group clash over withdrawal of water from a canal at a village in Etawah, the home district of CM Akhilesh Yadav , on Thursday, not far from his ancestral house and barely one km away from where he and his father, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , were to distribute unemployment allowance later in the day. Shockingly, Saifai police, preoccupied with VIP visit, reached the site three hours after the killings. No arrest has been made so far.Beginning with fisticuffs, the clash went on for over an hour before one member of a group brought a licensed gun and shot dead two opponents on the spot. Their bodies were left by the roadside for the next three hours before two police constables reached the site to begin preliminary investigations. Saifai police station in-charge Sanjay Yadav, who was busy with the CM's security arrangements, said about cop tardiness, \"There was nobody at the station. I sent two constables to the site after withdrawing them from VIP duty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16681715", "title": "Cop came to inquire about theft, raped me, alleges woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A Borivli woman has complained to the joint police commissioner of being raped by an MHB Colony police officer, under the threat of being implicated in a vehicle theft case. DCP Mahesh Patil said a probe will be conducted.The 25-year-old victim told the police that she had come out of rehab after taking to drugs. On September 30, an officer from the detection unit of the MHB police station visited the victim's house. He reportedly told the woman's parents that he needed to make enquiries with her as some of her friends were involved in a vehicle theft case. He took the victim in his car and then picked up one of her friends and took them to MHB Colony police station. The victim alleged that the officer touched her inappropriately that day. The next day, he allegedly took her to a Mira Road lodge where he signed his name and entered a fake name for the victim. After offering her drinks, the officer allegedly raped her. \"We are yet to verify the contents of the complaint,\" a top official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681421", "title": "I\u2019m in a nurturing phase: Rupali Ganguly", "text": "She plays the mother of three kids on Sony Entertainment Television's Parvarrish - Kuchh Khattee Kuchh Meethi and Rupali Ganguly was very clear that she did not want to play mother to a 20 year old something.But things changed a bit for Rupali with Parvarrish . \"I really wanted to play a mum on the show but not to some 20 year old. Maybe kids aged 9 and 10. But my daughter Raavi is a teenager. Fortunately or unfortunately, I am not married and I guess you reach an age and a phase after your thirties where you enter the nurturing mode. So I was really looking forward to playing this role\".While most of her contemporaries shy at the thought of playing a motherly role and even quit shows when they go for a time leap. But Rupali is not one to be deterred. \"I was offered three shows with Deeya Singh but I only wanted to do Parvarrish . The producers were considering which sister I should play but I was adamant to play Pinky.\"And her decision turned out just right. \"We have a blast on sets and it's so much fun during shoots. All the actors on sets including the kids are just brilliant\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677815", "title": "2 men shot dead in Ranchi. no arrests yet", "text": "RANCHI: A middle-aged man, Tej Narayan Singh was dragged for several kilometres and shot dead in Ratu's Bajpur village late on Wednesday. The incident occurred hours after a businessman, Sagar Mahto, 27, was shot dead in Dhurwa. Tej Narayan was killed hardly three km from the official residence of chief minister, Arjun Munda exposing poor night patrolling in the city.Villagers heard Tej Narayan's cries when he was being dragged. Ratu police said the dead body had a towel shoved into its mouth and its face was also covered with the same towel. Officer-in-charge of Ratu police station Satendra Narayan Singh said land dispute is likely to be the cause of the murder. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.\"Investigation is on to identify the culprits,\" rural SP A V Minz said. DSP Deepak Ambast carried out investigation in the area on Thursday. Raids were also conducted in Bajpur and neighbouring villages to nab the criminals. \"We came to know of some names that might be behind the crime,\" Ambast said.Brother of the deceased, Ganjeshwar Singh, said Tej Narayan wanted to sell the 35 acres of land in Sonachipi village under Chanho police station. \"A group of people were opposed to it. I am sure they must have hatched the plan to murder my brother,\" Ganjeshwar said. No clue has yet been found for Sagar Mahto murder case. He was shot dead last night by three unidentified bike-borne shooters in Dhurwa when he was standing by a shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16678731", "title": "Wildlife Week celebrations at Chandraprabha Sanctuary", "text": "VARANASI: A series of programmes would be organised at the Chandraprabha Wildlife Sanctuary of the Kashi Wildlife Division to celebrate the National Wildlife Week (October 1-7) on Friday.\"To mark the National Wildlife Week, the forest department will be organizing a programme at Chandraprabha Wildlife Sanctuary,\" said SDO at the Kashi Wildlife Division, Ramawatar Singh. Once a home of Asiatic Lions, the Chandraprabha Wildlife Sanctuary is situated in the forests between Chakia and Naugarh in Chandauli district. It is spread in an area of 9,600 hectares of forests having a core area of 2,686 hectares and buffer area of 66,000 hectares. The sanctuary was established in 1957, and Asiatic lions were introduced at Chandraprabha in 1958.The number of lions increased from three to 11 by 1969. However, later they were found missing. Chandraprabha sanctuary is endowed with beautiful picnic spots, dense forests, and scenic waterfalls like Rajdari and Devdari that attract a large number of tourists. A variety of wild animals and plant life are found at Chandraprabha. The wildlife includes black bucks, chital, sambhar, nilgai, wild boar, porcupine, and Indian gazelle. The reptilian species include gharial and python.\"Besides holding awareness activities like painting competition for the school children and seminar, we would also honour the people of local community for their service to the forests and wildlife,\" said Singh. The Chandraprabha wildlife sanctuary is one of the Protected Areas (PAs) of the National Wildlife Action Plan (2002-2016). The Action Plan was adopted in 2002 emphasizing the people's participation and their support for wildlife conservation.According to the report of the ministry of environment and forests, wildlife conservation and management in India is currently facing a myriad of complex challenges that are both ecological and social in nature. Issues include habitat loss/fragmentation, overuse of biomass resources in the context of biotic pressures, increasing human-wildlife conflicts, livelihood dependence on forests and wildlife resources, poaching and illegal trade in wildlife parts and products.According to the report, a network of 668 Protected Areas (PAs) have been established, extending over 1,61,221.57 sq kms (4.90% of total geographic area), comprising 102 National Parks, 515 Wildlife Sanctuaries, 47 Conservation Reserves and four Community Reserves. Uttar Pradesh has one National Park and 23 Wildlife Sanctuaries. The PAs are constituted and governed under the provisions of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972. Implementation of this Act is further complemented by other Acts like Indian Forest Act, 1927, Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and Biological Diversity Act, 2002 and the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678614", "title": "'Laila and two siblings struck on their heads after death'", "text": "MUMBAI: Starlet Laila Khan and two of her family members, who were allegedly killed by Parvez Tak, were repeatedly struck on their heads even after they had died, says the post-mortem report.Autopsy reports of Khan and her kin submitted along with the chargesheet mentioned that there were multiple fracture injuries on three of the victims, Laila and her siblings Azmina and Imran.\"Some of the multiple injuries seemed as if they were hit even after they had succumbed\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). The crime branch on Wednesday filed the 984-page chargesheet in the sessions court, stating that Tak killed Laila's mother, Saleena, first and five others at. Tak, who is Saleena's third husband, has been accused of murdering Laila and five of her family members.It was around 3.am on February 9, 2011 the party thrown by Tak ended. While Saleena stayed with Tak in the hall room, others-Laila, Azmina, Zara and Imran were in the different rooms upstairs of the Igatpuri farm house.\"The sequence of murders at the Igatpuri farmhouse started on February 8, 2011, after 3.15am as till than there are Laila's cell phone record to show that she was in touch with her boyfriend in Mumbai,\" said inspector Jyotsna Rasam.According to the chargesheet, Tak picked up a fight with Saleena and hit her with an iron rod. Hearing the commotion, Laila intervened but Tak assaulted the starlet; later, Azmina and others tried to collar Tak. At this point, an accomplice of Tak, Shakir Hussain, pitched in with spades and started hitting all of them.\"Initially, Imran retaliated but after he saw four of his family members succumb, he pleaded with Tak to spare him. However, Tak had no choice but to kill him,\" said a police officer.\"To make sure that none of them was alive, Tak and Hussain hit them repeatedly on their heads,\" he added.In his statement, Tak said he got a pit dug up at Laila's Igatpuri farmhouse in December 2010 and waited for three months for her family members to assemble there. Tak said that he had grudges against only Saleena and thought that if he killed Saleena alone, the rest of them will dig out the truth and hence decided to do away with the family and than flee with their booty. The six victims were eventually killed in February 2011, days after they went missing from their Mumbai.Tak tried to destroy the evidence by dumping the bodies in a pit dug for water storage, the chargesheet says.After cleverly dumping three of the bodies, Tak had put lot of cushions, blood stains bedsheets and other rods and than again put another three bodies and again put thick tiles on it. Police said that Tak did this to keep the wild animals away and in case if somebody dugs the place, they get a hard surface of the thick tiles.The police are awaiting the DNA reports of the six bodies recovered from the pit. Two knives, an iron rod, two spades, the torn clothes of the deceased, the post-mortem reports and some gold ornaments-including four rings-have been annexed to the chargesheet.Laila and her five family members went missing in February 2011, but the news of their murder broke only in 2012 when two MUVs belonging to the starlet-a Mahindra Scorpio and a Mitsubishi Outlander-were found in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.During the investigation, the J&K; police tracked down Tak and he eventually spilled the beans. Tak told the police that he killed Laila and her family members for various reasons. He also said he came to Mumbai and married Saleena. She reportedly promised him to give a break in Bollywood and took Rs 3.6 lakh for the same. However, neither did she help him bag a role nor did he get the money back, he alleged.After killing the six, Tak and Hussain dumped their bodies in the pit and went back to Laila's Oshiwara flat to fetch her six pet cats. They then removed all photographs from the family album and, with the help of two hired drivers, Mahboob Shaikh and Johny Girdar, took the two MUVs to J&amp;K.; The police now suspect that Hussain is in Doda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16682186", "title": "Yeddyurappa calls Cauvery order \"unpardonable crime\", sits on dharna", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa launched an attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday for asking Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu daily \"without assessment of ground reality\" on water storage levels in this state.Yeddyurappa, who began a day-long dharna to protest the CRA order, demanded that the Prime Minister withdraw the diktat without \"delaying even for a moment\".He stressed that the Prime Minister should have first sent a central team to the state to study the ground realities before issuing the order.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as chairman of Cauvery River Authority had asked Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu daily.Yeddyurappa termed the CRA order \"unpardonable crime\" and \"blow\" to the state and said it has hurt the harmonious relations between Kannadigas and Tamils. The Prime Minister passed the order for the sole reason of \"getting cooperation\" from Tamil Nadu.Yeddyurappa said the PM should get the report of the central team currently touring the Cauvery basin districts today itself, and withdraw the order by this evening to \"avert tomorrow's Karnataka bandh\".In this age, it's easy to find the storage levels in reservoirs and get all the data sitting in Delhi, he pointed out. \"I have decided to stay put here itself (dharna spot) tonight\".He said Saturday's Karnataka bandh (called by Kannada organisations in protest against release of water to Tamil Nadu) is not aimed at promoting the interest of any political parties; it's to protect the interests of the state, farmers in Cauvery basin and drinking water needs of Bangalore.\"I don't know what form tomorrow's bandh will take. If there are law and order problems, the Prime Minister and the Centre will be responsible,\" he said and demanded that four central ministers from the State - SM Krishna, M Mallikarjuna Kharge, M Veerappa Moily and K H Muniyappa - take a clear stand and convince the Prime Minister to withdraw the order quickly.He said Karnataka is facing severe drought and rains have now stopped in the state, while it has commenced in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16677606", "title": "Teacher suspended for exploiting students", "text": "BOKARO: A senior teacher, Rajender Pandey who was in charge of government-run Indradhanush Residential School for orphans in Jaridih, has been suspended by district education department for exploiting two orphan tribal students forcing them to work as a coolie (porter) for him.The students of Class VI, Ajay Murmu and Class V, Rakesh Marandi (names changed) burst into tears in front of a two-member inquiry team comprising area education officer, Prabala Khes and district coordinator, Anita Prasad when they visited the residential school to inquire into the matter.Narrating their woes to the officials, they said that Pandey forcibly took them to his native place Nawada in Bihar in a truck and used them for loading and unloading wooden furniture and such like from the vehicle while shifting from here to Nawada.Their agony didn't end there. After unloading the items from the truck in Nawada, the teacher later handed over both to the truck driver asking him to drop them back to school.\"I was shocked after hearing from these small children that they had loaded heavy wooden items like doors on to the truck. Moreover, they returned on the truck without any elderly person accompanying them. The two have said that during the journey to Nawada in the night at one point police stopped the vehicle and asked Pandey where was he taking such small children. But he escaped after bribing the policemen. During the course of the entire journey, the teacher had given them only two samosas and jalebi. The children have given us all this in writing ,\" said Anita.The matter came to light after a person, possibly the driver of the vehicle complained about the incident to DC Sunil Kumar who later directed district superintendent for education (DSE) Purender Vikram Sahi to inquire into the case. After getting the inquiry report against Pandey, the DC suspended him with immediate effect.Pandey will be retiring in six months. He was in the process of shifting base to Nawada. He was a teacher in Upgraded Government School, Jagashur, Jaridih but was posted at the Indraprastha Residential School a year ago. Being the senior teacher, he was made in charge of the school. There are 87 children including 51 girls and 36 boys in the school - all orphans.Sahi said that it is inhuman on the part of Pandey to have exploited the children for his personal work. The inquiry team also found that students of the school are in a state of fear because of him. \"This can't be tolerated and we have suspended him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676099", "title": "Half the city hasn't received house tax bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Almost half the houses in the city have not been asked to pay house tax, the primary source of revenue collection for the Lucknow Municipal Corporation.In a meeting presided over by additional municipal commissioner P K Srivastava, it came to light that records of almost 50 per cent of the surveyed houses have not been entered due to which bills for house tax collection could not be generated. Given the huge deficit the civic body is facing this fiscal, the revenue department officials were told to pull up their socks and ensure timely collection, citywide comprehensive survey of all the buildings, along with entry of the remaining records.The LMC managed to generate Rs 49 crore in house tax during the first half of this fiscal, Rs 6 crore less than its target. LMC is behind schedule in completing its half-yearly target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16677988", "title": "Dry weather conditions likely", "text": "BHOPAL: Clear sky with reduced air moisture led to uncomfortable weather conditions in the state capital. The prevailing weather conditions are expected to continue till the monsoon withdraws from the state, the weatherman added.Officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said though the monsoon has not withdrawn, the state is unlikely to get more rains. The increasing variation between the daytime and evening temperatures is due to the same reason, they said.The temperatures remained on a higher side on Wednesday. The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 35.4 (+2) degrees C against a minimum temperature of 20.5 (+1) degrees C.The weatherman said similar dry conditions are expected to prevail over the city on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677559", "title": "2 pickpockets held at Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Thursday arrested two youths from the Rabindra Sadan Metro station for allegedly stealing cell phones from the pockets of people. The duo was produced in court and remanded in police custody till October 9.The youths, identified as Mohammad Halim and Seikh Sabir, hail from Metiabruz in south west Kolkata. Police seized three expensive cell phones from them.On Wednesday evening, another cell phone snatcher was nabbed by the RPF personnel at Esplanade station and handed over to Bowbazar police station, said Pratyush Ghosh, deputy general manager (general), Kolkata Metro railway.Like crowded buses and markets, the city's metro railway too is not free from the menace of pick pockets and bag lifters. Till a few months ago, commuters used to feel that the metro rail, which is considered a highly protected zone, is free from such miscreants. But in recent times, metro has also turned into a pick pocket prone zone. Police also admitted the trend and advised commuters to stay alert even in the metro.On Thursday, officers of Kolkata Police's watch section intercepted two youths who allegedly lifted expensive cell phones from the pockets of metro commuters. Both youths Mohammad Halim and Seikh Sabir, were caught from Rabindra Sadan station and cops recovered three stolen cell phones from their possession. All three were quite expensive. Police said that both hail from Metiabruz area in south west Kolkata. On Wednesday evening, another cell phone snatcher was caught red handed by the RPF personnel at Esplanade station and later handed over to Bowbazar police station, said Pratyush Ghosh, Deputy general Manager (general) Kolkata Metro railway.Before this trend was exposed, metro commuters even fell pray to snatchers. Initially, police refused to believe that the crime occurred in metro. But later, a woman nearly caught a snatcher when he wrenched out a neck chain from her at Tollygunge metro station. Later, with the help of close circuit cameras installed at the station and platforms, officers of detective department managed to nab a gang of snatchers who used to operate at metro stations.Police said on the eve of the festive season, the metro is very crowded even in off peak hours. The miscreants are targeting commuters who have been travelling for shopping. Most of them are relatively less alert and it's easy for lifters to pick up cell phones or wallets from them. Officers of Maidan police station and RPF personnel deployed in metro stations who assisted the detective department in nabbing the lifters on Thursday, claimed that they got CCTV footage of both miscreants committing the crime. Police suspect that like the duo, more gangs are operating in metro rail. The detective department has decided to deploy their officers in metro to curb these criminals. After production in court, both accused have been remanded in police custody till October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16677535", "title": "Haryana rape count touches 11 in a month", "text": "KARNAL: The Haryana police arrested a 25-year-old man for repeatedly raping a woman on the pretext of marriage in the state's Karnal district, the fourth such case reported since Tuesday and the 11th in less than a month from Haryana.The 20-year-old victim, a resident of Gharounda, who is four-months pregnant levelled allegations of rape against the accused, Pardeep, who is a labourer. The girl's father works in a local gurdwara and both of them approached the police on Wednesday after which a case of rape was registered and the arrest subsquently made. Gharounda SHO Nayab Singh said Pardeep was married and misled the girl into believing he was a bachelor.Earlier, a 13-year-old girl was raped in Haryana's Rohtak district. A day before, a human trafficker raped a 28-year-old woman in the neighboring Jind district's Berlakha village.A 16-year-old girl was gang-raped by two youths in Bijauli village of Yamunanagar district.Separately, the Haryana police arrested five people in connection with the abduction and alleged gang-rape of a newly-married woman in Sonipat's Gohana on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16680963", "title": "Chandigarh Police arrest 2 bike thieves", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Police have arrested one drug peddler and two bike thieves from different parts of the city on late Thursday.In the first case, police signaled a bike with three youths on it, to stop in sector 49.While scrutinising the vehicle documents it was found that it was stolen from Uttar Pradesh (UP).\"We have arrested two youths whereas their third accomplice managed to flee away. The arrested accused were identified as Sri Ram, a resident of UP and Suresh Kumar, a resident of Uttrakhand. We suspect that they were also involved in snatching incidents in different parts of the city,\" said a police official here.In another case, police arrested a 25-year-old man named Vicky, a resident of sector 56 here, with huge quantity of contraband. He was arrested from sector 38.\"Police have recovered 2-kg cocaine and 200 grams charas from the possession of Vicky. He had to deliver this consignment to a drug dealer in sector 25. Police had intercepted him on the basis of a secret information and he had hidden the drugs in a carry bag. Our probe is on,\" said a police official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678092", "title": "Official pulled up for filming high court proceedings", "text": "CHENNAI: In a security and protocol breach in the Madras high court, a home department official was caught videographing proceedings in a sensitive case before a division bench on Thursday.The bench slapped a contempt of court notice on the official, A Venkatesan. While the bench of Justice K N Basha and Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar was hearing the legality of the detention of DMK strongman and former minister Veerapandi S Arumugam under the Goondas Act, Venkatesan was found filming the arguments with his mobile phone.A court assistant brought the matter to the judges' notice. Venkatesan is an assistant section officer attached to home (P&E;) department at the Secretariat, and said he had entered the court premises without an entry pass or permission from security authorities.He was carrying a file to make it appear as if he had come to the court to assist the government law officers. Taking exception to this, the judges said, \"It is seen that he was having a file with some blank papers, as if he has come to the court to give instructions to the public prosecutor or the government pleader.\"\"The said person is not in a position to explain as to what purpose he has come to the court today... It is also admitted by him that he has not obtained permission or pass from the security authorities before entering the court premises. It is also stated by him that he has not obtained any written permission for attending the court proceedings,\" the judges noted.\"These factors make it crystal clear that he appears to have interfered with the administration of justice during the court proceedings. Hence, Venkatesan is hereby called upon to explain as to why action for contempt of court proceedings could not be initiated against him,\" the judges said. They adjourned the case to October 5 for his reply.This is not the first time that Justice Paul Vasanthakumar has rapped a government officer for having attempted to videograph the court proceedings. Last month, he pulled up an official for a similar offence, but let him off with rebuke due to the intervention of additional advocate-general P H Arvindh Pandian. The judge expressed dissatisfaction at the lax security measures in the court and wondered how anyone could enter the premises without obtaining any entry pass or subjecting himself to security check.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678093", "title": "Take government nod to install statues", "text": "BANGALORE: Installing statues of prominent political leaders, religious heads and even freedom fighters could soon be a thing of the past in the state.The Kannada and culture department on Thursday issued a circular prohibiting installation of all kinds of statues of prominent personalities. \"Non-maintenance of such statues is leading to violence between communities. The organizations which install statues do not take care of them. This is follo-wed by desecration of statues, leading to violence,\" said Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol. While Ambedkar's statue is generally the target, even Mahatma Gandhi's wasn't spared on Gandhi Jayanti.Department sources said statues will be razed if authorities term them illegal installations. Only in special cases will the department give permission and statues can be installed in public or government places. In other cases, organizations can come forward to install them, but should give an undertaking to conserve, protect and maintain the statues. Hence, the government will have no role in their maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16681115", "title": "Four arrested in connection with attack on Lt Gen K S Brar", "text": "LONDON: In a breakthrough, British police arrested four people, including a woman, in connection with the attack on Lt Gen (retd) K S Brar, the hero of the 'Operation Bluestar' in 1984.\"Officers from the MPS have arrested three men and one woman on suspicion of conspiracy to murder in connection with the investigation into the attempted murder of an Indian man (Brar) in central London on September 30,\" a spokesperson of the Metropolitan Police Service told .\"All the four are being taken to a central London police station where they will be interviewed by detectives,\" he said.In the first arrest on Thursday, one 33-year-old man and a 40-year-old woman were held from Wolverhampton at about 17:00 BST (2230 IST), the spokesperson said.Another 34-year-old man was arrested after being stopped in a car in West Bromwich about 30 minutes later, while a 25-year-old man was arrested in the same circumstances at 19:00 BST (0030 IST), he said.\"All four are being taken to a central London police station where they will be interviewed by detectives. Inquiries are ongoing and police continue to appeal for information into the incident,\" he said.Brar (78), who had led 'Operation Blue Star' 28 years ago to flush out pro-Khalistani militants from the Golden Temple, was on a private visit when he was attacked by four men in Old Quebec Street near Oxford Street on Sunday night when he was returning to his hotel with his wife.Brar was stabbed and injured by four persons, suspected to be Khalistan sympathisers. He suffered a wound on his neck and cheek but his wife was not injured in the attack.The four men who attacked Brar were described as being of Asian appearance, all with long beards, and were wearing dark clothing and long black jackets.Earlier, the police had said that it was treating the attack as an attempted murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16682487", "title": "Nomination to committee a regular affair: Kanimozhi", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK MP and party chief M Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi sought to suggest on Friday that her nomination to a parliamentary standing committee was a regular affair, maintaining that nothing had been been proven against her in the 2G spectrum allocation case.\"Every MP is nominated to a committee,\" was her cryptic response when reporters asked about her appointment to the standing committee on home affairs.Kanimozhi said the case was going on and nothing had been proven against her.Kanimozhi and her DMK colleague, former telecom minister A Raja, another accused in the 2G case, and Suresh Kalmadi , named in the Commonwealth Games scam, have been appointed to parliamentary committees for home affairs, energy and external affairs recently.Their nominations drew flak from BJP, which said it showed that Congress-led UPA was not serious about fighting corruption.Congress had seen nothing wrong in the appointments, with party spokesman P C Chacko holding that \"It is the right of a member of Parliament to be on a Committee, whatever may be charges or allegations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682574", "title": "Kunal Karan Kapoor discharged from hospital!", "text": "Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha on Colors TV comes to an end today. Although fans are sad and disappointed, they have a reason to smile as the show will make a comeback in January 2013 with season two.But in the midst of the hectic schedules and shooting of the last few episodes, actor Kunal Karan Kapoor seems to be down and out. And the real reason behind this is Dengue! Kunal who plays Mohan in the serial has just been discharged form hospital!For all the curious fans eager to know what exactly happened, here goes. Kunal was feeling unwell since the 27th of September. It was only on the 29th that Kunal was admitted to hospital due to Dengue fever. The actor was recuperating in hospital since the last few days and was discharged only this morning.When contacted, Kunal was sounding very feeble and unwell and could barely speak. \"I've just been discharged form the hospital and am in no position to talk\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677657", "title": "Medical PG entrance aspirants sweat it out for forms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Applicants to post graduate courses in medicine and surgery had a tough time on Thursday as they queued up for procuring application forms for the entrance examinations. There was chaos and confusion as the mode of conduct of examination had been changed from this year with the National Board of Examinations entrusted with the task to conduct the tests. The entrance examinations for various MD and MS courses as well as post graduate diplomas are scheduled to be conducted between November-end and December. The applications forms for the diploma courses began to be distributed from Wednesday while forms for MD and MS entrance tests started to be issued from Thursday.Hundreds of MBBS graduates and their parents waited for hours in front of the Axis Bank branch near the Lakshmi Mills junction in the city, which was the only centre from where students could get tokens on payment of fees. They had to upload a secret number then on the internet. Students complained that the bank did not have necessary facilities to cater to such a large crowd.Dr N Sakthivel, who is taking entrance tests for both PG degree and diploma courses, said they had to wait for almost six hours to get tokens. \"We were waiting from around 6am on both days,\" he said. Though the applications will be available for the next two weeks, students had come in large number on the first day itself as the number of centres in south India was limited, he said.Dr H V Manjari, who waited till 12pm to get the application forms, complained that the entire process was disorganised. \"There is only one centre in the city to issues applications. There are only few centres in south India which have been filled up in the early hours. Now the centres vacant are in Assam, Kashmir and other distant places,\" she said. Till the last year, the All India institute of Medical Science (AIIMS) used to conduct the entrance examinations. \"They used to conduct it in a commendable manner,\" said Dr Vyshali Mohan another aspirant.The number of centres for the examinations must be increased from the present 30. Around 2 lakh students appear for the examinations and there ought to be more centres, students point out.However, bank officials blamed server problems for the chaos. \"Extra counters were arranged, but the server got jammed. Similar problems were reported from other parts of the country also,\" a bank official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677580", "title": "Bottling plant told not to use tubewells", "text": "KOLKATA: The civic authorities may seal five deep tubewells of an MNC's soft-drink bottling plant at Taratala to stop the depletion of groundwater and cut down the threat of arsenic contamination.Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has asked the plant to buy filtered water from the Garden Reach plant.The corporation put the plant under the scanner after it received an application to set up a sixth tubewell. The application was sent to the State Water Investigation Department ( SWID), which forwarded it to the KMC.\"I was not aware of the fact that the bottling plant at Taratala is already drawing a large quantity of groundwater through five tubewells. I refused permission for the sixth one and had the existing tubewells examined. They may be closed to stop depletion of groundwater and avoid the risk of contamination,\" said Tarak Singh, mayoral council member in charge of groundwater.KMC water supply officials say that each of the five big-diameter tubewells has the capacity to withdraw 0.13 million gallons of water everyday. \"Together, the five tubewells can draw 0.65 million gallons of water everyday. This is really alarming. The application for a sixth tubewell cannot even be considered when we can supply filtered water to them,\" an official said. \"We will give them the water for a fee.\"Singh said he would ask Black Diamond beverages - the MNC franchise - to apply for a filtered-water connection. \"We are in the process of augmenting water supply at Garden Reach water treatment plant and can meet the bottling unit's needs. I will ask the owners to apply for filtered water instead of running the plant with groundwater,\" Singh said.However, a KMC water supply department official felt that it would take some time for the soft drink firm to switch from groundwater to filtered water since they would have to build a massive underground reservoir to store filtered water to ensure non-stop operations.A Majumder, general manager of the bottling plant, however, said that they are yet to get any concrete proposal from the civic body in this regard. \"Let us wait for their letter. If the state government or KMC tells us to do something according to rules, we will follow it,\" Majumder told TOI on Thursday.Large parts of Kolkata are facing a threat of arsenic contamination of groundwater. KMC believes rampant use of groundwater is to blame for the rise in toxicity levels. In parts of south Kolkata, including Jadavpur and Prince Anwar Shah Road, the contamination has reached dangerous levels, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16677893", "title": "Macedonia beckons Kerala entrepreneurs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Republic of Macedonia, the birth place of Mother Teresa , beckons business start-ups from the state. Ranked seventh among 183 countries of the world in the 'Investor Protection Index', Macedonia, a country located in the central Balkan peninsula in southeast Europe, assures all support to entrepreneurs including a much lower investment needed for a business startup there.The government there also plans convenient business visa, offering free registration slashing the visa fees by next year. The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Kerala State Council chairman V K Mathews told TOI that if the cost incurred for doing business in India is $1,200 to $2,000, it will be $500 in Macedonia. Cost incurred for a business startup in the state will be at the higher end, say about $2,200, as compared to setting up business in Bangalore, he said.\"Exploring the possibilities of joint ventures, a delegation of IT companies from the state will visit Macedonia shortly. It would be a great opportunity for IT firms here to have access to the European market in Macedonia with 27 European countries and seven countries involved in the Free Trade Area (FTA),\" Mathews said. Entrepreneurs here need not be anxious of the climate there as Macedonia is an exciting place with backwaters, hilly tracts and with the nature's bounty similar to Kerala, he said.Macedonia's agency for foreign investments international office, Toni Atanasovski, told TOI that visa rules will be modified to issue convenient business visas, and from next year, visa application and registration will be free of cost as against the currently charged Rs 4,000.Republic of Macedonia's Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) minister Bill Pavleski said the country has been rated fourth after S Korea, the UK and Mexico in 'Doing Business Indicators 2012' in addition to being ranked seventh among 183 countries in the Investment Protection Index. \"With no spill over of the world financial crisis on Macedonia, it is an emerging economy in Europe with 4% FDI in 2011 as compared to 2.3% in 2010 and is the third best country in banking operations,\" Pavleski said. \"Through the 'regulatory guillotine of automatic clearance' for company registration, a company will obtain necessary clearances at the one-stop shop in four hours,\" he said. Even with minimum initial capital, start-ups can give a capital assurance in the form of assets worth 500 dollars to obtain initial support from banks,\" he said. In the case of some incubators, project feasibility study will take about three months, after which the registration will be complete in four hours, he said.\"In mobile and internet broadband, we have issued 4G licenses under universal service access to interested investors, and India too can invest in 4G market operations,\" said Macedonia's IT minister Ivo Ivanovski. As per Macedonia's Special Economic Zone (SEZ) general director Viktor Mizo, While, business units set up outside the FTA in Macedonia will have to pay a flat rate of 10% tax as against 30% charged in India, he said.business tie-ups and startups can be in education, IT, tourism, health care, infrastructure, energy, manufacturing industry and even in water and waste management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16678291", "title": "12-year-old girl has IQ higher than Einstein's", "text": "LONDON: With an IQ of 162, a 12-year-old schoolgirl in UK has been rated brainier than even Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking .Olivia Manning , from Liverpool, has been accepted into Mensa, the largest and oldest high IQ society in the world after she got a score of 162 in an Intelligence test.Her score is not only two points better than German genius Einstein and physicist Hawking, it puts her in the top 1% of intelligent people in the world, the Daily Mail said. Being honoured with entry into Mensa means she will join a network of brains from across the globe.Olivia admits having a knack for quickly absorbing and remembering new information, however, confessed being \"speechless\" after she discovered her score.She barely needs a script - she said she learned her lines for a Macbeth production within 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "sanawar", "code": "16678405", "title": "Tough master Puri remains all time favourite", "text": "SANAWAR: He was a tough master and known for using strict methods to bring students on the right track. Rajesh Puri, 66, who retired in 2006 after putting in 28 years of service at the Lawrence School here, remains a favourite for his students, some of whom are now film actors, directors, producers and politicians. Among Puri's other old students are Iqbal Khan, Omar Abdullah , Sukhbir Badal, Ness Wadia, Iqbal Rijvi, Pooja Bedi , Tarun Mansukhani and Apoorva Lakhia.\"It is a very good feeling when your students do really well in their respective fields. I'm really proud of the fact that my students have take really big leaps in various fields, be it politics or showbiz,\" said Puri, who is now settled in Haryana's Panchkula town.\"Sukhbir Badal was very energetic and ready to help others at any point of time. When I met him, he told me jokingly 'Sir, aapke thapad abhi bhi yaad karte hain. Unhi kee vajah se hum yahan tak pahunch paen hai' (Sir, we still remember your slaps. It is because of them that we have have managed to reach this far),\" he added.Recalling Omar's days in school, he added, \"Omar came to me this morning before leaving for Srinagar. We sat for nearly an hour and shared various past stories of his school days. As a student, he was extrovert and very good in extra-curricular activities.... I still share the same bond with all my students. I am happy that they are still grounded even after attaining such heights in their careers.\"Bollywood director Iqbal Rijvi spoke for most of his ilk when he said, \"Despite of his strictness, Puri Sir was always our favourite teacher. He took so much of pains and was personally involved in our studies. For him, all students were equal and he has played an important role in improving my mathematical skills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16681973", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy's bail plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: YSR Congress leader and Member of Parliament Y S Jaganmohan Reddy will have to be in jail for some more time with the Supreme Court on Friday dismissing his bail plea in the alleged multi-crore disproportionate assets case against him.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai ruled that Jagan can apply for bail only after the CBI completes its investigation in all the seven other cases lodged against him.\"The contours are much larger,\" the bench observed while refusing to entertain the persistent plea of senior counsel Gopal Subramaniam, who appeared for Jagan.Responding to queries from the bench, the CBI said it would complete the investigation by March 31, 2013. However, it later told the bench that it would try to complete it much more expeditiously.The apex court passed the order after additional solicitor general (ASG) Mohan Parasaran and senior counsel Ashok Bhan appearing for the CBI contended that Jagan cannot be granted bail as investigations were still underway in seven cases against him and letter rogatories have been issued to various countries as the cases have international ramifications.Responding to queries from the bench, Parasaran said the total amount accumulated by Jagan and his associates, insofar as the four charge sheets have been filed, amounted to over Rs 3000 crore.He submitted it would not be proper to release Jagan at this stage as the case \"is a very serious economic offence that is unparallelled. The accused is also known for his political prowess. The saga of investigations is still continuing.\"\"They are so influential that they can influence the witnesses even while being inside,\" the ASG said.Parasaran's argument, however, was countered by Subramaniam who said bail was a statutory right and Jagan was entitled to the same as otherwise it would violate his right under article 21 of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681598", "title": "Vineeth to tie the knot this month", "text": "Youth star Vineeth Sreenivasan is all set to tie the knot this month. Vineet is a renounced name in the industry as an actor, singer and director. After a 8 year long courtship Vineeth is finally tying the knot with his girl friend Divya on 18th of October.He has known Divya since their college days in Chennai and is really excited for his wedding.Source: http://keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681512", "title": "Film on agrarian crisis in Vidarbha heads for New York fest", "text": "'Baromas', a Hindi film on the agrarian crisis in Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, has been selected to be a part of 2012 South Asian International Film Festival in New York.The festival will be held in New York from October 24 to 30.The film, based on Sahitya Akademi award-winning Marathi novel of the same name by Dr Sadanand Deshmukh, is slated to be shown at the film festival in New York on October 28, its producer Pallippuram Sajith said in a release here.'Baromas' (forever) is a story of farmers who wanted their children to move away from the debt-ridden, uncertain life in the dryland, Sajith said.The film also shows how a family copes with the situation in Vidarbha region, the release said.It also touches larger issues of corruption, unemployment, methods of farming, and farmers' suicides amidst harsh socio-economic conditions through the story of one family.\"We will use the opportunity to bring the issues of the country's farmers to the attention of the Indian diaspora,\" Sajith said.The film is directed by Dhiraj Meshram, a graduate from the Film &amp; Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune.Meshram hails from Vidarbha region, that has witnessed a large number of farmer suicides in the last decade.The film had earlier been premiered at Osian's Cinefan film festival and at the Siri Fort Auditorium in New Delhi.'Baromas' stars Benajmin Gilani, Seema Biswas, Sudhir Pandey, Subrat Datta, Devika Daftardar and Jatin Goswami in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678463", "title": "More than 12 cloning, fraud cases in 45 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents, be vigilant while using your ATM cards, lest you might fall victim to its fraud.After a lull, ATM card frauds are back to haunt the city residents.A common thread that runs through all the swindle cases is that residents fell victims after using their cards at petrol stations, hotels and shopping malls, among others, to pay bills.More than 12 cases of ATM card cloning and fraudulent cash withdrawal have been reported in the last one-and-a-half-months, raising questions on the safety of public money in banks.In all the cases, the victims had their ATM cards as they were swindled of their hard-earned money. In the last one-and-a-half-month, the first case of ATM card fraud was reported on August 24, when a Panjab University clerk, Rakesh Kumar, said miscreants had dishonestly withdrawn Rs 39,000 from his account through ATM card cloning. The police have failed to make a breakthrough in the case.Two years ago in August 2010, more than 20 complaints of ATM card cloning and frauds were received by the UT police and a special investigation team (SIT) was constituted to look into these. But not a single case was cracked. Angry, the victims had approached banking ombudsman, following which the State Bank of India had compensated all of them.A senior cop said, \"Though no breakthroughs were made in the earlier cases, police's strict vigil and security arrangements have brought such incidents down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675583", "title": "Locals denied global meet ticket", "text": "HYDERABAD: Posters and hoarding for the ongoing CoP-11 meet pasted and put up across the city might have drawn the attention of the citizens towards the global event but has definitely not helped them become a part of it. While most would assume that participation in CoP-11 was to be limited to select international and national delegates, what the local administration has failed to convey in any of its publicity posters is how the general public and NGO's with credible participation in biodiversity can also participate in the meet as observers.The procedure was simple: Any individual or organization, connected to the field of environment, needed to apply to the UN for an observer's pass on its website, which would then be granted on the basis of the credentials provided. However, the last date for signing up for the opportunity was September 30 and, now, many citizens and local environmentalists are ruing how they have missed out on participating in the prestigious meet all because this provision was never highlighted by the officials concerned.P Ramakrishna, a city-based environmental activist, is one of the few who would be participating in this event as an observer. \"Along with myself, many others were interested in being a part of this meet but we had our doubts whether that was even allowed in the first place. Later, I found out how an individual can be a part of the meet and fulfilled the necessary formalities when it was only a day away from the deadline.\"He added \"This is the first time that such a big biodiversity meet is taking place in Hyderabad; many citizens would have liked to participate in the meet. Even if it had no time to explain the procedure, the government should have at least brought to public's notice the chance there was of being a part of the meet\".Environmentalist Jayaprakash N, who heads 'I Go Green' foundation, is one of those who have missed out on being a part of the meet since he was not aware that that was possible.\"Agreed that it is a UN convention, but they should have publicized how it was possible for us to participate in it. Being a part of this convention would have been a very enriching experience for local environmentalists.\"Aggrieved by how the common man has no chance of being a part of the event, a few social organizations are all set to jointly hold a people's biodiversity meet in the city, from October 13 to 16.Shashank R, a member of NAPM (National Alliance of People's Movement), who is also one of the organizers, said, \"The government did not take any initiative to encourage local participation (at the meet). So, we've decided to organize this biodiversity meet as we want the people to express themselves on the subject and participate freely.\"Reacting to the issue, the officials concerned said that publicizing the scope for citizen participation was not possible since that was UN's call. \"Anybody who is interested in this meet could have just gone to the UN website and got details about the procedure from there. Since the UN decides who can get passes, we cannot go out of the way to publicize it,\" said a member of the biodiversity board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681395", "title": "Vamsi Paidipalli files case against cyber criminals", "text": "Director Vamsi Paidipalli was totally caught off guard when he discovered that a fake profile on his name has been doing rounds in the social networking sites. Apparently, a miscreant was operating an account under Vamsi's name and has been interacting with people. Further, he was also sending derogatory messages to a heroine and on the Facebook under the director's name and that's where the director realized it's time to clarify.Addressing a press gathering in Hyderabad, Vamsi Paidipally said, \"I want to clarify that I do not have any account on any social networking sites. I lodged a complaint with the Cyber Crime Department against such wrongdoings and also appeal everyone to be cautious of such miscreants\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676260", "title": "Daughter-in-law of former-IAS officer hangs self in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thirty-year-old daughter-in-law of a former IAS officer allegedly hanged herself at her in-law's residence at Vishesh Khand, Gomtinagar in Vibhuti Khand police station area late on Wednesday night. The victim identified as Puneeta Chaturvedi, was married to former IAS officer Vinod Kumar Chaubey's son Patanjali Chaturvedi, a practising lawyer at Lucknow Bench of Allahabad High Court. Vinod and Puneeta got married in February, 2011, Vibhuti Khand police said on Thursday.Puneeta was alone in her room when she hanged herself, the police said and added that as soon as Patanjali spotted Puneeta hanging, he along with other family members brought her down and rushed her to Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital.However, doctors declared her dead, the police said. Family members of Puneeta, who hail from Gorakhpur district, rushed to Lucknow on receiving the news, the police said and added that the body has been sent for post-mortem examination.Though, the police claimed that prima-facie it looks to be a case of suicide, as suicide note was also found from the spot, Puneeta's family members claimed that she was continuously facing harassment and had been killed for want of dowry. However, till the filing of the news, no FIR had been lodged by any member of Puneeta's family, Vibhuti Khand police confirmed. The police also said that though it seems to be a case of suicide, if family members want to give a complaint, an FIR would be lodged on their behalf.The police also said that other than circumstances in which Puneeta hanged herself, a suicide note said to be written by Puneeta had also been recovered from the room.The suicide note stated that she had relations with Guddu of Maharajganj district before marriage. However, after Puneeta's marriage, Guddu started blackmailing her with some photographs. Those photographs were then seen by John ji (probably referring to her husband Patanjali), she stated in the suicide note. It was because of this insult that John ji has stopped loving her, she further said and added that since she couldn't leave John ji, she thus decided to end her life.Puneeta further stated in the suicide note that no one from her family is responsible and she had taken the decision to end her life in her senses.The police said that the matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677371", "title": "HC asks Jamia to admit girl under sports quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming to the rescue of a girl who was denied admission under the sports quota, the Delhi high court has directed Jamia Millia Islamia to induct her in their postgraduate degree in mass communication for the academic year 2012-13.Justice G S Sistani allowed the plea of Bhawana Singh, a state-level rifle shooter, saying she \"will be considered eligible in the sports quota, as per notice dated August 3, 2012, published by JMI in which name of the petitioner finds mention\".HC, however, made it clear that Singh would adhere to the attendance norms of the university and participate in the sports events. It accepted Singh's plea that as per the prospectus for 2012-13, she had applied under the sports quota but was denied admission on the ground that the course is no longer available under the quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675720", "title": "Chest Hospital false ceiling caves in", "text": "HYDERABAD: The continued indifference of state health authorities towards the dilapidated condition of the Chest Hospital building led to a part of its false ceiling collapsing in the wee hours of Thursday. The worst fears of doctors, who have been trying to draw the government's attention to the crumbling structure, came true when chunks of the false ceiling at the Respiratory Intensive Care Unit (RICU) fell. The tiles near the foyer of the RICU, where six patients were recuperating, dropped on a sweeper leaving a deep wound on her head.Chest Hospital authorities said that the incident occurred at around 6 am when the worker, Padma, was about to wrap up her night shift. The RICU is located in the over a century-old Irranuma Palace building. Officials said there was considerable dampness in the false ceiling following the rains over the last three days and that led to its collapse.After the incident, the authorities shifted two patients to a safer location in the hospital. \"Four patients are still there because central oxygen and suction facility are available only in the RICU. We cannot shift them as they need intensive care. Despite the incident, there are no directions from the higher ups. Nobody is helping us,\" said Dr P N S Reddy, superintendent of the hospital, who has made several rounds of the offices of the health department ahead of monsoon requesting for an alternative accommodation to shift patients till a new building is constructed, but in vain.With weak walls and massive leakages, the Irranuma Palace building was, in fact, declared unfit for use by the AP Health, Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation, the roads and buildings department and the GHMC. However, it continues to be in use due to acute space crunch.The six male TB wards of the hospital are in an equally bad shape and are being operated from sheds where 140 patients are currently admitted. Hospital doctors said the roof is leaking and patients are made to sleep under cots whenever it rains. Besides, there is just one toilet for 100 patients here and patients are defecating in the large open area. \"We are spending Rs 8 lakh monthly on sanitation alone. The job of 70 sanitation workers is to clean the area day and night. We need at least six toilets,\" added Dr Reddy. He said that the sheds spread out on a 5 acre land need an immediate overhaul.Hospital officials said recently, HMDA had come forward to construct a new building for the hospital and in return wanted five acres of hospital land. Proposals were sent to the government but things did not seem to have materialised even in this case. Over the years, the hospital has lost 5 acre of its land to land sharks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16681580", "title": "Internet can help fulfil Gandhi's dream: Mukesh Ambani", "text": "MUMBAI: Calling internet as the greatest invention of mankind after the printing press, Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani said today that Mahatma Gandhi's dream of self-reliance can be attained by making use of internet and technology.Speaking at a function where columnist Sudheendra Kulkarni's book titled \"Music of the Spinning Wheel: Mahatma Gandhi's Manifesto for the Internet Age\" was released, Ambani said that Gandhi's dream of self-reliance can be attained through the use of internet and technology.Talking about internet in particular, he said that this is the greatest invention of mankind after printing press.\"I am a big believer that technology shapes mankind. Internet is the biggest discovery after printing press. The internet is still in nascent stage and the impact it will have after 100 years from now, that all will see,\" he said.He also said that India with a higher youth population, can give a development model to the world by embracing technology.\"India is one of the youngest countries in the world and I have great faith in the youth of India. If the youth of India embraces technology and Gandhian values, we can then chart a path for us that not only make us the greatest country in the world, but (can) give a developmental model to the world,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16676332", "title": "Jumbo carnival at Nandankanan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It was party time for jumbos at Nandankanan as the zoological park celebrated Elephant Day on Thursday. The pachyderms were dressed in new clothes and served an array of fruits at the zoo.Jagan, Chandan and Juli, the younger lot in the herd of six, drew maximum attention from visitors. The animals walked around in colourful outfits. \"It was a fashion show of the animals,\" said Niharika, a school student who watched the celebrations. Prema, Basanti and Heera, the adult animals, watched the younger lot perform, though they too were dressed like the constituents of a royal war force of the bygone days.The zoo has been celebrating Elephant Day on October 4 since 2006. \"It is an attempt to create awareness among people about protection of elephants,\" said principal secretary, forest and environment, R K Sharma. Odisha houses more than 1,900 elephants.The zoo organized drawing and painting competitions among students on the occasion. \"The idea is to sensitize people. The state-level event aims to promote the animals' safety and rights,\" assistant director of the zoo Kamal Lochan Purohit told TOI.Purohit said dressing up the animals aimed at giving importance to their existence and dignity. The day coincided with naming ceremony of three tiger cubs born to Royal Bengal Tiger Sara and Rishi (male). The three were named Subhashree, Ankita and Asha. \"Students suggested the names by writing those on pieces of paper. After eliminating the names already given to animals in the zoo, a panel selected the three names from the suggestions,\" said Purohit. The three students, whose proposed names were accepted, were given awards by the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682377", "title": "14 Reels bags CGTR rights for Krishna Dt.", "text": "14 Reels Entertainment, which produced blockbuster film Dookudu starring Mahesh Babu, has apparently bagged the theatrical screening rights of powerstar Pawan Kalyan's forthcoming action entertainer Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu (CGTR) for Krishna District. It seems the production house, which is currently producing the Mahesh Babu-Sukumar film, has acquired the rights for a fancy price. Thanks to the crazy combination of Pawan Kalyan-Puri Jagannadh as the film has garnered great curiosity.There are also some big names like Dil Raju, Bunny Vasu, etc. who had picked up the film's theatrical rights in various areas and producer, DVV Danayya is planning for a wide release on October 18, 2012. Mani Sharma's music and the film's theatrical trailer are already a huge hit amongst the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677288", "title": "Coalgate-embroiled Abhijeet Group scraps IPO plan", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move which may create ripples in financial circles, the Abhijeet Group now embroiled in the coalgate controversy has scrapped its plans to tap the capital market. Its group company Abhijeet Power Limited (APL) had filed a draft red-herring prospectus (DRHP) with SEBI as it planned to raise Rs1375 crore through an initial public offer (IPO). The DRHP now stands withdrawn, the application for it was made on September 25.A press release issued by the company says the IPO has been scrapped for now as the promoters have infused additional funds to meet its requirements. This has reduced the quantum of equity needed to be pooled in through a public issue. The company may file a fresh application with the SEBI subject to suitable market conditions.The release further said that APL is setting up power plants in Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Bihar through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, having a total capacity of 2671MW. Out of this 271MW in Mihan-SEZ on the outskirts of Nagpur is operational and rest 2400MW is under construction. All projects have achieved debt closure.Sources say the IPO plans have been withdrawn due to poor market conditions and also the controversy related to the company's affairs.Abhijeet Group has loans to the tune of Rs11,500 crore sanctioned for its power venture out of which close to Rs6900 crore have been disbursed. According to market sources the company was considered to be desperately banking on the IPO to get the much-needed equity against the loans. Observers were also sceptical of the promoters' capability to come up with equity from their own sources.As against a debt of Rs11,500 crore it needs equity to the tune of Rs3250 crore of which Rs1750 crore odd have been chipped in by promoters and for rest the IPO was planned.Abhijeet Group's chairman Manoj Jayaswal refused to make any comment. However, it has been learnt that so far no specific plan of capital infusion has been provided down the line. Although there are plans to convert funds that promoters doled out into their company as loan into equity.Funds in the company come through several layers. Despite being held by the same promoters, the group has different entities acting as promoting and holding companies of firms down the line. Every power project comes under a different company, for which Abhijeet Power Limited is the holding company. Abhijeet Power in turn has Abhijeet Mining as the promoters, which has Abhijeet Ventures above it.Details of Abhijeet Venture's sources of funds and its promoters are only with a close group of persons in the organization. \"There is a likelihood of certain investment companies being among the promoters in this entity but nothing is confirmed,\" said a source.Over two years ago the income tax department, which had conduced a raid on Abhijeet Group, had found series a of accounting entries showing infusion of capital through companies having doubtful credentials. Sources say this was a means of fudging the capital base so as to get hefty loans from banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16679000", "title": "Coach Dirba off to Africa to give kabaddi lessons", "text": "LUDHIANA: The moment we mention the word \"kabaddi\", Punjab is what comes to our mind. And now, this game of endurance, very popular in the land of the five rivers, has touched the soil of the Republic of Sierra Leone, a country in West Africa. This has all been achieved with the efforts of Ravinder Singh Jassal, 26, who belongs to Ludhiana.To put the team of African players in competition, a prominent coach who imparts training at the Kabaddi Academy in Dirba village of Sangrur, Gurmail Singh Dirba, would train the Sierra Leone team. Praising the hard work done by Ravinder, Gurmail met his family before leaving for West Africa.\"I felt very proud on knowing that a Punjabi had sown the seeds of kabaddi in Africa and he asked me to coach the team there,\" he said, elated. Gurmail hopes the team would make it to the World Kabaddi Cup to be organized in Punjab this year.He said Ravinder told him that the African team had been practicing the game for a year and is completely dedicated to it. \"I would contribute to promoting the game globally\". The coach is visiting the West African country on an invitation of the Sierra Leone Kabaddi Association and would spend one and a half months there. \"It would be my objective to make the team aware of all the game tactics so they could perform well and compete with other teams in the kabaddi cup,\" Gurmail said.His academy has produced several names in kabaddi - Khushi Dirba, Bittu Bagaal, Sandeep Luder, Sandeep Nangal Ambian, Sushil Kumar Sheeloo and Raj Jakhetar. Many of these players have been part of the previous kabaddi cups held in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676284", "title": "Set-top box must for cable users before Mar 31", "text": "LUCKNOW: As per the guidelines of Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, all households in Lucknow with cable TV connection will have to install set-top box before March 31 next for uninterrupted transmission. The ministry had decided last year that all cable connections in the city would need to upgrade from 'Analog System' to 'Digital Addressable System' for which it is necessary to install a set-top box.The benefit of installing the set-top box is that it enhances the sound and picture quality of the programmes. One can also watch more channels after installing this equipment. Cable operators say it is a tedious task to install set-top box in every house having cable connection. Since 2008, only 25,000 cable connections in Lucknow have been digitalised till now, it is quite impossible to achieve the target by March. Cable operators are educating and promoting the use of set-top Box among consumers, but it is yet to be popularised in rural areas.The cost of installing a Set-top box and its one-time activation is Rs 799. The district magistrate Lucknow Anurag Yadav in a statement said, \"All the citizens of Lucknow who have cable connections are requested to get a set-top box installed in their houses on an urgent basis before 31st March '13. This would help in the digitalisation of all cable connections in the city and would enable us to meet the deadline set by the ministry\". The statement also said that if consumers are facing some problems in installing set-top boxes or are being harassed by their cable operators for the same, they can complain directly to the assistant entertainment tax commissioner on these helpline numbers: 0522-2274449 or 9454468804.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16677219", "title": "Molestation-extortion complainant arrested", "text": "PONDA: Tuesday's molestation-cum-extortion case in Shiroda took a queer twist on Thursday with police arresting the complainant.The 35-year-old is accused of cheating two women from Shiroda by borrowing their gold ornaments and not returning them. Four more women have also traded similar charges but their plaints are yet to be considered by police, sources said.Ponda police have registered the complaints of Savita Gaude and Vinanti Gaude though. PI Jivba Dalvi said they have alleged that the accused borrowed gold jewellery worth Rs 1,10,000 from Savita and worth Rs 42,000 from Vinati and is yet to return the same.Shelly Dias, convener of the Women's Grievance Cell, Curti-Ponda, who helped the women file their complaints, told reporters that several women from Shiroda and nearby villages had submitted complaints to the Ponda police on Tuesday itself.On Thursday, several women, besides Savita and Vinanti, were seen at the Ponda police station seeking to lodge their complaints.Speaking to reporters, Sunanda Gurudas Gaude, Sunanda Nanu Gaude, Archana Gaude and Jyoti J Gaude alleged that the accused had borrowed gold jewellery, including gold bangles, gold pawans (coins of 8gm each), necklaces, pattlyo, etc, and had not returned the same. In some cases she had returned imitation jewellery, they alleged.Based on Savita's and Vinanti's complaints police have registered a case under IPC Sections 420 (cheating) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) against the accused.The accused's identity is protected by law in view of the molestation-cum-extortion case she had filed on Monday.She has accused Sudhakar Yadu Gaonkar of molesting her in August 2011, taking a clipping of the act and extorting 11.5 lakh from her over a period of 14 months by threatening to upload the clipping. Gaonkar was arrested on Tuesday and was released on bail on Thursday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677600", "title": "Parrikar: Francis is deputy chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: The announcement of his being made deputy chief minister came as a birthday gift to revenue minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced this on Thursday and told TOI that the decision had been taken a month back, but he was waiting for the right occasion to announce it. He said D'Souza was already number 2 in the cabinet and this was a mere formality.\"This is not a constitutional post. It is an executive post. He (D' Souza) can preside over the cabinet in the absence of the chief minister,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said the order will be issued on Monday and added that D'Souza can now represent the government in place of the chief minister. He also said that certain authority can be given to a deputy chief minister.As deputy chief minister D'Souza will be entitled to an escort, and salaries and facilities that will be different from other ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679081", "title": "Subsidized cylinder cap may go up to 9", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday indicated that the government would go with the All India Congress Commission's decision to provide subsidy on three additional gas cylinders in Congress-led states. If the move is implemented, the number of subsidized gas cylinders in Maharashtra will become nine.Chavan told TOI that the government would take a decision soon but was currently watching the goings-on in Delhi with regard to the price issue. \"A report has come in, suggesting an increase in the price of a cylinder even further. We are waiting to see whether the price goes up or down. Let the dust settle and then we shall take a decision,\" Chavan said, adding he would need to have a discussion with his colleague who dealt with the matter.The finance portfolio is with Jayant Patil of the Nationalist Congress Party who took over after Ajit Pawar resigned as deputy chief minister and cabinet minister over his alleged role in the financial irregularities in the Rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam.On Wednesday, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakare wrote to the chief minister, urging him to lighten the burden of the common man by subsidizing three more cylinders, besides the already six cylinders that would be offered on a lesser price. The directive had earlier been issued by Congress president Sonia Gandhi .The Centre has declared it will subsidize only six gas cylinders in a financial year and for the rest, consumers will have to pay market price;In Mumbai, every non-subsidized cylinder is likely to cost Rs 894. The state government levies 3% VAT on gas cylinders and also charges for the commission it pays to wholesalers and retailers for gas distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16677404", "title": "Three shot at, hospitalised", "text": "Three persons were admitted to SRN hospital after they sustained gun shot injuries near Bamrauli village under Dhoomanganj police station, here on Thursday evening. Dhoomanganj inspector Rajvir Singh told TOI \"All three who sustained injuries were taken to the hospital and condition of persons injured was stable. He said police had been investigating the case. Reports reaching here said an unidentified person had opened fire indiscriminately leaving three persons injured and the motive was yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680465", "title": "Veteran actress Sarika to do an item song in 'David'", "text": "Veteran actress Sarika is surely keeping pace with the times. She may have turned down a role in Bejoy Nambiar's David that eventually landed in Lara Dutta's lap. However, she has happily agreed to do an 'item' song in the film.The remix of the old Sufi qawwalli, Dama dam mast kalander, has been shot in black and white to retain the 'classic' feel. Nambiar claims it exudes the same old world charm as yesteryear qawwall is like Nato karvan ki talash hai from Barsaat Ki Ek Raat and Nigahen milane ko jee chahta hai from Dil Hi To Hai to name a few.Nambiar, who's delighted at the unexpected turn of events, told us, \"Not only was Sarika keen to do the song, she even helped us with its choreography. Apparently, there was no professional choreographer on the sets. That's when Sarika, who loves to dance in real life, stepped in. She helped my assistant director Elizabeth Perreira Pundit and me to choreograph the qawwalli. It finally ended up looking smoking hot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678730", "title": "700 students to bell the CAT", "text": "LUDHIANA: Around 700 students from the city will appear for CAT exams, scheduled to be held between October 11 and November 6. With the test a week away and its pattern witnessing two major changes, aspirants are burning the midnight oil to crack it.Till 2011, it had three sections \u2014 quantitative ability, verbal ability and data interpretation and efficiency \u2014 with 20 marks each. But this year, the exam will have two sections. It will start with quantitative ability and data interpretation and will be followed by verbal ability and logical reasoning, with each section carrying 30 questions.The second major change is that the exam will be of 2.20 hours with no break.For each section, candidates will get 70 minutes. There are more than 10 institutes here that are preparing the aspirants to bell the CAT to gain entry into the 13 IIMs. Its results are expected to be declared by January 11.\"The most difficult and challenging task for candidates will be to complete each section in 70 minutes. They should avoid negative marking... for each right answer they will get three marks, but a wrong answer will bring a minus 1. My advice for students is \u2014 manage the time efficiently without getting confused and nervous,\" said Saurav Gupta, who teaches at a coaching institute in Model Town Extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679636", "title": "Decide on Jal Mahal plea in 3 months: Apex court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Thursday directed a local court in Jaipur to decide in three months a revision petition filed by IAS Vinod Zutshi, his two former subordinates and businessman Navratan Kothari, who are accused of fraud in the Jal Mahal land lease case. The accused had filed the revision petition after the lower court issued non-bailable arrest warrants against them in September last year, while the Rajasthan High Court declined to grant them anticipatory bails. Early this year the high court dismissed a criminal miscellaneous petition and later rejected a review petition filed by Kothari , leaving him with no option but to approach the Supreme Court. The businessman subsequently filed a special criminal leave petition (SLP) before the apex court, which put on hold the arrest orders against all four accused persons and stayed the lower court's proceedings, including hearing of the revision petition, on February 17. The SC has now ordered that the revision petition be decided within next three months. Kothari is owner of the Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd to whom the government land adjoining the Man Sagar Lake (Jal Mahal) in the city has been leased. The land initially belonged to the Jaipur Development Authority , Jaipur Municipal Corporation and the Public Works Department but was transferred to the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation (RTDC), which handed it over to M/s Jal Mahal Resorts for developing tourist facilities around the lake. Zutshi, who is presently the deputy election commissioner of India, was the RTDC chairman in 2005 when the land lease deal was finalised. RAS officer Hridayesh Kumar and one Rakesh Saini were Zutshi's subordinates at RTDC at that time. As the land was leased out to the private company for 99 years, the deal got mired in controversy and objections were raised as to how the government land could be leased out for 99 years instead of 30 years. A Jaipur resident, Bhagwat Gaud lodged a criminal complaint against the alleged conspiracy by the government officers and the businessman concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678464", "title": "ATM van attacked, cash bag looted", "text": "BANGALORE: A van ferrying money for ATMs was attacked on Thursday and a cash bag from it looted on NICE Road.Six men, including an armed guard, were in the van that left Coles Park to drop money at various ATMs of a reputed bank. Around 2.45pm, the van was stoned in front of T John's College on NICE Road. Two motorcycleborne men threw chilli power at the men in the van, and fled with the cash bag. The incident was reported to Hulimavu police at 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679128", "title": "Stringent action will be taken: DCP", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police will take stringent action against the suspects responsible for spreading terror in Kishkindhanagar in Kothrud said deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Makarand Ranade on Thursday.Ranade told TOI, \"Investigations have revealed that the suspects are not members of any gang or an organised crime syndicate. They were under the influence of liquor when they attacked people with weapons and sticks, damaged vehicles and created mayhem at Kishkindhanagar. We have taken serious note of the incident.\"He further said, \"We have started checking records of the suspects. We will take stringent action against under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act or the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act.\"\"We have registered a case of attempted murder and rioting against the troublemakers under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code. We will take strong preventive measures in Kishkindhanagar area to prevent a repeat of such an incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16677581", "title": "Teacher suspended for exploiting students for personal gains", "text": "BOKARO: A senior teacher, Rajender Pandey who was in charge of government-run Indradhanush Residential School for orphans in Jaridih, has been suspended by district education department for exploiting two orphan tribal students forcing them to work as a coolie (porter) for him.The students of Class VI, Ajay Murmu and Class V, Rakesh Marandi (names changed) burst into tears in front of a two-member inquiry team comprising area education officer, Prabala Khes and district coordinator, Anita Prasad when they visited the residential school to inquire into the matter.Narrating their woes to the officials, they said that Pandey forcibly took them to his native place Nawada in Bihar in a truck and used them for loading and unloading wooden furniture and such like from the vehicle while shifting from here to Nawada.Their agony didn't end there. After unloading the items from the truck in Nawada, the teacher later handed over both to the truck driver asking him to drop them back to school.\"I was shocked after hearing from these small children that they had loaded heavy wooden items like doors on to the truck. Moreover, they returned on the truck without any elderly person accompanying them. The two have said that during the journey to Nawada in the night at one point police stopped the vehicle and asked Pandey where was he taking such small children. But he escaped after bribing the policemen. During the course of the entire journey, the teacher had given them only two samosas and jalebi. The children have given us all this in writing ,\" said Anita.The matter came to light after a person, possibly the driver of the vehicle complained about the incident to DC Sunil Kumar who later directed district superintendent for education (DSE) Purender Vikram Sahi to inquire into the case. After getting the inquiry report against Pandey, the DC suspended him with immediate effect.Pandey will be retiring in six months. He was in the process of shifting base to Nawada. He was a teacher in Upgraded Government School, Jagashur, Jaridih but was posted at the Indradhanush Residential School a year ago. Being the senior teacher, he was made in charge of the school. There are 87 children including 51 girls and 36 boys in the school - all orphans.Sahi said that it is inhuman on the part of Pandey to have exploited the children for his personal work. The inquiry team also found that students of the school are in a state of fear because of him. \"This can't be tolerated and we have suspended him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677184", "title": "O deer! Bicholim man detained for storing venison", "text": "PANAJI: Officials of the forest department and the animal rescue squad (ARS), a Bicholim-based NGO, raided the house of a villager in Assonora and found nearly 7 kg of venison stored in his refrigerator on Thursday evening.Acting on a tip-off, the activists, Amrut Singh and John Fernandes, and forest department staff led by range forest officer Mahanand Pariekar approached the area near the suspect's house.The alleged accused, one Francis Vaz, panicked at the sight of forest officials and barged into his house and tried to escape through the backdoor. But the activists nabbed him in time.After opening the refrigerator, they found 6.7 kg of meat. It was packed in three to four plastic bags and appeared to be sambhar meat.Vaz, who was detained by Pariekar and his staff, admitted that he bought the meat in Bedshi, Maharashtra, about ten kms from Goa border. \"He told us that he was reselling it in Goa,\" a source said.A few tools used for cutting meat and the refrigerator have been impounded by the raiding party. The raid was conducted under the guidance of G T Kumar, deputy conservator of forest (territorial north Goa). Further investigations in the case under wildlife protection act are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678308", "title": "1983 PTIs to continue till pendency of their appeal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 2,000 physical training instructors (PTIs), whose services were recently ordered to be terminated, can heave a sigh of relief, as the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday ruled that no contempt petition would be filed for non-execution of removal orders till the appeal against the orders is pending before the HC. Advocate general, Haryana, Hawa Singh Hooda, has also informed the court that they would not initiate the process for termination of their services.When the matter came up for hearing on Thursday before the division bench comprising chief justice A K Sikri and justice R K Jain through a bunch of petitions filed by over 1,900 PTIs challenging their removal orders, the bench issued notices to respondents for October 9.In their petition, PTIs had sought directions to quash September 11 orders of the single bench, headed by justice Augustine Masih, wherein the appointments of 1983 PTIs were ordered to be quashed after holding that the entire selection process was commandeered by the chairman and the selection criterion was subsequently changed.Justice Masih had also directed the Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) to hold fresh selections, in accordance with the law, within five months.The selections were made by HSSC in 2009 during the tenure of Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led state government. Holding that HSSC was nothing but a one-man show during the selection process, justice Masih had cited a \"stunning revelation\" from the perusal of the records that the commission had eight members, apart from the chairman. \"But at no stage, has the commission assembled or met to take any decision in or during the process of selection. All decisions pertaining to the selection process have been taken by the commission chairman alone.\"In its 42-page verdict, justice Masih had also held further, \"Once the criteria has been laid down and the selection process initiated, the selection criteria cannot be changed in the midst of selection process or after the selection process has come to an end\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681900", "title": "Breastfeeding son helped me shed baby weight: Kristin Cavallari", "text": "Kristin Cavallari has credited nursing, jogging and healthy eating for almost regaining her pre-baby body after the birth of her baby boy on August 8\"I honestly can say I owe it all to breastfeeding,\" People magazine quoted the 25-year-old as saying.\"I read somewhere that it's like running six miles a day. I know nursing is difficult for a lot of moms so it's easier said than done.\"I eat healthy in general and I'm taking it easy in the gym and working out three to four days a week,\" she said.Cavallari also claimed that she is not beach ready yet.\"I do want to tone up my stomach a little bit more. Trust me, if you saw me I'm not ready for a bikini, let's just put it that way,\" she said\"I'm close, but I haven't [lost all the weight],\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16678904", "title": "Cambridge to foreign pupils: Avoid British binge drinking", "text": "LONDON: A video urging new international students to steer clear of Britain's binge-drinking culture will be shown at Cambridge University this week. The four-minute video, commissioned by the Cambridge Colleges Senior Tutors Committee, will tell new international students that \"there might be rules and traditions, but you don't need to join in.\"The message comes less than five months after photographs of Cambridge students stripping off, vomiting and urinating in flower beds prompted concerns about drinking rituals enjoyed by undergraduates, the Daily Mail reported.The 3,000 video is presented by two students, who say, \"Being in Cambridge means you're going to be working hard and playing hard. But it's important to remember that playing hard doesn't necessarily mean drinking hard.\"\"Of course you're going to want to relax and let off some steam. But drinking too much can easily make a great night turn sour,\" presenters say in the video.The boozy 'rules and traditions' to which the presenters refer may include the annual Caesarian Sunday event, the birth of the drinking parties for the summer term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16676818", "title": "Man found dead in south Kolkata house", "text": "KOLKATA: A middle-aged man was found dead under mysterious circumstances inside a house at Raja Basanta Roy Road in south Kolkata on Thursday. Police said the victim has been identified as Rajaram Singh. The 51-year-old was originally from Darbhanga in Bihar.A taxi driver by profession, Singh had been staying at the house of one Pranab Sen since September 17 as a caretaker. Locals told police that Sen, the owner of the two-storied building at 20 Raja Basanta Roy Road, left for his only daughter's place in Hyderabad along with his wife. Since Singh was known to Sen, the latter asked Singh to stay at his house until they returned.Singh returned to Sen's place on Wednesday night, but didn't open the doors on Thursday morning. The locals informed the Tollygunj police station officials in the afternoon suspecting something wrong has happened. This made the locals But when he did not open the door in the morning, locals suspected something wrong. They informed Tollygunge police station.Police broke into the house and found him dead. They said no injury marks were found on Singh's body. The door was also locked from inside.Police also ruled out any foul play. tnnThe body has been sent for post mortem, said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678219", "title": "2 arrested on fraud charge", "text": "PATNA: The Patrakar Nagar police, late on Wednesday evening, arrested two persons from a private bank on the charge of trying to deposit Rs 9.21 crore into the account of Vidarbha Institute of Youth Development through a forged cheque.Patrakar Nagar police station SHO Sanjeev Shekhar Jha said that on Wednesday evening, two persons - Sachchidanand Kumar, a native of Barahaiya, and Ravindra Prasad, a resident of Road no 13, Vivek Vihar Colony under Patrakarnagar police station, reached ICICI Bank, Kankarbagh, and gave a cheque of Rs 9.21 crore to deposit it into the account of Vidarbha Institute of Youth Development.The SHO said the bank employees found there was no cash in the account and that the cheque was a forged one as the accountholder had not issued it. Both the persons were trying to escape from the bank but the employees detained them. He said the local police reached the bank and arrested both of them.Two held for loot: Two criminals were arrested by the Fatuha police in Patna district on Thursday in connection with the loot of Rs 9 lakh from an onion trader, Suresh Prasad, on September 14 near Lasgarichak under Fatuha police station.Fatuha police station SHO S K Sahi said that Suresh, a native of Nagar Nausa in Biharsharif, was on way to his village after drawing Rs 15 lakh from an Exhibition Road-based bank in Patna on September 14 with his two business partners on his four-wheeler. As Suresh's vehicle reached near Lasgarichak, seven criminals on three bikes intercepted his vehicle, snatched a bag containing Rs 9 lakh and escaped.Sahi said that Suresh lodged an FIR in this connection. On Thursday, the police arrested Md Rustam and Chandan Kumar and produced them before a local court, which forwarded them to judicial custody. He said that one Munga Gope had been arrested earlier in this case and sent to jail. Raids were on to arrest the other criminals involved in the loot. He said the police recovered one countrymade pistol, 24 cartridges and Rs 18,000 in cash from the arrested criminals.College students arrested: Two students of A N College, Patna, Piyush Jha and Akash Jha were arrested on Thursday after college authorities registered a named FIR with the S K Puri police station, said the Station House Officer. Head of department, mathematics, A N College, Krishna Singh, said, \"The two are postgraduate students of Labour and Social Welfare department. They were trying to disrupt the classes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678675", "title": "Bangalore will have to manage with existing landfills", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore may be mired in garbage, at least for now. Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) chairman Dr Vaman Acharya on Thursday made it clear that waste will be dumped in Mandur and Terra Firma landfills till new sites are identified by the BBMP. On Wednesday, the Palike claimed to have identified 10 to 15 properties for new landfills and urged the KSPCB to give in-principle clearance for the same. Acharya categorically said no such proposal has been submitted to the board. \"No areas within or outside the city have been identified as yet,\" he said. Even if BBMP identifies new areas, it will not be accorded the status of \"landfills\" , Acharya asserted. \"At best, the new areas can be developed as wasteprocessing units. Landfills need to be scientifically developed , and ideally, processed waste should eventually find their way to them,\" Acharya told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679151", "title": "Pune gets 31.8 mm rain in an hour\u2019s spell", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded 31.8 mm rain in over an hour's span of heavy downpour on Thursday afternoon. The skies remained overcast for the better part of the afternoon and evening as it started raining around 2.15 pm and continued for the next over an hour.The India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory recorded a total of 33 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Thursday. However, a bulk of this rainfall occurred in the hour-long afternoon spell.A heavy downpour was also reported from the eastern outskirts of the city as the IMD's Lohegaon observatory recorded 35 mm rain during this period. \"We expect more such convective rain or thundershowers in the next 24 hours,\" an IMD officer said.Pune has now recorded a total of 99.5 mm rain for the post-monsoon season that began on October 1, following the end of the June-to-September southwest monsoon season. The rainfall recorded this month is over 50 mm more than the normal mark.Barring the city, rainfall activity was subdued in most parts of the state during the nine hours ending at 5.30 pm on Thursday. Only Mahabaleshwar recorded 7 mm rain, while Alibaug in Konkan and Goa region recorded 4 mm rain.In the 24 hours between 8.30 am on Wednesday and 8.30 am on Thursday, the city had received only 1.2 mm rain. \"There was no rainfall between 8.30 am and 11.30 am on Thursday and another 1.2 mm showers were recorded between 11.30 am and 2.30 pm,\" the IMD officer said.Meanwhile, the IMD has ruled out the possibility of the southwest monsoon making a further withdrawal from the central and adjoining eastern parts of the country in the next three days owing to the high moisture content in these regions.The monsoon withdrawal line continues to pass through parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. The situation has remained unchanged since September 26.The monsoon had started its retreat from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan on September 24 and has since withdrawn from the north and northwestern states. However, a further progress was stalled by the low pressure area that had developed over the west central Bay of Bengal and adjoining coastal Andhra Pradesh around September 26.Referring to the synoptic conditions that prevailed on Thursday, the IMD officer said, \"A north-south trough extends from Bihar to north Andhra Pradesh in the lower levels of the atmosphere. Similarly, an upper air cyclonic circulation over the east central Arabian sea off the Maharashtra coast persists.\"The two weather systems have influenced rain during the last 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Thursday at most places in Marathwada, Telangana and coastal Karnataka and at many places in Konkan and Goa. Similarly, rainfall has occurred at a few places in central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and in the north interior Karnataka region.For the next 48 hours, the IMD has forecast rain or thundershowers at many places in Konkan and Goa, Odisha, north Andhra Pradesh, Gangetic West Bengal and Andaman and Nicobar Islands besides rain at a few places in central Maharashtra, Marathwada, Chhattisgarh, coastal Karnataka and north Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677656", "title": "Handicraft mela attracting people of all age groups", "text": "RANCHI: The handicraft fair, a 10 day event is luring people of all age groups from young girls and boys to old age people as it caters to the tastes of all the segments just ahead of the festive season begins. The mela which kicked off on September 28 has all items from pottery and clothes to home decor items from across the country. The fair has total 105 stalls.The young girls were attracted towards the accessories stalls and the stall of lac bangles. \"As I entered the mela I couldn't put my eyes off from the accessories stalls. All the items are so attractive from hair bands to bangles. But I liked the Rajasthan lac bangles the most. We are college students and look for reasonable rates,\" said Kiran Singh.The middle aged women crowded the stalls of home decor items which included all hand made bed sheets, sofa covers and other items. \"As the festive season is approaching so I am preparing before hand. These hand made items look really good. Especially the carpets are looking amazing with variations in colours from maroon to purple but they are expensive in comparison to other items. So I got bed sheets and sofa covers,\" said Meena Shrivastav.Stalls for kids had ooks ranging from comics to Premchand's story books. A stall owner said that these days children hardly get time to spend with their grandparents. \"Most of the kids bought books like 'Nana Nani ki Kahaniya' and those Akbar Birbal story books,\" said Anju Agarwal.Apart from these stalls there were clothes shops which had all varieties of sarees to block print cotton suits. For the males there were leather jackets. \"I am looking for a leather jacket as now the rates will be little less than in the winters where the cost will be double,\" said Shivesh.The carpets were one of the most expensive items at the Mela. The shop keepers were from Uttar Pradesh (UP). \"We have carpets from silk ones to synthetic. These days the interior carpets are very much in demand which will cost the customers Rs 7000.The minimum range is Rs 600 and Rs 35,000 is the maximum. As it is hand made the cost is high,\" said Mohammed Shadiq, the carpet seller in the Mela.Besides there were also stalls of pottery items which lured the women more and furniture, induction cookers and eatable items including pickles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678562", "title": "Student counsellors in government schools in 2 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In two months, half of the government schools in the city would have their own student counsellors, with UT education department's proposal of recruiting 52 counsellors reaching the last level of official formalities. No counsellors had been appointed after 2007. It was in January that the department had announced 43 vacancies for counsellors on part-time basis but the process had been seeing a slow pace since then.Discussing the proposal, Director Public Instruction Upkar Singh said, \"Number of counsellors would be gradually increased and till that time, every counsellor would handle more than one school.\"Heads of government schools have expressed the need to appoint counsellors for students, especially at government senior secondary schools and high schools.A principal said: \"We need to address needs of every child. Often, we come across teachers complaining about a student's low performance, thus it's vital to provide the needful guidance. At times, parents cannot identify the problem either and with kids reaching adolescence, they need to discuss several issues. Counsellors would surely help if such situations arise.\" All private schools in Chandigarh have their full-time counsellors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678755", "title": "Gurdaspur jail escapees held in Ladowal", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three hardcore criminals who escaped from Central Jail, Gurdaspur, on Wednesday night were arrested following the joint efforts of Gurdaspur and Ludhiana district police in Ladowal here on Thursday afternoon.Cops have also arrested another associate of the accused, Ashwani Kumar, who was out on parole from jail and who helped them flee the jail. Deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Ludhiana, Gurpreet Singh Toor said that they have arrested Bikramjeet Singh alias Harpreet Singh alias Vicky, a resident of Bhagat Ke village of district Amritsar, besides three residents of district Gurdaspur -- Manga Masih, a resident of Manaikot village, Baljeet Singh alias Laddi, a resident of Ghuman Kalan and Ashwani Kumar.Toor informed that Bikram, Manga and Baljeet, escaped from Gurdaspur jail, while Ashwani who was also in the jail had gone out on parole a few days ago.He said, \"Bikram had hatched this conspiracy along with the three others and had asked Ashwani to provide them with iron blades that could be used in cutting grills, when he would be out on parole, so that they could escape from the jail.\"Toor said according to the plan, Ashwani came back till the boundary wall of the jail and threw in three iron blades, which were later picked up by the accused.DCP Toor said the three jail inmates then cut the grills of a bathroom's ventilator and escaped from the jail at 2am on Wednesday. He said that he got the information about their escape from senior superintendent of police, Gurdaspur, Rajjit Singh, following which they laid a trap at the entrance of the city.Toor said during preliminary investigation, the accused told them that after escaping from the jail they met Ashwani and then they went to district Hoshiarpur bus stand from where they took a bus to towards Jalandhar bus terminus and from Jalandhar they were headed to Ludhiana from where they were to move to their next destination. The DCP said there are 14 cases against Bikramjeet, ten against Manga, four against Ashwani and one against Baljeet. He informed that most of the cases were of loot, theft and dacoity.SSP Rajjit said after the incident they made a few police teams, which went in various directions in the state. They had received information that the escapees might moved towards Malwa region, so they had cautioned the police there, he added.The SSP said one of his teams that was in Jalandhar saw the criminals in a bus that was going towards Ludhiana, and his team informed him about it immediately. He added he conveyed this information to the Ludhiana commissionerate, who laid a trap for arresting them.The SSP said that they succeeded in arresting the accused in a joint operation of the both districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16676531", "title": "'Corruption has made governmentt defunct'", "text": "After remaining in hibernation for years in Odisha, the Congress has suddenly taken to the streets, challenging the Naveen Patnaik government. The latest show of strength by the party is the 'Paribartan Yatra'. Rajaram Satapathy met OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik to gauge the party's plan and strategy.The Congress party has been practically out of circulation in Odisha for years. Is it because the 2014 election is approaching or you have some other agenda?I don't agree that Congress was never active. As a major opposition party we did our best. But after I took over as OPCC president I felt there was a lot more to do, especially to dispel the misconception in the minds of people about our party. The September 6 rally in Bhubaneswar, followed by the statewide bandh, and now the 'Paribartan Yatra' is part of our programme to connect with people. The whole state saw the huge response we received. This proves the degree of deep frustration in public about the performance of Naveen Patnaik government. It is all but natural that the Congress party is rejuvenated. We will organise more programmes to sensitise people.Are you confident that the Congress can translate its plan of action into votes? Speculation is rife that the Congress high command does not want to antagonise Naveen Patnaik for political reasons and hence the party's state unit was made to remain dormant all these years.This is a propaganda. It is pointless to blame the high command without doing anything. I have never felt our national leaders were soft on the BJD on the issue of governance. Since I took over, my single agenda has been to take everyone in the party into confidence and deliver to prove the Congress' worth. This is in the interest of the state.The chief minister has succeeded in creating a public perception that Congress party symbolises corruption. Can you change the public outlook and garner support for your party?A- The BJD-BJP alliance had come to power claiming that it would run a government free from corruption. The chief minister had referred to a large number of cases pertaining to our period in the government to the CBI for investigation. The state vigilance department also started probe against our government. Not a single allegation was proved. It is time for the people of Odisha to ask Naveen Patnaik about the results of these investigations.Like it or not, Naveen continues to enjoy 'Mr Clean' image in public. And that is his trump card to win elections.In the last 12 years Odisha has witnessed a long list of mega corruption issues like the mining scam, coal block scam, mid-day meal scam, etc. This is besides the huge corruption in the administration. Corruption has made this government defunct. Distribution of money in elections has hijacked the democratic rights of people in the true sense. After all this if someone says Naveen Patnaik is 'Mr Clean', I am sorry. The chief minister trumpets honesty and probity in public life, but avoids recommending mining scam to the CBI when his counterparts in Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka have done it. He thrives on false publicity. Yes, I do admit we have perhaps not done enough to tell the truth to the people. Now that we have started working seriously I am sure people will get to know the grand reality about Naveen Patnaik and his government.The Congress party is seen as a hotchpotch of many groups. Is the party trying to unite all factions before fighting with the mighty BJD? It is also said there is no democracy in your party.The Congress is a very old and national political party. Differences amongst leaders, workers and supporters are bound to be there. But that is no issue. The September 6 rally and September 10 bandh have proved that given the right direction Congress people can work harder and with sincerity. We are now united over a set of programmes and a clearly defined ideology. On the contrary, the BJD is a one-man show. That is why people in BJD are suffocated and protesting against the lack of democracy in the party. Naveen removed a number of leaders from the BJD at will because he felt threatened by their presence. He is a bonsai manager, who has reduced all others to a slogan-shouting group only to let himself look tall. I am surprised any person with 'swabhiman' can accept such an autocratic leader. This does not happen in the Congress. We give space for debate and dissent and do not suspend leaders at whims and caprice of any single individual.The BJD government claims Odisha has made rapid economic progress under its rule. What is your take on this?A- People of Odisha are simple. That has only helped Naveen Patnaik inject such a false claim in the minds of people. A person who after 12 years in power is not able to speak a single sentence in Odia cannot do anything for the people. He has taken undue advantage of a degree of Odia. Odisha is the first state to be created on the basis of linguistics. There is no state in India where the chief minister does not know the language of the state. On the economic front, the series of scams, continuing migration of people from Odisha, forcible acquisition of agriculture lands for private industrial houses and consequent plight of farmers speak volumes about the government's achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16675866", "title": "Two killed in Saifai group clash", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two farmers were killed in a group clash over withdrawal of water from a canal at a village in Etawah, the home district of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Thursday, not far from his ancestral house and barely one km away from where he and his father, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , were to distribute unemployment allowance later in the day. Shockingly, Saifai police, preoccupied with VIP visit, reached the site three hours after the killings. No arrest has been made so far.Beginning with fisticuffs, the clash went on for more than an hour before one member of a group brought a licensed gun and shot dead two opponents on the spot. Their bodies were left by the roadside for the next three hours before two police constables reached the site to begin preliminary investigations.Saifai police station in-charge Sanjay Yadav, who was busy with the CM's security arrangements, said about police tardiness, \"There was nobody at the police station. I sent two constables to the site after withdrawing them from VIP duty.\"On Thursday morning, Pramod, a small farmer from Nagla Lale in Saifai police circle, was drawing water from a canal. It had to pass through the farm of Rajbir Singh and Chandrapal of the same village through a foot-wide mud stream. Since Rajbir and Chandrapal, both cousins, were also watering their crops, they opposed Pramod's move to draw water and asked him to wait until they were finished.This led to a heated argument which culminated in the killings. The two bodies were left unattended at the site for almost two hours, with their kin crying for justice. It took the cops more than three hours to complete the formalities and send the bodies for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679491", "title": "Builders hit by ban on crusher units", "text": "Mangalore: The forthcoming Dasara and Diwali season has failed to cheer Mangalore's builders. All construction and development activities, both in public and government sectors, have come to a stand still after the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board slapped closure notices on crusher units in the state following a Supreme Court directive. Of the 3,700 units across the state, 200 units are in the district. The stone crushers have stopped working since September 22 and the construction industry stopped its activities a week later when its stock got over. According to Manoj Shetty, president, Quarry Owners Association in DK and Udupi districts, the 30 concrete mixing units used to manufacture about 15,000 square feet of concrete per day and pay Rs 80 lakh in royalty to the government, which has stopped due to non-supply of aggregate. Builders here say the construction industry will take time to recover if the problem is not solved soon, as labourers, mostly from north Karnataka and north India, will leave for festivities and will not return for a month or two. DB Mehta, vice-president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Credai), said with the construction industry coming to a halt, there will be losses at multiple levels. \"The delay in a project will add to the cost and also it will result in customer getting the possession of the dwelling unit late. The customer will be forced to pay additional interest to the bank. The loss to society will be in terms of loss of employment, he said. However, the crisis has not affected the ongoing project of National Highways Authority of India between Surathkal-Kundapur and Mangalore-Talapady. An official from NHAI said, \"At present, we have aggregate stock for only filling potholes. We can get aggregate through special provisions as this is a government project. But problem will crop up if those affected by the closure of units will not allow us to run our crusher units. The Quarry Owners Association have stopped stone crushing activities after the owners of 210 such units in the two districts started receiving the closure notice from KSPCB. The 210 units accounted for daily production of nearly 20,000 tonnes of stone aggregate with each lorry load accounting for eight tonnes or 200 cubic feet of crushed material. The two districts average 2,500 lorry loads of the material daily.\" The association members say that separate zone mooted by the court for stone crushing activities is impracticable and is not technically and financial feasible as it increases the cost of production. \"Concentrating the industry in a particular place zone will only concentrate levels of pollution,\" said Manoj Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16679683", "title": "Krishna meets families of Wisconsin gurdwara shooting victims", "text": "NEW YORK: External affairs minister S M Krishna met family members of victims of Oak Creek Gurdwara shooting and said India and the US stand united against those who perpetrate a culture of violence and hatred.Krishna paid a visit to the Froedtert Hospital in Milwaukee on Thursday and met the family of priest Punjab Singh, who is still in coma after being critically injured in the August shooting.He later met with families of six Sikh persons who were killed when lone gunman Wade Michael Page went on a shooting rampage in the gurdwara, critically injuring three others.Expressing condolences and grief on behalf of the people and the Indian government, Krishna said such incidents \"remind of the grim challenges that we face from perverse ideologies.\"\"The senseless act of violence is more tragic because it happened in a place of worship, devotion and peace,\" Krishna said as he addressed over 300 members of the Sikh community at the Milwaukee gurdwara.He added that all \"rightly-thinking people\" in India, the US and across the world had condemned the \"barbaric act.\"The world has to be rid of such \"intolerant bigots\" who \"perpetrate\" a culture of hate and violence, he asserted calling for a unity regardless of nationalities and religious affiliations to fight such forces.Krishna, who travelled to Wisconsin after attending the 67th session of the UN General Assembly here, had discussed the gurdwara tragedy in his meeting with US secretary of state Hillary Clinton earlier this week in New York.He said both he and Clinton agreed that as democracies and privileged societies that have always upheld the highest ideals of pluralism, diversity and religious freedom, India and the US must stand together against violence and hate.\"We shall not be intimidated by such senseless violence and would continue to pursue (our) faiths and nobody dare obstruct that culture,\" Krishna said.The minister also expressed appreciation for US President Barack Obama speaking to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh immediately after the shooting.He also termed as \"extraordinary gesture\" the order that American flags be flown at half mast in honour of the victims.Krishna said Obama's message of support and sympathy was a \"source of assurance\" to the Sikh community.First Lady Michelle Obama's visit to Wisconsin also added a \"healing touch at a moment of great anguish and grief,\" Krishna held.The minister said there was a deep sense of \"pain and anguish\" in India when news of the shooting broke out.He expressed appreciation and gratitude to the local government in Milwaukee and police authorities whose prompt action helped avert an even bigger tragedy.Thanking the local community for providing emotional support to the Sikhs in the aftermath of the tragedy, Krishna wished a speedy recovery to Lieutenant Brian Murphy, who was among the first police officers to respond to the shooting and sustained serious injuries in bringing Page down.Noting that US and India are defined by pluralism, diversity and respect for religious freedom, Krishna said people from all parts of the world have made America their home and enjoy equal rights and opportunity.The three million people of Indian origin form a vibrant part of America have made enormous contribution to the country's growth story through their professional and community work, he said.Earlier during his visit to the hospital, he spoke with doctors who told him that Singh is recuperating and is being provided with the best medical care.At the gurudwara, Krishna also participated in a traditional community Langar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681641", "title": "Natholi Cheriya Meenalla - VK Prakash's next", "text": "The new film of VK Prakash after 'Trivandrum Lodge' is 'Natholi Cheriya Meenalla'. Reports are saying that the story will be different like the name.Urumi's script writer Shankar Ramakrisnan is doing the script of this film.VK Prakash is looking for Fahaadh Fasil and Meera Jasmine for the central characters of the movie.Source: http://keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677050", "title": "Fruitseller gunned down in Titagarh", "text": "KOLKATA: A 32-year-old fruitseller was gunned down by miscreants at Titagarh's GC Road on Wednesday. Preliminary probe revealed that an old rivalry had led to the killing, but the police are yet to arrest the culprits.Premchand Mahato, who runs a fruit shop on Titagarh station road, was on his way back home to Khardah, when five youths on two bikes drew up to him and the miscreants fired three rounds at Mahato from point blank range, said police. Mahato, who suffered two bullets in his chest and stomach, was taken to Barrackpore BN Bose Hospital where he was declared brought dead.Police said the incident took place around 11.30 pm when the victim Premchand Mahato, a fruits seller and a resident of Khardah was returning home from his shop on Titagarh Station Road. Five miscreants came on two motorbikes fired three rounds at him and fled the spot. Mahato was struck by two bullets in his chest and stomach, slumped to the ground, bleeding profusely.On hearing the gun shots, locals rushed to the spot and he was taken to Barrackpore BN Bose Hospital where he was declared brought dead.Mahato was associated with fruit business for a long time. His family members suspect that a business rivalry could be motive behind his murder.\"Of late, my brother had been getting threats from some people who had illegally set up a fruit shop next to his,\" owned the shop on Titagarh station road for about seven years. Few months back some persons set up another fruit shop beside his shop forcibly which he strongly opposed. The shop was run illegally and it was later demolished by the police. Since then my brother was threatened with harm several times,\"said Biharilal Mahato. Police said that raids were on to nab the culprits. the victim's elder brother.The local traders launched an agitation in front of the police men on Thursday morning when a police team from Titagarh police station came to the spot for investigation. They also demanded immediate arrest of the culprits. \"Murders and dacoities have become frequent in the area. The goons used to attack on the traders demanding money. Several gangs of extortionists operate here. But despite of our repeated appeals, police hardy take action against the criminals. We are always in fear to trade here,\" a local trader said.Police however suspect an old rivalry could be motive behind the murder. \"The motive behind the murder could not be ascertained. We are also investigating whether the victim had a rivalry with anybody.We also got some clues in connection with the murder. The raids are being conducted to nab the culprits,\" said a senior police official of Barrackpore commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680405", "title": "Contractors shy away from BMC test", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will send showcause notices to all 31 contractors who bid for work under the civil work contractors (CWC ) and have not come forward for the viability test put up by the civic body.Following the contractors bidding 40% and 60% below the estimate price set up the BMC for petty civil works in 24 wards and four hospitals, the civic body decided to give the contractors a viability test worth Rs5 lakh in each ward to see the quality of their work they would deliver with the low bids.CWC deals with all minor ward-level civil works that include repairs and maintenance of internal roads, streetlights and footpaths. Local corporators have a strong influence in the decisions taken in the CWC system. However, none of the 31 contractors have come forward and taken the test. They are of the opinion that the rates they have bid are for bulk work and not for small work that the BMC will give them under trial.\"We will serve them a showcause notice, asking them why they haven't come forward to take up the viability test. If their reply is not satisfactory, then the process of blacklisting them will be initiated,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman of the standing committee.He also added that a similar process will be started for contractors who have bid for Road WorkContracts (RWC ). Even in that, the civic body has asked them to carry out trials worth Rs10 lakh, but so far no contractor has taken up the work.Due to resistance from contractors, the BMC plans to scrap the RWC and CWC system and replace it with another which both will be merged. A presentation will be given to group leaders on Monday and a decision taken next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16677894", "title": "Lack of one-party rule at Centre reason for crisis", "text": "MANDYA: Former MP and chief of Cauvery Protection Samiti G Made Gowda, who is spearheading the Cauvery agitation, feels that lack of one-party rule at the Centre is the reason for the water crisis. Every government which has come to power at the Centre since 1991 is at the mercy of politicians from Tamil Nadu , he told TOI here on Thursday. Excerpts:Why have the state leaders failed to press for a distress formula all these years when the rain was normal and dams got enough water?We have been persuading the government to work out a distress formula, but successive governments at the Centre failed to take cognizance of our demand. Now that water has been released, we are agitating.Why does this problem persist and why do Karnataka leaders feel that Centre is inimical to state farmers' interests?The problem is that there is no one-party rule at the Centre and all the successive governments have danced to the tunes of TN political parties. If there had been a single-party government, this would not have happened and the central government would have come out with a solution which farmers on both sides would have welcomed.Is the Centre arm-twisting Karnataka government?Why didn't Karnataka politicians refuse to release water? Our state leaders are not assertive.What is the point in carrying forward the agitation when the water is released? What will they achieve after dams get emptied?Now we are demanding that the Centre scrap the Cauvery waters disputes tribunal's report itself. We will continue to agitate till the report is discarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16678145", "title": "Radical outfits under NIA lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The attack on Operation Bluestar commander Lt Gen K S Brar has jolted the security establishment to take a closer look at the pro-Khalistan activism and fund-raising by radical Sikh organizations supposedly working for welfare of incarcerated Sikh militants, as well as cyber sites openly promoting the Khalistan cause.At least two such organizations \u2014 the Sikh Organization for Prisoner Welfare (SOPW) and Punjabi e-paper 'Rozana Spokesman' \u2014 have come under the scanner of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), which is probing cases involving \"active\" remnants of Sikh militant groups such as Babbar Khalsa International. The NIA suspects a possible attempt by certain foreign-based pro-Khalistan leaders and Pakistan's ISI to revive militancy in Punjab, and is probing possible sources of terror financing for the project.The SOPW, a UK-based registered charity, openly declares on its website that it works to achieve justice for thousands of Sikhs \"illegally imprisoned in India\". Its volunteers use the charity's funds to offer legal services to suspected Sikh militants facing trial in courts, besides giving monthly support to the imprisoned militant's family. NIA, however, suspects, that a part of these funds may be getting diverted to attempts to revive Sikh militancy.Interestingly, the SOPW claims to derive its inspiration from Sikh terrorist Davinderpal Singh Bhullar, who is on death row for a 1993 car blast that had injured the then Indian Youth Congress chief M S Bitta. The charity argues that Bhullar's conviction was based on a confession made under duress. Not only this, the SOPW website has also uploaded letters of Sikh prisoners, including a handwritten one from BKI militant Jagtar Singh Hawara, certifying the SOPW's credentials on aiding Sikhs charged with militancy and soliciting donations for it from Sikhs based in the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678053", "title": "Nomination of government officials to Victoria Technical Institute committee is illegal: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Nomination of government officials, including three IAS officers, as members of the Victoria Technical Institute (VTI) is clearly illegal, the Madras high court has said.Justice D Hariparanthaman, making an interim stay on the appointment and operation of the five state government nominees absolute, dismissed a petition by the government to vacate the stay against their appointment to the committee.As per the Societies Registration Act (1860), the affairs of the VTI shall be managed by five members elected from among the 15 life members, who alone are entitled to vote. Citing provisions in the bylaws, successive governments have been nominating their officers .A few weeks ago, the honorary secretary of VTI, A Nageswaran, filed a writ petition alleging the government's attempt to take control of the society. Challenging a government order dated February 20, appointing three IAS officers and two deputy secretaries as nominated members of the VTI governing council, he said: \"The society was formed when the composite state of Madras existed and its jurisdiction extended to the whole of south India...There is no government called 'Government of Madras' in existence.On Thursday, Justice Hariparanthaman said: \"The nomination made under the bylaws of the society, which was registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, is illegal, since the bylaws providing for nomination to the committee is not consistent with Section 15(3) of the act.\"Citing Supreme Court rulings, Justice Hariparanthaman said the committee could consist only of elected members and there could not be any nominated member. He then adjourned the matter to October 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16677944", "title": "Kochuveli Express survives midnight scare", "text": "THRISSUR: An accident was averted when Hubli-Kochuveli Weekly SF Express rammed into a log, cut from a coconut tree, placed on the railway track near Chalakkudy around 1.30am on Thursday.Southern Railway manager (Ernakulam area) P L Ashok Kumar said miscreants had placed the log on the track between Vellanchira and Aloor. \"The air brake pipe of the engine was damaged but the train was driven till Chalakkudy station. Another loco engine was brought from Ernakulam and the train left the station around 4.20am,\" said Kumar.Police have started investigation and suspect migrant labourers. This is the second incident in five days when miscreants tried to derail trains on the same route. The railway police had arrested two Odisha natives for placing rock pieces on five spots on the track near Chembissery railway over-bridge on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678510", "title": "Curtains come down with last immersion", "text": "MUMBAI: The final big immersion of the annual Ganeshotsav took place on Thursday with the visarjan of the Andhericha Raja of Azad Nagar. Since 1977, this idol is immersed on Sankashti rather than Anant Chaturdashi.\"Traditionally, Kolis of Versova perform the visarjan aarti and conduct the immersion. We handed over custody of the idol to them shortly after noon and the immersion was carried out around 1.30pm,\" said mandal spokesperson Uday Salian.The farewell procession that began at Veera Desai Road around 5.30pm on Wednesday reached Versova village around Thursday noon. Around three to four lakh spectators joined the 19-hour 'yatra' that meandered through Amboli and SV Road before hitting the arterial JP Road. Police had to resort to a mild lathicharge near Amboli, given the massive crowds that lined up to seek darshan and offer flowers.Along the route, political representatives of all parties, including Congress MP Gurudas Kamath and MLA Ashok Jadhav, had erected hoardings and banners greeting devotees of the Andhericha Raja. \"Our building facades and shop fronts have been blocked from viewby these posters, which are an eyesore besides wasteful expenditure. We hope they will be taken down now that the immersion is over,\" said a local shop owner. Jadhav told TOI, \"I am not aware if local party workers have put up the banners. But I will get them removed.\"Through the season, several celebrities, including Shilpa Shetty , Nargis Fakhri , Tushar Kapoor , Shreyas Talpade , Sakshi Tanwar and Rohit Shetty , visited the Andheri pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680513", "title": "'Minimum taxi fare too may be increased by 2'", "text": "MUMBAI: The base fare for taxis too might be increased by Rs 2, government sources said on Thursday. The state had last week issued a resolution recommending a hike of Rs 2 for autorickshaws and Re 1 for cabs.On Friday, a final decision on this issue would be taken at a meeting of the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Transport Authority (MMRTA). Unhappy with the government's recommendation, cabbies had threatened to go off the roads from Monday.On Thursday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a meeting with senior transport department officials to discuss the issue. Taxi union leader A L Quadros and members of other unions, too, met transport commissioner V N More in this regard.The fare formula is based on various heads, including cost of living index, interest and depreciation, insurance , taxes, repairs and maintenance. \"The prevailing figures for each head will be taken into account to calculate the consumer price index and derive the fares. It is possible that the final fares will be higher than those suggested by the state. Besides, there are chances that the minimum fare for taxis may be increased by Rs 2, on a par with autos,\" said an RTA official.The taxi unions have demanded a hike of Rs 3, as recommended by the Hakim committee. Union leader and Congress MP Husain Dalwai said: \"On Wednesday, I briefed the CM on the grievances of taxi operators. He assured me that he would look into the matter and do the needful.\"\"I cannot speak on the quantum of hike as the decision to fix fares will be taken by the MMRTA. It will be done based on the formula approved by the state,\" More told TOI.TARIFF BATTLEState GR's recommendationsMinimum fares to be hiked by 1 ( 17 to 18) for taxis and 2 ( 12 to 14) for autos For every subsequent km, the fares will be revised from 10.50 to 12 for taxis and 7 to 9.50 for autosThe strike threatNot happy with the raise, taxi unions have threatened to go off the roads from Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16678508", "title": "A look at I-League teams", "text": "KOLKATA, SHILLONG &amp; SIKKIMMOHUN BAGANCoach: Santosh Kashyap wants his team to play passing football.Key players: Tolgay Ozbey, Okolie Odafa, Syed Rahim Nabi.Team outlook: The Kolkata giants have gone two seasons without a trophy and their start to the new season has been far from impressive. After failing to make the semifinals in the Federation Cup, the onus will be on the green and maroons to get their act together as they launch their I-League campaign against Shillong Lajong FC in an away match on Saturday. Coach Santosh Kashyap has the onerous task of getting the new signings to gel as a unit.USP: Weak in defence, but very strong in attack.EAST BENGALCoach: Having fallen short twice, Trevor Morgan wants his boys to focus on one match at a time and look to garner as many points as possible.Key players: Manandeep Singh, Mehtab Hossain, Edeh Chidi.Team outlook: They are off to a flying start in the new season, annexing the Federation Cup in style. They will surely look to carry the momentum into the I-League, where they have fallen one-step short in the last two seasons. They have an enviable midfield where the likes of Penn Orji, Mehtab Hossain and Sanju Pradhan are among the best in the business.USP: A strong and balanced midfield which is equally adept at creating as well as spoiling rival moves.UNITED SCCoach: Sanjoy Sen wants to set small targets for his team and look to meet them.Key players: Carlos Hernandez, Ranty Martins, Subrata Paul.Team outlook: The most talked-about team in the pre-season, primarily because of the star-cast they have assembled. With Costa Rican World Cupper Carlos Hernandez, Ranty Martins, Subrata Paul and Gourmangi Singh lining up along with their 'regular' players, United are dreaming big.USP: Depth and quality.ARROWSCoach: Arthur Papas wants his young lads learn and improve at every step and be consistent.Key players: Holicharan Narzary, Alwyn George, Pritam Kotal.Team outlook: The AIFF's developmental side had a forgettable last season during which they won just two matches. This year, under new coach Arthur Papas, they have looked quite competitive and were impressive in the Federation Cup where they beat Lajong and held Dempo and Mumbai FC.USP: Bubbly youngsters may be short on experience but have a never-say-die attitude.SHILLONG LAJONG FC (SHILLONG)Coach: Desmond Bulpin wants his team to finish in top-seven and his players to rise to every challenge and express themselves freely.Key players: Boithang Haokip, John Menyongar, Gbeneme Friday.Team outlook: They have a few experienced players like Rennedy Singh and Sushil Kumar Singh to go with youngsters like Boithang Haokip and PC Lalhlimthara.USP: A bunch of enterprising footballers who can rattle any side with their pace.UNITED SIKKIM FC (SIKKIM)Coach: Philippe de Ridder wants his team to show true fighting spirit and retain their place among elites.Key players: Baichung Bhutia, Anwar Ali, Michael Rodriguez.Team outlook: The I-League debutant club's big draw remains Baichung Bhutia, who also is a part-owner. Although they play their first three matches at home where they will get a huge home support, they will have their task cut out against the big clubs.USP: Fighting spirit.GOADEMPOCoach: Armando Colaco has forever sworn on the bible of possessional football. Expect nothing to change.Key players: Clifford Miranda, Anthony Pereira and Rohan Ricketts.Team outlook: With a squad that had three of their foreign players missing, Dempo still managed to give East Bengal a run for their money in the Federation Cup final.USP: Dempo's continuity gives them the edge. Except for the foreigners, Armando will choose the same set of players in the opener and persist with them till the end. It's a tried, tested and hugely successful formula.CHURCHILL BROTHERSCoach: Brick by brick Subhash Bhowmick has built this squad, and if the Federation Cup performance is any indication, his belief in this attack-minded side could fetch rich dividends.Key players: Lenny Rodrigues, Denzil Franco and Roberto Mendes da Silva.Team outlook: Churchill were the first to start preseason training and is now among the fittest in the competition. They have plugged the loopholes and their nine goals in three Federation Cup matches was proof they can cut teams to size on their sheer counter-attacking prowess.USP: Churchill's foreign players give them the edge.SALGAOCARCoach: Karim Bencherifa is known to thrive when presented with raw talent. He has given more players to the national team than any other coach and his record is there for all to see.Key players: Karanjit Singh, Luciano Sobrosa, Francis Fernandes.Team outlook: Bencherifa has handpicked almost every member of his current squad and is known to have great faith in them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677792", "title": "Two short docus from J'khand make it to international film fest in Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: In a state plagued by human trafficking, a 15-min documentary on the plight of girls falling victim to the menace, has attracted the attention of jury members of Delhi Shorts International Film Festival 2012. Produced by the Central University of Jharkhand and directed by a group of students from the department of mass communication of the same university, two such short films have found their way to the International Film Festival and will be screened in Delhi on Sunday along with 35 other short movies from all over the country.'Taskari', one of the shortlisted films, explores the reasons behind trafficking and talks about provisions of existing laws to prevent it. The movie focuses on some teenaged girls who fell prey to trafficking but were later rescued. \"The issue concerned us because we often read newspaper reports about girls being trafficked from different districts of the state,\" said Heena Kausar, director of the movie. She said that during the course of their research they were appalled to see the status of poor tribal girls who are often sent to the agents by the family members themselves. \"The agents take them away in the name of providing a job and a good future. In reality, these girls are sold for a price to big agencies in the metro cities,\" she added. The movie also speaks of the success stories of some of the rescued girls who were rehabilitated and offered a job in their hometown or within the state. Produced within a shoe-string budget of Rs 10000, four students took up different roles from pre to post-production.Another short film titled 'Khel Uma Khel' directed by Rashmi Kumari and a team of three other students highlights the trials and tribulations of Uma, a badminton player who despite excelling as a sportsperson fails to make it to the national level due to paucity of funds. \"What's the point of having funds with the sports department, both at the state and central level if players like Uma don't find an opportunity. The purpose of the documentary is to highlight one case and throw light on several other such issues that remain ignored,\" Rashmi said.The students invited for the festival are leaving for Delhi on Friday and would be contesting with 33 other short-movie makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678560", "title": "Witness testifies against dacoits", "text": "KANPUR: Another material witness in the Behmai carnage case, Vakil Singh on Thursday stated before the court that Phoolan Devi gang was responsible for the assassination of 20 persons in Behmai village on February 12,1981.The prosecution produced Vakil singh as its second witness in the much publicized case being tried here at designated dacoit infested area court of Kanpur Dehat. Singh claimed that Man Singh was the dacoit who opened fire first on a group of 25 residents of village Behmai on the direction of Phoolan Devi. Singh said he had also suffered injury in the shootout and had fallen on the ground. When the gang left, fellow villagers had rescued him and sent to the hospital for the treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16680751", "title": "Environment ministry has cleared controversial Mahan coal block: Greenpeace", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has allegedly given forest clearance to controversial coal block in Mahan, Madhya Pradesh.Greenpeace, an environmental NGO said that the ministry has given a nod to the coal block despite it being in a prime forest area.The NGO claimed that the clearance was in violation of forest rights of tribals living in the area.People from different villages around the coal block have written to the district collector demanding that their forest rights be recognised.The villagers said that they are dependent on the Mahan forest for a variety of forest produce.Another letter from the villagers claimed that they were not allowed to hold a gram sabha to claim rights under Forest Rights Act.Greenpeace campaigner, Priya Pillai expressed shock at the decision.\"MoEF's to grant forest clearance to the Mahan coal block in Singrauli district of Madhya Pradesh is appaling. The communities living in the forest have written more than once to the ministry on the need to address their rights on the forest which has had not happened. This clearance is in violation of the Forest Rights Act and is a threat to the livelihood of more than 14000 people dependent on the Mahan forests. This is even more deplorable as India is playing host to the International Conference on Biodiversity where we will be grandstanding on our steps to protect forests and communities dependent on them, when in fact we are doing just the opposite. \"she said.Madhya Pradesh chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chauhan had lobbied with then environment minister, Jairam Ramesh several times to get the coal block cleared. But the ministry had denied clearance due to environmental concerns.MoEF had said that clearance would \"open the doors for other coal blocks to be mined and would fragment an area very rich in forest cover.\"Mahan coal block is located at the catchment of the Rihand reservoir and it is very vulnerable to siltation and pollution from the coal block.The Mahan coal block was jointly allocated to Essar and Hindalco for thermal power plant in April 2006.The coal block was also one of the 155 blocks identified by the Cromptroller and Auditor General (CAG)'s recent report on controversial coal block allocations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677610", "title": "APMCs to remain closed from Friday", "text": "NASHIK: Following a row between onion traders and maparis (those who weigh the commodity) over electronic weighing of onions- on which Mathadi workers claim a levy and traders are against it- all APMCs in Nashik district would be closed from Friday to Tuesday. Earlier, onion weighing was done manually and a 30 paisa per quintal levy was given to the maparis, who are part of the Mathadi workers. Now, weighing of the commodity is done on electronic weighing bridges.The commodity laden tractors or other vehicles are weighed on the electronic weighing bridges and thereafter they are again weighed after they are unloaded. After the auction, a mapari prepares a weight receipt and the concerned trader gives a levy of 30 paisa per quintal to the maparis on the basis of the weight receipt. Traders are refusing to pay levy to Mathadis on the pretext that the weight is not taken manually, but electronically. Traders want the weight receipt to carry the weighing machine number to indicate the electronic transaction, so that Mathadis cannot claim the levy of 30 paise per quintal.Jaydatta Holkar, Chairman, Lasalgaon APMC said the meeting between traders and Maparis will be held on Oct 9. , \"Both onion traders and maparis are adamant on their demands and that is inconveniencing farmers who bring their commodity for auction in the district's APMCs. The meeting between traders and maparis on mentioning the electronic weighing machine number on weight receipts is to be held with the state labour minister Hasan Mushrif on October 9. We will commence the APMCs thereafter.\"-\"The decision to this effect has been taken with an aim to avoid the inconvenience to the farmers due to dispute between traders and maparis,\" he added.On Thursday, the average wholesale prices in Lasalgaon APMC were recorded at Rs. 540 per quintal and the arrivals were around 12,000 quintals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16677427", "title": "SP's head clerk booked for bribery", "text": "BAHRAICH: Superintendent of police G P Kannaujiya ordered to register a case against his office head clerk Amit Anand Chaudhary under section 7/13of the Corruption Prevention Act for taking a bribe of Rs 15,000 from fire brigade driver Parasnath Singh on the pretext of saving the latter from a salary deduction.The case was registered on an application by Singh, who claimed Chaudhary took Rs 15,000 from him assuring against salary cut, but even after the bribe, there was a deduction from his salary. The case will be investigated by circle officer Mahendra Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682717", "title": "Lawrence readying script for Ram Charan", "text": "After showcasing Nagarjuna and Prabhas in different mass avatars, choreographer-turned director Raghava Lawrence has now set his eyes mega power star Ram Charan. It's been buzzed that Lawrence is readying a mass script to wield the megaphone for Ram Charan. He is currently putting finishing touches to the script and would soon narrate the complete story to the actor.Lawrence, who is a good in making mass entertainers, made his directorial debut with super hit film Mass. Later, he proved his mettle with films like Style, Muni, Don, Kanchana, etc. His recent release rebel is doing well in terms of collections at the box office although the film opened to a mixed response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678233", "title": "Court clears Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam chief\u2019s Europe trip", "text": "CHENNAI: A sessions court on Thursday allowed a plea of Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) chief Vaiko for a holiday to Europe and ordered his diplomatic and ordinary passports to be returned to him. Vaiko is to leave for Europe with his wife on October 10.Giving his order, Justice K Kaliyamurthy, Additional Court-VI judge, said the MDMK leader would have to return his passports within three days of his return to the country. \"Considering the attitude of the petitioner in attending the case hearing and that fact that he had obtained the same permission on an earlier occasion, the petitioner is allowed,\" Justice Kaliyamurthy said. Special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj, who was asked to file a counter on Thursday, endorsed no objection for the return of passports to Vaiko.Vaiko is facing charges under the anti-terror law, POTA for allegedly speaking in support of the LTTE in June 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16677763", "title": "DVC forays into pisciculture to boost farmers' income", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Inaugurating the second phase of the three-day scientific pisciculture training programme, Asish Kumar, deputy director of the state fishery development said that both the Centre and state have launched a programme, introduced by the National Mission for Protein Support (NMPS) for the benefit of the farmers. The training was organised by the DVC soil conservation department on Wednesday.\"Under this, farmers will have to contribute only 10% of the total funds and remaining 90% will be provided by the state,\" he said. The programme has already been launched in the Hatia reservoir, Seraikela and Chandil in Jharkhand.It is geared towards installing cages for developing seedlings of fishes with high productivity. For the first time ever, the state government has imported Korean fish seedling, 'Pangas' which will produce 52 tonnes of fish per hectare.The success of the scheme elsewhere prompted the government to install 200 cages in reservoirs, ponds and check dams for boosting fish production as well as revenue of farmers. Kumar said, \"Each cage installation will cost around Rs 3.5 lakh for which farmers will be provided financial assistance. Both the Centre and state government are now interested in producing such fish products which have the highest and cheapest protein. Incidentally, fish is the only food product which can provide maximum protein thereby, containing malnutrition.\"He appealed to P K Basu, director of soil conservation, DVC who initiated this programme to take up maximum water reservoirs for boosting fish production as a poverty-alleviation drive. Basu said, \"DVC has revived fish farming in its command area after 19 years.As of now, we have selected 20 special dams which will have plenty of water throughout the year and will help in boosting production. If this idea works, it would be increased in a phased manner.\"DVC is providing this training to the farmers of seven districts of Jharkhand and one district of West Bengal and the entire cost will be borne by DVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679107", "title": "Norms for sewage treatment by civic bodies tightened", "text": "PUNE: The central government has drafted stringent guidelines for sewage treatment, reuse and recycling of waste water, energy recovery from sludge and preparation of city sanitation plans. The civic bodies will have to follow these guidelines while planning city projects.The press statement issued by the central government states that a two-day workshop on 'Finalization of Revised and Updated Manual on Sewerage and Sewage Treatment (Part-A: Engineering)' was organized by the ministry of urban development in New Delhi recently. The workshop was attended by civic officials from across the states and experts in the field.The manual provides guidelines on latest technologies in sewerage and sewage treatment, reuse and recycling of waste water, energy recovery from sludge and preparation of city sanitation plans. The expert committee involved in preparation of the manual has suggested stringent guidelines for effluent standards for discharging into surface water bodies, which is used for drinking water sources, keeping in view the high level of contamination of surface water sources in the country and their adverse effect on human health and environment.The Urban Development Department (UDD) has asked the municipal corporations that in order to ensure sustainable sanitation system in urban areas, system has to be not only economically viable, socially acceptable, technically and institutionally appropriate; it should also protect the environment and the natural resources. As per the manual, while planning the projects, the corporations should consider five inter-related dimensions; technical, financial, institutional, social and environmental.A planned development of habitation and need for regional planning with a concept to provide urban infrastructure, including total sustainable sanitation in the urban areas of the country, was discussed in the workshop.Interestingly, the Pune Municipal Corporation has developed the capacity to treat 527 MLD (70.80%) of the total 750 MLD sewage generated. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak recently said the PMC sent the sewage treatment plant proposals to the state and central government and with the availability of funds the sewage treatment plants would be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677662", "title": "2 commit suicide over dowry harassment", "text": "NASHIK: Two cases of abetting suicide have been registered with the Gangapur police. A woman Sangita Subhash Gaikwad (27) set herself ablaze after pouring kerosene on herself on September 13. She was allegedly being harassed by her husband Subhash Gaikwad and Ramesh Gaikwad of Hudco, Parbhani.The victim's mother alleged that her daughter's husband and kin would torture her physically and mentally by doubting her character and forcing her to bring Rs 50,000 to buy an auto rickshaw. She succumbed to the burn injuries on September 17, while undergoing treatment. The accused have not been arrested, as they are in Parbhani.Another incident took place on August 16 at Gangasagar Colony, wherein Sheetal Patil (20) set herself on fire after being tortured by her husband- Sanjay Patil- and in-laws, who suspected infidelity and demanded Rs one lakh to start a business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679748", "title": "4-week relief for cell towers on hospitals", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan high court, while hearing a plea of the state government seeking an extension of the deadline for removal of mobile towers from hospitals , has extended it for another four weeks. The bench, however, declined to extend the time limit for removal of those structures from which the batteries and communication equipment have already been removed. The time limit fixed for the removal of these towers will expire on October 7. The case camp up before the court on a PIL filed by Justice I Israni (retd). Senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, appearing for Cellular Operators Association of India told the high court that the Union government had on Wednesday night issued certain guidelines containing do's and don'ts for the cellular operators including installation of towers which he sought to be placed on record on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676461", "title": "No full stops for Congress in reforms race", "text": "NEW DELHI: Like the Cabinet meeting that cleared FDI in multi-brand retail, the one on Thursday was brief, with finance minister P Chidambaram saying foreign investment in insurance was the need of the hour and the government should not bother about the Bill being defeated in Parliament. The decision was smooth, like knife through butter.For the rare display of unanimity among Congressmen on historically contentious moves, the nod to FDI in insurance and pension provided the best evidence that the ruling party had embarked on an irreversible reforms agenda, a sharp departure from political sensitivities that influenced such decisions in the past.Observers and insiders underlined that Congress was approving FDI decisions in the middle of elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, which can have serious implications for its future, mired as it is in a cycle of defeat and in desperate search for victory.\"It shows that the leadership has calculated that opening the market to foreign retail marts or insurance firms to foreign investment will not influence the voters, irrespective of BJP's campaign,\" a leader said citing that supremo Sonia Gandhi defended FDI in retail during her Gujarat campaign launch.The gung-ho reforms mode has been attributed to the economic crisis but it would be a leap of faith for the Congress if governance imperatives are delinked from their political implications.That has made observers see a \"renewed Congress conviction in reforms\", with possibly the Prime Minister having convinced the leadership about the gains of 1991 liberalization he authored as finance minister.Samajwadi Party leader Mohan Singh said his party has traditionally been opposed to such proposals but stopped short of spelling out SP's stance on insurance reforms. Clearly, Samajwadis are not too sure if the tradition holds true for the future.The UPA will be closely watching Bahujan Samajwadi Party chief Mayawati's rally in Lucknow on October 9 when she will spell out her views on the recent reforms decisions by the Cabinet. Finance minister Chidambaram told reporters, \"Legislation is a matter of negotiation and we will talk to the principal opposition party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "16677068", "title": "Prithvi-II test-fired off Balasore coast", "text": "BALASORE: The Indian Army successfully test-fired medium range surface-to-surface ballistic missile Prithvi-II from a defence base in Balasore district on Thursday.The success came a couple of weeks after the Army successfully conducted its first user trial of 3000 km range nuke-capable Agni-III missile from the Wheeler Island. Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the Army conducted the trial.Mounted on a mobile Tatra transporter-erector launcher (MTL), the indigenously built ballistic missile was fired from the launching complex III (LC-III) in the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Chandipur-on-sea at about 9.10 am.\"The test named as limited stock production (LSP) test was conducted by the user (Indian Army) with the logistic support from the DRDO scientists. The missile used for the test was one of the products picked randomly from the assembly line. The mission met all mission objectives successfully,\" said a defence official.Defence sources said the 8.56 metre high and one meter thick missile, with a launch weight of 4.6 tonne, has a strike range of up to 350 km. Powered by liquid propellant, it can operate with both liquid as well as solid fuel.According to a source at the defence base, the missile, which carried a dummy payload (conventional explosive), covered the desired strike range before plunging into the sea at a predetermined splash-down point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16680588", "title": "Aarey Colony to be surveyed to mark out zoo land of 160 acres", "text": "MUMBAI: The revenue department will undertake a survey of Aarey Milk Colony, after which 160 acres will be demarcated to be handed over to the state forest department.The forest department plans to set up a zoological park on the plot. A year ago, the state cabinet had approved the handing over of 200 acres of Aarey land to the forest department for a zoo. However, nearly 38 acres of the land is encroached upon and part of it has been given to Force One, an anti-terrorism police squad. The land transfer is likely to happen in three months.At a function to release a coffee table book, 'Wild Maharashtra', on Thursday, forest minister Patangrao Kadam urged CM Prithviraj Chavan to expedite the transfer. The book has been prepared jointly by the tourism and forest department and Sanctuary Magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16678871", "title": "US shuts online fraud schemes tied to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: Several online fraud schemes, mainly operating from India, that duped people in the US, UK and Canada into paying to clean their computers of bogus virus infections, have been shut down by US authorities in a crackdown on such scams.At the request of the federal trade commission (FTC), a US district court judge ordered a halt to six alleged tech support scams pending further hearings, and has frozen their assets.The FTC charged that the operations - mostly based in India - target English-speaking consumers in the US, Canada, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, and Britain. Five of the six used telemarketing boiler rooms to call consumers. The sixth lured consumers by placing ads with Google which appeared when consumers searched for their computer company's tech support telephone number.The FTC cases targeted 14 corporate defendants and 17 individual defendants in 6 legal filings, majority of whom are Indians and based in India. \"You get a call from someone pretending to be from a major computer company who dupes you into thinking you have a virus on your computer,\" the FTC chairman, Jon Leibowitz , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677342", "title": "Gondia CEO charged with irregularities", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief executive officer of Gondia Zilla Parishad, Yeshwant Gedam has been accused of serious irregularities, including illegal recruitment of engineers. The charges were levelled by ZP president Netram Katre and his three elected colleagues in a memorandum submitted to divisional commissioner BV Gopal Reddy on Thursday.The same officer had been accused of clearing nine foreign liquor permit rooms within 54 days when he was acting collector of Gondia earlier this year. The bar applications were languishing for months in official files as the police department had raised several objections to each of them including law and order in Naxal affected areas where the proposed bars are located. Much before that, when he was additional collector of Bhandara, he had faced similar controversy for allegedly granting non-agricultural status in a haste to 170 acres of land ignoring objections raised by concerned authorities.Addressing a press conference here after submitting the memorandum, Katre listed 20 alleged irregularities committed by Gedam. He said the CEO did not follow the set procedures and rules and took arbitrary decisions like sanctioning of building construction worth Rs78 lakh without the civic body's approval. Also several appointments of teachers, staff and engineers for the ZP work was carried out without any government approval, Katre pointed out. \"Several people were recruited illegally and there are no proper official documents regarding many ZP jobs,\" Katre added.Gedam is also accused of encouraging his non-official friends' presence in his office and also interference by them in ZP's official work. Katre has demanded strict disciplinary action against Gedam. \"Gondia ZP is facing serious crisis and to restore people's faith in its working it is essential to remove him from the post,\" Katre insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16678314", "title": "Shahabu shocker for US scholar", "text": "LONDON: Even a scientific study can throw up flawed conclusions.Political scientists from across the world learned it with the help of three Ss - Seshan, Shahabuddin and Siwan -- at the Growth Week conference 2012 organized by International Growth Centre at the London School of Economics and Political Science in London last week.Speakers and discussants at a session on 'Governance, Accountability and Political Economy: Improving electoral accountability' had University of California at Los Angeles's political science professor Miriam Golden telling them that \"a policy intervention to 'solve' electoral violence may increase electoral fraud\". Miriam as well as Carter Center's consultant election specialist Barbara Smith talked about candidates with criminal antecedents and \"ballot stuffing\" in different countries, including India.\"But empirical evidence from India suggests a stern state intervention can check not only electoral fraud but also violence,\" countered one from the audience during the question-answer session and went on to give details of how India's then chief election commissioner T N Seshan changed the country's election scenario for the better in 1990s.The scholars burst into laughter when told about Mohd Shahabuddin who had dozens of criminal cases pending against him and who had yet been winning elections from Siwan with handsome margins.\"But one fine morning, one Indian Administrative Service official C K Anil, who was helming the administration in Siwan, apparently thought enough was enough and the honourable MP ended up cooling his heels in prison. Seven years on, he is still behind bars and elections are being held in Siwan sans violence,\" Miriam was told and asked if her study took into account such empirical examples before she articulated her 'concluding policy implications'.ADRI's Shaibal Gupta nodded. Electoral violence and fraud have become history in places where the state is functional and where development is taking place, he said and added Bihar, once infamous for pre-poll and post-poll bloodshed, was a case in point.Bihar government's finance department secretary (resources) R K Khandelwal, who was in the audience, supplemented the query with his experience as poll observer in Uttar Pradesh where free and fair elections were held at the Election Commission of India's behest.Shock and disbelief could be seen writ large on the faces of every non-Indian present at the session. \"Yeah, I have heard about the effectiveness of India's election commission,\" Miriam replied, virtually admitting her study was not flawless and the error needed to be eliminated.[The writer was in London recently at the invite of International Growth Centre]", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16680827", "title": "Man tonsures wife's head suspecting illicit relationship in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Suspecting his wife of having an illicit relationship, a man allegedly tonsured his wife's head and hung her upside down in Mall area here, police said today.The accused Shiv Kumar, who was in an inebriated state, beat his wife on October three, tied her hands and then tonsured her head.The accused along with his brothers then hung her upside down and left the place after throwing chilly powder on her face leaving her unconscious, police said on the basis of the complaint.An FIR has been registered in the matter and police has launched a manhunt to nab Shiv Kumar and his brothers Ram and Shiv Baran.Taking note of the laxity of police in dealing with the case, authorities have suspended the SHO and sent three constables to police lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677630", "title": "NDCA all set to conduct rural cricket tournament", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik District Cricket Association (NDCA) has decided to conduct cricket tournament in the rural areas of Nashik district from October 6 to 14.\"There is no alternative but to go at the grass-root level to search for raw talent,\" said NDCA chairman Vinod Shah. He along with secretary Sameer Rakte announced the 'Talent Hunt at the Taluka Level Programme'.Various teams of selectors will visit all the 15 tehsils in Nashik from October.6 to14 to conduct the selection trials. They will select a team of 20 players from each tehsil.\"We are planning an Inter-Taluka tournament by October end in Nashik and the outstanding players coming from this event will practice in Nashik. They will also represent various franchises in the Nashik Premier League,\" said the secretary Sameer Rakte.\"We have decided to concentrate on the rural areas as most of the talent these days come from the interiors. It is our duty to tap the talent at the right time for the benefit of the game and Nashik's cricket,\" the chairman added.All the three selectors-Ramesh Vaidya, Deepak Kelkar and Shekhar Gawali- along with some former players have been assigned the job of scouting grass-root talents. The NDCA has distributed pamphlets and put up hoardings at strategic places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679002", "title": "Cops who 'threw' man off train let off", "text": "MUMBAI: The four railway policemen accused of pushing a 40-year-old man out of a running train at Tilak Nagar station have been discharged in the case after investigators failed to find any evidence against them. Investigators submitted to the railway court that the four constables were present at different places on the day of the alleged incident.However, two of the four cops continue to face extortion charges levelled by the same complainant, Habibullah Khan.Khan, a cancer patient, complained to the Wadala government railway police ( GRP) that four cops from the railway crime branch had summoned him to the GTB Nagar station on August 18. He alleged that the constables, R R Jedhe, V P Thakur, S S Patil and S M Manganor, had demanded Rs 2 lakh from him.When he was unable to pay up, the cops allegedly took him aboard a Harbour line local and pushed him off the train near the Tilak Nagar station. Khan lost a leg and regained consciousness only a week later at Sion hospital. All four were subsequently arrested.After he identified Jedhe, Thakur, Patil and Manganor, they were arrested.\"We collected cellphone records of the constables and CCTV footage of the places where they were actually present on August 18. Statements of people who had accompanied them or interacted with them on that day were also recorded. Besides, the station master had signed a memo that Khan had been hurt while crossing tracks and not because of falling off a train. The absence of eyewitnesses was also strange as Mumbai locals are always crowded,\" said ACP Sunil Malusare. The facts were presented before the railway court, following which all four were discharged in the attempted murder case.Khan had also accused Jedhe and Thakur of extorting Rs 10,000 from him at Chembur on August 17. The only witness in this case is Khan's brother-in-law. Investigators have recorded his brother-in-law's statement before a magistrate. and intend to file a chargesheet in the matter soon.Jethe and Thakur were released on bail in the extortion case on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16678255", "title": "In Milky Way, 2 black holes amid old stars", "text": "Melbourne: In an unexpected finding, astronomers have discovered two dense black holes inside an ancient cluster of stars in the Milky Way. The two black holes in the globular cluster M22 are about 10 to 20 times heavier than Sun.Black holes, so dense that even light can't escape them, are what is left when a massive star reaches the end of its life and collapses in on itself.James Miller-Jones , from the Curtin University node of the International Center for Radio Astronomy Research ( ICRAR), said the discovery of two black holes in the same cluster was a complete surprise. All the theory up to now says that should not happen in a globular cluster that is 12 billion years old.The black holes, according to Miller-Jones , are the first to be found in a globular cluster in our galaxy. M22 is about 10,000 lightyears from Earth but can be seen clearly with a backyard telescope . \"M22 may contain as many as 100 black holes but we can't detect them unless they're actively feeding on nearby stars,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677208", "title": "Museum curators to interact under one platform", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad Museum in collaboration with the Regional Directorate of the Archaeological Survey of India in Bhopal initiated an interactive workshop on 'Site Museums of ASI and Museums of National Importance' at the Allahabad Museum on Friday and Saturday. The objective of the two-day workshop is bring to all museum curators of the country to interact and deliberate on various issues and problems of Museums and its challenges such as image building, audience segmentation and audience development, journey of a visitor from the beginning to the end, public programmes, visitors experience, preventive care &amp; collection management, publicity, out reach programmes, change management, project management, communication, narratives, exhibitions, marketing, interactive, exhibition to compete with international museums.The responsibility of holding this workshop was given by Director General, ASI, New Delhi in the last meeting of the Heads of the Museums held at Ashoka Hotel, New Delhi.The two-day long workshop headed by the Director, Allahabad Museum will facilitate the curators to interact under one platform.Speaking on the occasion, Regional Director of ASI, Dr SB Ota said that the interaction workshop was meant for energizing the in-charge of 44 odd site museums of the ASI spread all over the country. He said that in the rapidly changing scenario and the influx of tourism, the modernisation of site museums, from Tamluk in Bengal and Khajuraho in Madhya Pradesh was a dine necessity.Director, Allahabad Museum, Rajesh Purohit, said that the expertise of the Allahabad Museum, a Museum of National Importance, was available to the ASI in terms of leadership development. Resource persons invited by the ASI on the occasion are Shri AR Ramnathan, eminent architect and Prof. Sanjay Jain from MS University Vadodara. This conference of Museology of site museums is being held for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678658", "title": "Shelve Agara-Sirsi Circle project: panel", "text": "BANGALORE: In what could be a shot in the arm for civic activism in Bangalore, a government-appointed high-level committee has recommended the shelving of the proposed Sirsi Circle-Agara lake signal-free corridor project on Sarjapur Road. The committee has suggested that civic agencies should instead develop Hosur Road and Sarjapur Ring Road that have been designed to take heavy traffic and remove all bottlenecks on them. It submitted a report in this regard to the government on September 29. The report, copies of which are with TOI, was drafted after eliciting public opinion on the alternatives. The government set up the committee after residents of Koramangala kicked up a huge row over the BDA's felling of trees on the sly for the Rs 125-crore signal-free corridor project. The BDA took up work even as residents moved the high court against the project which involved building four flyovers in the residential locality. Headed by Kaushik Mukherjee, additional chief secretary and development commissioner, the committee held public consultations and set up a 12-member subcommittee involving citizen activists to come up with alternative proposals. The report said it \"will be undesirable to carry traffic from external sources into a residential colony like Koramangala when the regular Hosur Road as well as Sarjapur Ring Road which have been designed to take heavy traffic, are available\" . Amita Prasad, principal secretary of urban development department and committee member, said the report has been given to the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16675979", "title": "Centre\u2019s push for reforms may fuel debate within BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram on Thursday recalled BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's statement that his party was not opposed to FDI per se, as he expressed hope the main opposition party would take a nuanced stand.The finance minister's overture sets the stage for intense give-and-take over the quantum of foreign investment in pension and insurance sectors, and escalate the churn within the BJP on its response to the reforms measures. The BJP on Thursday opposed the proposals but with the caveat that it would finesse its stand after seeing the fine print. In fact, an influential section in the party is chary of being seen as anti-reforms for fear of losing the middle class mindspace, and the government's pitch can intensify the debate.The BJP has in the past supported pension reforms, with the parliamentary standing committee headed by former finance minister Yashwant Sinha suggesting the foreign investment ceiling for the insurance sector be retained at 26%. The government has, however, chosen to go ahead with the proposal to allow up to 49% overseas investment, and also align the limit for pensions with insurance: thus breaching the threshold unanimously set by the Sinha-led committee.However, the BJP, which has been keen to regain the middle class constituency it lost to Congress in 2004, is unlikely to mimic the stand of Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee. Mamata, who as a UPA partner consistently opposed reforms in insurance and pension sectors, as well as the Forward Contracts Regulation Act dealing with commodities trading, has now threatened to bring a no-trust vote.Its expectations from the BJP apart, the government's reforms gambit may succeed if it manages to persuade the SP and BSP to play along again. Known for their flexibility on a whole range of issues, the two parties have not shown any inclination to translate their anti-reforms rhetoric into effective opposition. On Thursday, the SP kept the government's hopes alive. Its leader Mohan Singh recalled his party's consistent opposition to FDI, but without ruling out a deviation.The BSP is likely to make its stand known on October 9, though there are few signs to suggest that it is ready to injure the government yet.With the bills unlikely to be introduced at least for the next four-five weeks, Cabinet's nod for pension and insurance reforms as well as the Forward Contracts Regulation Act was perhaps designed to pump up sentiments, spurring the already-bullish stock market. The BSE sensex scaled the 19,000 mark and closed at a 15-month high. The rupee also firmed to its strongest level in five-and-a-half months to end the day at 51.70 to a dollar.But the government's need to bolster sentiments and the sheer purpose of being seen as functioning at last has enhanced the possibility of a breakthrough moment for the long-pending liberalization measures. Chidambaram suggested that the public sector will remain unaffected by the proposals and the government had accepted a majority of the suggestions of the standing committee headed by Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677119", "title": "Legal dispute resolution centre at Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An alternative dispute resolution (ADR) centre would function from the Puri civil court premises from October 6. ADR is a joint move of the Odisha State Legal Services Authority and Puri District Legal Services Authority.The aim of the centre is to listen to the grievances of the needy and provide legal aid to them, said Bijay Chandra Rath, member secretary of state legal services authority. \"ADR will be first of its kind in the state to be opened for public use,\" Rath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679051", "title": "10 injured as gang goes on the rampage in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: An eight-member gang went on a rampage in the Kishkindhanagar slums at Kothrud in the early hours of Thursday, attacking several residents with iron rods and sharp weapons and damaging 24 vehicles. The police said creating terror in the slum seemed to be the sole motive of the gang.The gang came to the slum, which is located behind Vetal tekdi, around midnight. For the next half an hour, they thrashed at least 10 residents, including women, threw stones at their houses and damaged parked vehicles. They also broke residential electricity meters and smashed water storage drums kept outside the houses.The residents watched in fear as their vehicles and other property were damaged in front of them. The rampage stopped only after the Kothrud police reached the spot. The attackers fled but the police later managed to detain three of them.As many as 17 two-wheelers, three autorickshaws, three four-wheelers and a truck were damaged in the attack.Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said stringent action would be taken against the attackers. \"We have charged them under section 307 (attempt to murder) and sections of rioting of the Indian Penal Code. We have also booked them under the damage to public property Act,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan division) Kalyankumar Lavange told TOI that the police have identified the five absconding men. \"All of them are criminals on police record. We have sent police teams to trace them. Their three accomplices who have been detained are Akshay Kalokhe (19), Abhijit Marathe (19) and Deepak Zunjurake (22), all from the same area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678171", "title": "Pratyay Amritis 'Bihar Pride'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Foundation Australia chapter (BFAC) recently conferred the first Bihar Pride Award 2012 (BPA) on Pratyaya Amrit, secretary, road construction department (RCD), government of Bihar, for his outstanding contribution to development of the state.This award, instituted by the foundation's Australia chapter, is conferred on an individual for his outstanding work for development of Bihar.Earlier in 2011, Pratyaya Amrit, a Bihar-cadre IAS officer and former chairman of Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam Limited, had received the Prime Minister's Award for Excellence in Public Administration for turning the sick company into a Rs 80 crore profitmaking unit.\"We strongly believe that Amrit truly deserves this recognition as he has shown that with sheer determination, sincerity, commitment and hard work, one can make so much difference to the society. With his outstanding work and leadership, he has not only inspired the people of Bihar but many more across the globe,\" said Amit Das, secretary, BFAC.\"It is our social responsibility to encourage, promote and recognize those individuals who make us feel proud of being a Bihari,\" Das said.\"We are thankful to Pratyaya Amrit, who came to Sydney to receive this honour and personally inspired the Bihari community by spending some valuable time with us. It was indeed a great moment for all of us,\" said Shekhar Kishore of the BFAC.A large number of non-resident Biharis (NRBs), other NRIs and executive committee members of Bihar Foundation were present on this occasion. While interacting with NRBs in Australia, Amrit talked about ongoing development work and changed scenario in Bihar. He said hard work was continuing under the dynamic political leadership to bring prosperity and development to Bihar.The response of NRBs/NRIs about positive changes in Bihar was overwhelming. They expressed their desire to contribute to the development of Bihar in whatever way they could. Some members informed the gathering about the proposal to set up an engineering college at Forbesganj. The foundation members thanked the government for setting up a Bihar State Industrial Investment Advisory Council. They hoped that the council would develop a mechanism for tracking and monitoring the investment proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677702", "title": "CISF constable held for harassing woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old constable of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Mumbai was arrested on Wednesday for harassing a woman CISF constable to marry him at a women's hostel near Civil Aerodrome in Peelamedu in the city.Police said, K Manjuwala, 28, is working as a CISF constable at Coimbatore airport in the city. During a refresher course in Delhi six months ago, she met a constable A D Pandey, 20, who was working at CISF West Zone unit in Mumbai. They became close friends and soon Pandey proposed to marry her. However, she refused since she was elder to him. Soon after she came to Coimbatore, Pandey started calling her and disturbed her. This forced Manjuwala to change her number and also lodge a complaint with Peelamedu police station.On September 23, police received the petition and started their investigation. Meanwhile, Pandey, who was desperate to speak to Manjuwala, arrived here by a flight on October 2. He inquired about Manjuwala with CISF officials at Coimbatore airport. Since the officials were already informed about the matter, they took Pandey in custody. Later, he was handed over to Peelamedu police station, where Manjuwala was brought for inquiry.After rounds of inquiry, Pandey gave a written statement to the police that he would not disturb Manjuwala here. He was released on the victim's request. However, next day, around 5.35 am, Pandey went to CISF ladies hostel to meet Manjuwala. He tried convincing her into marrying him and refused to leave without marrying her. However, Manjuwala refused and tried explaining him the situation. Meanwhile, CISF officials rushed to the hostel and took Pandey to Peelamedu police station.Manjuwala told the police to arrest Pandey as she had given him enough chances; however, he did not change. Based on her complaint, police arrested Pandey under section 4 of Tamil Nadu Prevention of Women Harassment Act. Later, he was lodged in Borstal school at Pollachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "one of the most controversial figures to emerge from the sea of opinionated commentators during the run-up to the united states presidential election has been the 51 year-old, mumbai-born dinesh d'souza. his 2010 book 'the roots of obama's rage', which argues that president barack obama is trying to destroy western powers to fulfill his father's anti-colonial dreams, this year was adapted to become an unlikely film hit, '2016", "code": "16678961", "title": "'Obama has the wrong global point of view'", "text": "One of the most controversial figures to emerge from the sea of opinionated commentators during the run-up to the United States presidential election has been the 51 year-old, Mumbai-born Dinesh D'Souza. His 2010 book 'The Roots of Obama's Rage', which argues that President Barack Obama is trying to destroy Western powers to fulfill his father's anti-colonial dreams, this year was adapted to become an unlikely film hit, '2016: Obama's America'.What inspired you to make '2016: Obama's America'?I remembered that Michael Moore had made 'Fahrenheit 911' and unloaded it before the 2004 election, and I thought the conditions weren't so different right now - we have a controversial president and a country that is divided - so I wanted to do a similar thing.W hy do you think the majority of Indian-Americans support Barack Obama?I think for most Indian-Americans, Obama's appeal is that he is, like many of us, an in-between man. We are American in much of our identity, but at the same time, we come from another culture, so we are trafficking in the same world as him and identify with him. For most Indians, it is sufficient that Obama is global like them, but my argument with Obama is not that he has a global point of view but that he has the wrong global point of view. He is frozen in the anticolonial model of 50 years ago He seems to be the most modern of men, and his ideas are backwards.Do you support Romney, and what do you think he has to do to win over Indian-Americans?In the film, I don't mention Romney or the Republican Convention at all, but I will vote for him. However, I don't have a clear sense of what his true convictions are. You get the sense that he is tentative and unsure of himself or that he is barraged by consultants who tell him this is how he should be.The great paradox is that in their actual lives Indian-Americans are to the right of Romney. The Republican Party has three defining elements: they think that this is a dangerous world and the US needs to have a tough foreign policy, they want a society where people are free to rise on their own merits or not, and they want a free society but also a decent one where open displays of homosexuality, kids being born out of wedlock and pornography are limited.If Romney looked like Obama, he would sweep the Indian-American vote, but they identify with Obama because he is the underdog and symbolizes making it from outside, just like them. nyt news service", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16676517", "title": "Utkal University to install CCTV cameras in hostels", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University has decided to install surveillance cameras at its hostels to keep an eye on visitors following Wednesday's intrusion by a gang of anti-socials into Gopabandhu hostel and attack on boarders over previous enmity. The CCTV cameras would be kept at the entrance of the two boys hostels, Gopabandhu and Madhusudan.The premier university has 11 hostels, including five for women. Each hostel can accommodate around 300 boarders. \"The staff council has unanimously decided to augment security at the campus with the help of technology. We would later extend the surveillance camera facility to other hostels,\" university's registrar D N Jena told TOI. \"Installation of CCTV cameras is likely to be commissioned within a month,\" Jena said.The varsity has also decided to strengthen security at the three entrance points, the one facing the National Highway, (main entrance), Institute of Mines and Mineral Technology (IMMT) and VSS Nagar. \"We would either install CCTV cameras or biometric attendance machines at the three gates,\" Jena said.At present, 64 private security guards look after the university's security. Though a few guards were manning the main gate on Wednesday, the goons forcibly entered the campus late in the night and unleashed terror for around 30 minutes, leading to damage of property and injury of some students. In the past, the university has been in news due to clashes either between intra-student groups and student-former student groups. Violence had last erupted in July.Police on Thursday arrested nine more youths in connection with the Wednesday attack, taking the total number of arrests to 13 so far. Police said all the nine accused were former students of Utkal University. Police suspected that the former students along with some existing students of the university launched the attack on students' union president Tanmay Swain and six others to settle scores after the July unrest. \"The situation is under control now. Our forces are still present on the campus to avoid any untoward incident,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.Condemning the attack, students of several colleges in the city hit the streets on Thursday and demanded stringent action against the culprits. \"Students of other educational institutes threw their support behind us. We want better security system and complete curb on the movement of non-college students on the campus,\" Utkal University student leader Askash, aka Ajay Pani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16680875", "title": "Protests over Cauvery gains further momentum in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Protests over the Cauvery water dispute gained momentum on Friday with Kannada outfits planning several high-voltage rallies in the city even as the state government briefed a Central team on the water storage levels in reservoirs.Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is scheduled to begin a day-long dharna against the Prime Minister-chaired Cauvery River Authority's order to Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu daily.The state government this morning briefed a central team that has arrived to assess the ground realities.Chief secretary S V Ranganath and senior officials of water resources and agriculture ministries explained to the four-member team on the water storage levels in reservoirs in the backdrop of deficient rainfall and drinking water requirements of Bangalore.The four-member team later left for Mysore to study the situation in the Cauvery basin. They are slated to visit Krishna Raja Sagara dam and Hemavathi river besides aerial suvey of Kabini and Harangi rivers.Karnataka Rakshna Vedike is holding a procession from national college grounds to Freedom Park.JD is also organising a separate procession in the city to protest the CRA ruling.The protests, largely confined to Cauvery basin districts so far, are likely to lead to traffic snarls in parts of Bangalore on Friday, police warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677384", "title": "Burglary at mobile shop", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Unidentified burglars made away with cash and mobile accessories worth Rs 2 lakh from a mobile shop located at Georgetown locality under Georgetown police station during the intervening night of Wednesday and Thursday.Police said that burglars had broken a portion of the wall to ensure their entry inside the shop and stole cash, mobile and other accessories.The incident came to fore when the owner of the shop reached the spot and saw scattered spotted articles. Upon receiving call, a team of Georgetown police along with finger print experts and sniffer dog also rushed the spot.The finger print experts have taken sample for forensic collection. Investigations revealed that the burglars had conducted recee of the shop before striking. As they were well acquainted that the back portion of the wall was an open space and there would be no one keeping an eye on their activities so they had targeted the shop from back side by breaking a portion of the wall.Georgetown police said that a team has been constituted to crack down the incident. No arrest has been made so far in this connection.Three shot at, hospitalised: Three persons were admitted to SRN hospital after they sustained gun shot injuries near Bamrauli village under Dhoomanganj police station, here on Thursday evening.Dhoomanganj inspector Rajvir Singh told TOI \"All three who sustained injuries were taken to the hospital and condition of persons injured was stable.He said police had been investigating the case.Reports reaching here said an unidentified person had opened fire indiscriminately leaving three persons injured and the motive behind that unidentified person was yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16675358", "title": "Abducted woman, child saved by ex-neighbour", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: What was to be a pilgrimage to Shirdi, nearly turned into a horror story for Durga Patrudu, her eight-month-old boy Bhuvana Patrudu and her husband Lakshmana Patrudu. Durga and her son were drugged and kidnapped by two youths who took them to Manmad. But thanks to an old neighbour of the family, they were rescued and brought back to Vizag on Thursday night.It all began when the family, residents of Sriharipuram Colony, accompanied by Durga's mother, was returning from Shirdi. While waiting for Ajanta Express on Tuesday at Nagarsol station, 50 miles from Shirdi, Lakshmana ventured out of the second class waiting hall in the station. When he returned he found that his wife and child were missing. Lakshmana and his mother-in-law, who had also stepped out for some time, started searching for them frantically.\"I did not know what to do and where to go. Despite repeated announcements, my wife was not to be found. Many of those present at the station helped me search for my wife and son but their help was to no avail. Even her cell phone was switched off. On approaching the police, I was asked to file a complaint at Manmad junction,\" recalled Lakshmana. After enduring a great deal of stress ,Traumatised Lakshmana filed a complaint at the police station in Manmad.Lakshmana informed his kin about the incident and they started for Shirdi from Vizag. On Wednesday, his brother Narayana Patrudu and brother-in-law Bhaskar Rao were on their way to Shirdi by the Godavari Express.At Hyderabad station, Narayana saw his sister-in-law who was spotted travelling with one Sheikh Ahmed, a resident of Gajuwaka and former neighbour of Lakshmana. \"I immediately called up my brother and informed him that we had located his wife. Later, Ahmed gave us a full account of what actually transpired,\" said Narayana Patrudu. The woman and her child were said to have been drugged and kidnapped by two young men. They were spotted by Ahmed, who was on his way to Visakhapatnam at Manmad station on Wednesday. According to Narayana, Ahmed and one of his business associates confronted the two youth who were trying to board a train to Mumbai along with Durga and her son. After a scuffle, the two youngsters scampered in haste.Ahmed who had been Lakshmana's neighbour more than four years ago in Gajuwaka, had lost touch with his former neighbour and did not know how to get in touch with Durga's husband. Realising that Durga had been drugged and was in no state to provide him any information on her husband, Ahmed decided to take her back to Vizag.A relieved Lakshman said that it was fate and the blessings of Shirdi Sai Baba that came to his rescue in the form of an old neighbour and friend, Ahmed. Both the mother and her eight-month-old child reached Vizag late Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679199", "title": "Court denies criminal bail for skipping hearing", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge S D Darne on Thursday rejected the bail plea of a criminal on police record Prakash alias Haribhau Londhe from Loni Kalbhor for not attending a hearing in a criminal appeal filed by him in a theft case.In 2006, a magisterial court here had sentenced Londhe to three years of rigorous imprisonment with a fine of Rs 5,000. His wife, Vijaya Londhe, was acquitted due to lack of evidence.Londhe had challenged his conviction by filing a criminal appeal before the district and sessions court here. The appeal came up for hearing before judge Darne on July 24, but he did not turn up before the court. A non-bailable warrant for arresting him was issued on August 10 after he again failed to turn up before the court.A police team headed by inspector Suhas Garud, in-charge of the Loni Kalbhor police station, arrested Londhe on Wednesday. He was produced before the court on Thursday afternoon. Londhe's lawyer filed a plea to release him on bail.However, public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar pleaded that the bail be rejected since Londhe had 51 cases registered against him. She said that Londhe had challenged his convictions before the district court in three cases and complained that the hearing had to be deferred repeatedly because of his frequent absenteeism. She feared it would be difficult to secure his presence at the time of the hearing, since he may go absconding if he was given bail. Also, the accused had committed a murder at Yevat in 2011 while on bail.After hearing both sides, the court rejected Londhe's bail and sent him to the Yerawada central jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678843", "title": "Body in bag: Cops circulate CCTV footage", "text": "MUMBAI: Unable to make any headway in the murder case of a 30-year-old woman, whose body was found dumped in a trolley bag at CST, the GRP on Thursday circulated CCTV footage of the two suspects. The duo, in their mid-twenties and dressed in casuals, are seen offloading the bag from the Sinhagad Express on CST's platform no. 8 on September 26. GRP officials suspect their initial plan was to carry the bag outside the station and abandon it elsewhere in south Mumbai. But they panicked when they saw a RPF constable pass by. They then abandoned the bag next to a food stall on platform no. 8 and walked out of the exit adjacent to the GRP outpost.\"The bag is of China-make and expensive. We are trying to find out where it was purchased from. The deceased's identity hasn't been established,. There was also no tailor tag on her salwar kameez,\" said a GRP official. The police have been trying to procure CCTV footage of the station from where the duo boarded the train. \"We checked all the stations through which the train passes. However, not all stations have CCTVs,\" said senior inspector Surendra Deshmukh, who in the past week has travelled on the route half-a-dozen times quizzing regular commuters.\"The two suspects were travelling with the bag in the general compartment of bogie no. 5, which is reserved for passengers boarding from Pimpri-Chinchwad. It is not opened before Pimpri station. One of the regular commuters has said the bag was spotted at Karjat station as it was occupying too much space. This means the duo boarded somewhere between Pimpri and Karjat. Our focus is on Lonavla and Khandala,\" added Deshmukh.Forensic experts said the woman was killed not more than eight hours before her body was found. Cops are exploring the possibility of the accused having changed trains; a shuttle runs between Pune and Lonavla. \"As the body hadn't decomposed and wasn't emitting a foul odour, the accused thought they could easily carry it around in the bag and abandon it,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680613", "title": "400 women rescued from flesh trade", "text": "In a raid on Simplex building in south Mumbai on Thursday night, an additional commissioner of police and his team busted a prostitution racket. More than 400 women were rescued, some of them minors. \"We are yet to ascertain where the women come from,\" a senior official told TOI. The cops are trying to verify if any of the women are Bangladeshi nationals. Sixty customers were detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16678434", "title": "Congress, BJP struggling to finalise names", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress has decided the names of 46 candidates but is yet to announce them. On the other hand, its opponent, BJP is undecided on 23 names.With the announcement of election date, those who are being denied party tickets have already made it known that they would contest as rebels.In the screening committee meeting of Congress chaired by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , Congress has managed to evolve consensus on 46 seats but it has refrained from announcing the names of candidates finalized in the first list due to pressure as many seats are disputed with other aspirants lobbying hard at the last minute. Former Union minister and state Congress president Virbhadra Singh would be fielded from Shimla (rural) seat while no decision has been taken on adjoining Kasumpti seat, from where his wife Pratibha Singh too is staking claim for poll ticket.While chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal is struggling to adjust his close confident Ravinder Singh Ravi from Jawalamukhi seat, Virbhadra is struggling to accommodate his loyalist Sudhir Sharma, MLA from Baijnath, whose constituency has been reserved in the delimitation. Sudhir was earlier projected from Palampur, but he faced opposition of senior party leader Brij Behari Lal Butail and has now staked claim for ticket from Dharamshala. However, Jodhpur MP Chandresh Kumari and her son Aishwarya Katoch are posing a tough challenge to Sudhir.Similarly, Congress MLA from Chintpurni Rakesh Kalia too is looking for new constituency following the reservation of his constituency.BJP has finalized names of 45 candidates. In many seats, even sitting MLAs are facing competition and the ticket of Speaker Tulsi Ram, who had won the last election by a slim margin of 16 votes, is not sure this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16678097", "title": "Bengal\u2019s chit funds raised Rs 15,000 crore", "text": "KOLKATA: A preliminary report by the Union corporate affairs ministry has indicated that as many as 62 shady chit funds based in Bengal have mopped up Rs 15,000 crore from people over the past three to four years. The amount is almost double the state's allocation for development in the current fiscal.In July this year, Union minister of state for corporate affairs R P N Singh said in reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha that the government had directed the Registrar of Companies and its regional directors to scrutinize the balance sheets and inspect the books of 87 companies under scanner, of which 19 were from Bengal.A regional probe by the corporate affairs department in the last two months unearthed another 43 such firms with individual net worth ranging between Rs 100 and Rs 1,500 crore.According to officials, the figure may go up further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16677385", "title": "Dreaded KLO militant surrenders in Malda", "text": "Malda: A top Kamtapur Liberation Organisation (KLO) militant, Tirtha Burman alias Chila Roy, surrendered to Malda Police on Thursday with an aim to return to the mainstream.Wanted in a number of cases related to murder, extortion and abduction, Tirtha has courted arrest once and was released on bail later, only to return to militancy. He became a close aide of KLO chief Jeeban Singh owing to his expertise in using firearms. He was also assigned the responsibility of the commander of action group.Sources in the police said that way back in 2005, Tirtha, a resident of Kanturka village in Habibpur, had escaped from his house. He was still in Class IX then. Later, people came to know that Tirtha was being trained as a member of batch six of KLO at Chattagram forest of Bangladesh. It was here that he became close to Singh and identified himself as Chila Roy.Since then, Tirtha had been spending his days at a hideout in an Assam forest. In June 2010, he was arrested by Matigara Police of Siliguri, but released on bail. Tirtha returned to the forest thereafter and had been living there for the last six months.On Wednesday night, Tirtha came to the Bamangola police station of Malda and made an appeal to surrender following which Malda SP was informed.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"Several cases are pending against him. We have informed the state government about his surrender. The government will decide about his rehabilitation.\"A top brass KLO militant surrendered to Malda police with an aim to return to mainstream of the society. Wanted in number of cases, even arrested once and got released in bail only to return to militant life, Tirtha Burman alias Chila Roy, was mercurial behind many operations. Expert in using firearms, Tirtha became the close aide of Jiban Singha and was assigned with the responsibility of Commander of Action Group. Mostly spending days in the hideout of deep forest of Assam, Tirtha was arrested by Matigara police of Siliguri in June, 2010. But released on bail he again returned to forest and had been there for last six months, as learnt.Police sources revealed that back in 2005, while studying in Class IX at his own village of Kanturka under Habibpur police station of Malda, Tirtha escaped from house. later it was known that he was being trained as a member of sixth batch of Kamtapur Liberation Organisation (KLO) at Chattagram forest of Bangladesh. Soon he became close to Jiban Singha and turned as Chila Roy.Accused with different crimes including murder charge, Tirtha last night appeared at Bamangola Police Station of Malda. Police were no doubt taken aback with his presence. He appealed to surrender. Police Super was intimated at once. Finally this morning Tirtha surrendered before SP Jayanta Pal. SP said, \"Several cases are pending against him. Fore his security he was kept in a hideout. We have informed the state govt about his surrender. The govt will decide about his rehabilitation.\"It is further learnt that back in 2006, chargesheet was placed by Habibpur police to court against Tirtha claiming him as KLO militant. Besides, charges of murder, abduction and extortion were labeled against Tirtha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16679027", "title": "Advocate, wife honoured in Louisiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: A Rani Jhansi Road-based couple have been honoured by the city of Baton Rouge - capital of Louisiana, USA - with the title of 'Honourary Mayor President'. While advocate Bharat Bir Singh Sobti practices in Punjab and Haryana high court, his wife Dr Praveen C Sobti is a professor in the department of paediatrics at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital.The office of mayor president of Louisiana's second largest city - where Bobby Jindal is the governor - has felicitated the Ludhiana couple for their contribution in their respective fields. The Sobtis were also presented with an ornamental key of the city.The 62-year-old lawyer said: \"My wife and I were taken by surprise when we got a call. We feel really honoured and appreciate the recognition.\"He added: \"It was B K Agnihotri, the advisor and ambassador-at-large, USA, who briefed the office of mayor president of Baton Rouge about us. He was also present when we were presented with the certificates,\" added Bharat Bir, who has also served as the senior additional advocate general in the officer of advocate general, Punjab.His wife, meanwhile, was honoured for her contribution in paediatrics, especially treating blood disorders and cancer in children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677751", "title": "NMC meet adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC's standing committee meeting was adjourned on Thursday, after paying homage to prominent personalities who died during last week. The next date of the adjourned SC meeting is to be announced, shortly.The meeting was adjourned after paying condolence to the late Ramakant Gujar, father-in-law of the corporator Vinayak Pande, late Chima Shetti, mother-in-law of the corporator Rupali Gavand and late Tukaram Ghongade, an uncle of corporator Ramesh Dhongade.The adjournment was tabled by the Shiv Sena member Ajay Boraste and others. The officiating chairperson Seema Hiray announced the adjournment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16680357", "title": "39 rhinos killed in 10 months in Kaziranga National Park", "text": "GUWAHATI: The death of 39 rhinos in and around the world-famous Kaziranga National Park in less than 10 months has brought to the fore the threat faced by the endangered animal.The threat comes from poachers, who kill the rare one-horned rhinoceros for its prized horn whose price in the international market varies from Rs 40 lakh to Rs 90 lakh, and flood which is an annual occurrence in Assam.Early last month, the poachers killed five rhinos in four days taking advantage of the flood waters that submerged 90 per cent of the UNESCO world heritage site.The poachers removed the animals' horns and left them to bleed to death while the forest guards did not have an inkling of what was going on.Coupled with the rampant poaching, blamed mostly on illegal Bangladeshi migrants while not ruling out involvement of militants of the Karbi Peoples' Liberation Tigers, is the lack of adequate staff in the heritage sanctuary and equipment with the forest department.The Kaziranga National Park boasts of a 2,290-strong rhino population as per the last census conducted this year.Assam forest minister Rakibul Hussain said poachers have killed 11 rhinos, including six inside the park, and five in the neighbouring Karbi Anglong district where the animals shifted to escape the flooded forest.He also said that another 28 rhinos drowned in the floods during the year.Official sources said that there were intelligence reports about the involvement of militants of the Karbi Peoples' Liberation Tigers in the poaching of rhinos and removal of their horns.The sources said that in the 1988 flood 1,203 rhinos were killed while 10 years later 652 of them died in another wave of devastating flood.Assam's forest department has come under flak from different quarters for its alleged failure to protect the animal, particularly during the time of floods.\"We feel the management of the forest department has failed to protect the rhinos during flood and there is lack of coordination between the department and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council where many animals shift to escape being drowned,\" prominent conservation group 'Aaranyak' said.Firoz Ahmed, an official of the NGO, alleged there had been a failure in intelligence gathering and a complete lack of prior planning to face the annual natural calamity on the part of the forest department.Absence of rapport and coordination with the fringe communities have also weakened the Forest Department's monitoring mechanism over the peripheral areas of the Park, Soumyadeep Dutta of Nature's Beckon, pointed out.Asom Gana Parishad president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta alleged the ruling Congress had settled illegal migrants inside the buffer zone of the Park to increase the party's vote bank.A section of these people are directly involved in poaching or have links with the poachers, he alleged.The forest minister, however, refuted the allegation, stating it was during the rule of the AGP government, led by then chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, in 1996 an order was issued to settle 96 landless families in the buffer zone.Hussain said the state government had already taken adequate steps to deal with the spurt in poaching which include recommending a CBI inquiry into poaching cases during the last three years and deployment of Army and central para military forces in areas adjoining the national park to foil the attempts of poachers.\"A hundred-member team of the elite Assam Forest Protection Force for the protection of the animal has been already sent to the Park while another 50 personnel of the elite force would be sent to the park within this week,\" Hussain said.Environmental conservation organisations have also demanded that perpetrators of the crime be pursued and brought to justice and authorities responsible for protection of natural heritage be held accountable.Ahmed pointed out that there was an urgent need to build adequate number of 'scientific' highlands for shelter of flood-hit animals in the Park and strengthen the intelligence network system to ensure steady flow of information regarding poachers.Besides, the local people residing in fringe areas of the Park must be taken into consideration through a participatory approach in intelligence gathering in order to nab the poachers.All vacancies of frontline staff in the Park must be filled through direct recruitment from local people and they should be equipped with advanced equipment and arms, besides setting up of more anti-poaching camps in Karbi Anglong districts, he said.The area of concern where rhinos are being poached in Karbi Anglong should also be immediately annexed to the Park under its jurisdiction and a dedicated veterinary centre should be set up inside the Park.Dutta pointed out that the forest and police departments must properly follow all cases pending at courts against poachers, so that bail is not granted to poachers and high rate of conviction must be ensured.He also demanded exemplary action against those forest officials responsible for lapses leading to poaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677839", "title": "400 people stopped from migrating to Tripura in search of work", "text": "RANCHI: Timely intervention by an NGO here stopped over 400 people from going to Tripura. These villagers, who hail from the districts of Ranchi, Khunti, Ramgarh, Lohardaga, Simdega and Latehar along with women and children, had gathered at the Birsa Bus terminal here on Wednesday night ostensibly to go to Tripura in search of work when they were stopped by the NGO on the ground that they were being trafficked by some agents. The largest number of 212 persons in the group were from Lohardaga, while 68 were from Ranchi district.Baidyanath, a member of the NGO, said: \"These people were being taken to Tripura by some agents. It is a clear case of trafficking. The people are claiming that they were being taken by their 'sardar' but they are not ready to disclose his name. We have informed the district administration about the matter.\"But when TOI interacted with these villagers it was found that they were not led by anyone but were going on their own. \"My friends , who are working in Tripura, told me that they are being paid very well there. Hence, I and ten other persons from my village planned to go to Tripura in search of work as we don't have much source of income here,\" said Sukra Oraon of Lohardaga.Sukhdeo Kachchap of Mandar said, \"I went to work in Tripura last year. I was going there again when these people stopped me and my family. They are neither giving us work here nor are they letting us go out of the state to look for work. How shall we survive?\"The NGO, on its part, claimed that as many as 136 minor girls among the group who have accompanied the families were, in fact, being trafficked. But Choti, a minor, claimed that she was going with her mother and brother.On being asked if stopping these workers from migrating was an infringement on their right to work, Ranchi deputy commissioner (DC) Vinay Choubey said, \"We are not stopping these workers from migrating. We stopped them because they were not registered and neither did anyone have a bus ticket. Workers have to be registered and given identity cards prior to their inter-state migration. The details of these people have been taken down now and they have been sent back to their villages.\"The only question these people raised was what will they do for a living now?One of them, Chinta Devi said, \"We were going because we did not get work here. Now that they are sending me back I don't know what to do for a living. I will try moving out again if I get a chance.\"The DC said that these people will be permitted to go out after their card is made. \"We'll hold camps in the places from where the people were migrating so that their worker cards are made. We will also be distributing sewing machines among women so they can work staying at their homes. The children who were migrating will be given scholarships,\" said Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16676839", "title": "Puja lightings to bring alive Olympics glory", "text": "KOLKATA: The nation sat glued to their television sets on certain days in August this year to watch Indian athletes fighting for medals to bring the country laurel in the London Olympics. The country erupted in joy each time an athlete won a medal. More than a month down the line, medal winning Olympians must be gradually slipping away from the memory of the public mind.A month down the line, the athletes, who brought glory to India, will shine once again in the lanes and bylanes of Kolkata this Pujas.The light technicians from Chandannagore will ensure that athletes, who made the country proud, remain in our memory. Be it boxer Mary Kom, wrestlers Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt , shooters Gagan Narang and Vijay Kumar and badminton star Saina Nehwal , Kolkatans are set to get yet another glimpse of these medallists during the Puja this year.\"This was India's best ever performance in the Olympics. There were a lot of frenzy in the country as our athletes fought for medals in London. Why not making them shine once again during the biggest festival of the state?\" said Sreedhar Das, a Chandannagore light technician.So, do not be surprised if you find magnificent Mary making her punches in your locality or Sushil Kumar tossing his rivals around at the pandal close to your house. Light technicians from Chandannagore are preparing these lightings on a war footing , to treat your eyes during the five day festivity.India won six medals in London Olympics 2012 , the highest ever medal tally. The medal winners were given a gala welcome on their return and showered with cash prizes.\"The most amazing of all the heroes is Mary Kom. Despite being a mother of two kids, she fought all odds to win an Olympic medal for the country. Therefore, the boxer will feature in a major way in the lightings. I am sure puja revellers will love to see the other Olympic medallists too,\" said another light technician.The light technicians are also busy preparing other lighting items according to Puja themes by various organizers. \"As most of the Pujas are theme-based, we will light up the pandals according to the theme. For example, for a Puja that has Swami Vivekananda as the theme, the pandal will be decked up in sync with the theme. We will use the lightings of the Olympic medallists in the streets leading up to the pandals. These lights would be a hit with the children as well as the adults,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678090", "title": "872 lecturers appointed in engineering colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The directorate of technical education has appointed 872 lecturers in diploma and degree engineering colleges in the state. The recruitment which were pending for the past two years were fast-tracked and completed within a week.The department had invited online applications from candidates on September 27, and on October 3 the selected candidates were handed over the appointment letters. The lecturers have been given contract-based appointments for 11 months.The lecturers who will teach in diploma engineering colleges have been appointed on a pay of Rs 25,000 per month while the degree engineering lecturers will earn a salary of Rs 30,000 per month.There were 592 vacancies in 26 polytechnic engineering colleges while 280 seats were vacant in 16 degree engineering colleges.Academicians said that they had been representing the case of acute shortage of staff in engineering colleges for the past over one-and-a-half years but no action was taken. \"In fact, the election dates have come as a blessing in disguise as the matter was expedited\", said a senior faculty at LD Engineering College. The lecturers appointed are expected to join duty from next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677437", "title": "Tender out for 4k night vision devices for CRPF", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the fresh standard operating procedures (SOPs) for anti-naxal operations are being debated among paramilitary forces, the government has set the ball rolling for its implementation.The government has floated global tenders to procure about 4,000 specialized \"human detecting\" night vision devices apart from over 3,000 binoculars for use in the dark. The decision has been taken in the wake of the recent Baseguda encounter in Chhattisgarh where several civilians were allegedly killed in a battle between CRPF men and naxalites.The government had proposed new SOPs following the killings that called for use of rubber bullets and tear gas shells, followed by sniper attacks and also increased use of night vision equipment to identify civilians out of naxalites.The forces had found several suggestions in the SOPs impractical.However, with unanimity on the need for night vision equipment, the CRPF has floated a multi-country tender through which it wants to procure 3,804 passive night devices (monocular) besides 3,241 binocular devices which will be given to troops conducting anti-naxal operations during the night. The mandatory requirement of these night vision gadgets, according to the tender, is to \"detect and recognize human beings within 125-200 metres in star lit conditions without moonlight\".Sources said a multi-expert team from various central security agencies including the elite commando force NSG, drew up the tender requirements that are aimed to give the troops the \"best eye in the dark\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677548", "title": "Nine-member panel to solve Haldia crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: The Citu and Inttuc unions have made it clear that Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd will be allowed to resume operations at berths 2 and 8 of Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) only if the company reinstates the 275 workers retrenched recently. While HBT officials remained non-committal on this subject, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), on Thursday, offered a fresh proposal to all stakeholders to restore normalcy at HDC.The port management has also proposed the setting up of a nine-member committee to look into the ongoing trouble at HDC. The committee, comprising three members each from the KoPT management, HBT and handling agents, is expected to submit a report in the next few days.It is expected to find a solution and submit a report in the next few days.\"All major ports, particularly along the eastern coastline, are passing through a downtrend for the last one year. Iron ore was a major export item from HDC but over the last year, due to ban on mining, the volume dropped from nine million tones to three million tones. In comparison to other ports, Haldia and Kolkata suffered less due to the recession. Everybody must appreciate that the port is a tool for regional development. We are exploring other sources of income and planning to reduce expenses till the difficult times pass.In Thursday's meeting with all stakeholders, we offered a possible solution that should be explored by all parties. The committee will hopefully come up with a solution to the situation,\" said Manish Jain, chairman-in-charge, KoPT.According to him, this is only a temporary phase that will pass soon. \"There is no need for apprehensions. Work was affected in two berths at HDC but things should be normal after this meeting. All stakeholders will have to yield a bit of space to tide over the crisis. We can't guarantee minimum tonnage to any party though. We shall try to increase the overall volume of cargo through barging and transloading.The state government has been approached to look into the law and order situation but it hasn't got back to us as yet,\" Jain said.HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi, who was present at the meeting, said that his company would study the 'solution' offered by KoPT before deciding whether to join the committee. \"Only if there is a possibility of an increase in cargo, will we join the committee. No organization can survive unless it can make profits,\" he said.The KoPT's proposal was not revealed by the stakeholders but sources said that it involves sending in more ships to the two berths handled by HBT, provided the company doesn't take steps that may result in a law and order situation. This means that HBT will reinstate the workers it retrenched and other handling agents won't object to more ships entering its two berths.\"We agree to the setting up of the committee. Certain adjustments will have to be made by all sides. We are ready to evaluate the proposal,\" said Capt Ashraf of Five-Star Shipping, a labour contractor. S Bose of Ripley &amp; Co, a handling agent, said that the solution offered by KoPT is practical. \"There is no problem if a solution can be arrived at without harming anybody's interest,\" he said.Both former MP and Citu leader Lakshman Seth and Asim Sutradhar of the Inttuc said that HBT will have to reinstate the 275 retrenched workers if they want to resume work at HDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677721", "title": "7 nabbed in 1cr robbery case", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have arrested seven people in connection with the daytime robbery of Rs 1.03 crore at gun point from a builder's office in Uttam Nagar on September 27.They have also recovered Rs 65 lakh and gold worth Rs three lakh and seized two cars - an Innova and a Lancer and five motorcycles that were used in the crime.The arrested have been identified as Nagesh Bhagwat Sonawane (28) of Upendra Nagar, Cidco, Sameer alias Chhotya Pathan (24) of Uttam Nagar Cidco, Nitin Kale alias Khichadya (26) of Pathardi Phata, Sagar Bhadangve (25) of More Mala, Panchvati, Sunil Khokle (26) of Upendra Nagar, Cidco, Krushna Patil (22) of Adarsha Nagar, Cidco and Anil Pandit Aher (28) of Uttam Nagar, Cidco.Last Thursday, at 10am, Nitin, Sameer and Nagesh and a Lalya Bhadange kept a watch on the office of Mukund Mandge, who was about to leave the office carrying Rs 1.03 crore for a land deal in Igatpuri, along with his partner. The thieves entered Mangde's office at Yash Archade in Uttam Nagar with covered faces and donning helmets. They snatched the cash from the builders at gun point.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that on the same day of the robbery, they had seized the car used in the crime and also identified the accused.\"The role of the public was important in tracking the culprits as people had seen the robbers covering their faces and putting on the helmets. Subsequently, the person who gave the accused the tip-off about the cash from the builders' office was also identified,\" said Sarangal.The only thing left, he added, was nabbing them and seizing the cash. On Saturday, the Thane police recovered Rs 28 lakh, after they found an MUV parked near the Wagle Estate area. The thieves were apparently resting in the car with the air conditioner on. When the police approached them and attempted to interrogate them, the accused picked up two bags of cash and fled from the scene leaving behind the MUV as well as one bag of cash which contained 28 lakh.The police sent different teams to Rajasthan, Goa, Mumbai, Pune, Thane and other areas and also sought information from their informants. On Tuesday, the police got information that Samir Pathan and Nitin Kale were coming to Nashik Road. Subsequently, the Nashik Road police laid a trap and nabbed them from More Mala and handed them over to the Ambad Police. They got information that Nagesh Sonawane was in Thane and he too was arrested.However, Sonal Bhadange alias Lalya is absconding. The police recovered Rs 1.35 lakh from Samir Pathan, Rs 1.15 lakh from Nitin Kale, and Rs 30.3 lakh from Nagesh Sonawane. Meanwhile, the Thane police seized Rs 28 lakh on Saturday when the culprits fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16677087", "title": "'Model beach' with modern amenities starts operating in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A community-run sea beach, first of its kind in Odisha, was thrown open to tourists at Puri on Thursday. The beach, christened as 'model beach' was inaugurated by state tourism and culture minister Maheswar Mohanty.The 400-metre stretch of the beach between Bankimuhan to Panthaniwas has been developed by voluntary organization, Barefoot.\"This is for the first time a beach will be maintained by a community. We will assist the organization in keeping the beach clean and beautiful,\" Mohanty said.The model beach boasts of palm leaf shades and beach chairs for the comfort of visitors. Barefoot plans to introduce some beach recreation activities and erect temporary cubicles where tourists, mostly women can change their clothes after a bath in the sea.\"Lifeguard service is the most important service available on our beach. The lifeguards are being trained and will be given modern equipment to prevent drowning mishaps in the demarcated area,\" Barefoot founder Yugabrat Kar said, \"We guarantee the privacy, safety, security and comfort of tourists in our area from morning till evening (around 8pm). Beach vendors will not pester tourists,\" Kar said.He said the tourists, who take the assistance of lifeguards and other amenities like sunbath on beach chairs, massage and soft drink facilities will have to pay a user fee. \"The money will be paid to the lifeguards and security guards. We also seek the assistance of hotels, existing near the 500-meter beach,\" Kar said.The state government is planning to segregate the 7-km beach into several zones and engage local communities to look after the stretches. Each designated zone of the beach will be identified by a name and have a host of amenities for tourists.Inauguration of the model beach came a day after state chief secretary Bijay Kumar Patnaik asked the Puri district administration to take steps to beautify the beach. Patnaik directed the district administration to pay attention to the protection of tourists on sea beach, especially to prevent drowning incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679080", "title": "Hooliganism in industrial belts draws CII concern", "text": "PUNE: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has expressed concern over increasing incidences of hooliganism and high-handed interference of local elements in the operations and business practices of units in the state's industrial belts.The industry body has already raised the issue with the state administration and expressed hope that the situation will soon reach an amicable solution, said CII Western Region chairman Pradeep Bhargava, on Wednesday.\"Industrial relations in various pockets have become a matter of serious concern and politicization of the atmosphere is equally worrisome,\" Bhargava said. He added that CII is in the process of getting together the leaders of various workers unions to make an exchange of ideas possible and make the state's industry hubs more conducive.Bhargava said the CII is also working with the state government to make available land acquired for special economic zones (SEZs) for setting up new industries. He said the Centre's modification of SEZ specific fiscal benefits and other concessions have made most of these zones unviable. \"On one hand we have industries thirsting for land to set up new factories and on the other there is land acquired for SEZs lying unutilized,\" Bhargava said.The CII has been in a dialogue with the Maharashtra government on various sectors including tourism, affordable housing, eco-friendly public buildings and carbon footprint assessment. The CII has submitted a concept note on the state's tourism potential and the approach which it can adopt to develop new locations and improve existing ones, he said. Bhargava said the CII has filed an elaborate response to the Centre's land acquisition bill making its stand clear on different aspects of the bill. \"For the success of any economic reforms which the government wants to put in place, land acquisition is going to be a key factor,\" he said.Bhargava said the CII has taken many initiatives to improve the skills and employability of the state's youngsters. The CII has worked with some educational and professional institutions to create a 'finishing school' module for English speaking. Bhargava said the module has proven successful in some Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and will now be extended to other ITI s in the state.Rajeev Bhide, chairman of CII's Western Regional Council, said an initiative 'Pune City Connect' is planned to debate over issues of city's traffic and road safety. Also on cards is a job fair for the physically-challenged in association with local NGOs, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678044", "title": "Avoid protest-hit roads and traffic snarls today", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangaloreans are on Friday likely to feel the heat of the agitation against the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu . Various organizations are slated to take out marches disrupting traffic movement in southern and central parts of the city. Kannada organizations have called a state bandh on Saturday.Reports on Friday's protests left the public confused. Readers flooded the TOI office with calls seeking to know whether a bandh was being observed on Friday too. Police said no bandh has been called in the city for the day. Even as protests continued in Mandya and Mysore, the state government moved the apex court seeking a stay on the CRA order to release 9,000 cusecs of water to TN daily. Two central teams reached Karnataka and TN to assess water levels.Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar said: \"At least two massive rallies are expected to be taken out, besides several demonstrations. One rally will leave the National College grounds around 10.30am. Another is being taken out from Vokkaligara Sangha headquarters in VV Puram to Hudson Circle, near the BBMP headquarters. Organizers of the National College rally announced they will head to Raj Bhavan. But we will divert both.The National College rally will be diverted to Freedom Park, while the other one will have to go to Banappa Park. Representatives of the organizations will be allowed to submit a memorandum at Raj Bhavan.\"\"We expect minimum disruption. But we can't be sure. Motorists should take diversions and avoid KR Road, JC Road, Hudson Circle, KG Road, Seshadri Road and Nrupatunga Road to escape traffic snarls,\" additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679053", "title": "Corruption stalls nation's economic growth: Hegde", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Collusive corruption among big business houses and the government is the main cause of India's economic debacle, said Justice N Santosh Hegde, who was with the Team Anna during its initial round of war against corruption.\"Corruption in Indian society has grown to such a monstrous level that it is wrecking the economy and growth. Corruption is not something of recent origin, but it was never openly accepted by the society,\" said justice Hegde while speaking at a panel discussion on 'The Role of Indian Youth in Democracy', organized jointly by Asian School of Business (ASB) and Young Indians (Yi) on Thursday.Urging students to show courage and commitment to oppose corruption, Hegde, who has publicly fought the corrupt said, \"Do not ever condone corruption under any circumstances for it can be deemed as an encouragement. Every child should tell his father that he or she does not want anything bought from corrupt earnings,\" he said.Corruption has taken away money that should have been legitimately available for development needs. \"From 1948 to 2012, India has lost 'nine crore crores' of rupees. If the money were to be distributed among all the villages in India, each village would have got 126 crore. This would have led to more prosperity.\"He also pointed out a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India which showed that for the year 2006-07, as much as Rs 51,000 crore was unaccounted.Justice Hegde, who had served in the Supreme Court of India, criticized judiciary as well. \"Today it is well known that there is corruption in judiciary,\" and referred to an allegation made by a former law minister that retiring judges write judgments keeping their future appointments in mind.Referring to his distancing from Team Anna, he said he wished to be associated with a watchdog body and not join politics. \"My reason for joining the Anna Movement was to fight for a strong Lokpal Bill, which was recommended in as early as 1964. In the intervening years, nine bills were tabled but all lapsed due to lack of commitment from the people concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678681", "title": "High-security area rocked by murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A balloon seller, Tej Partab Singh, 30, was found murdered near the high-security helipad area adjoining Rajindra Park on Thursday. The victim belonged to UP and was staying at Nayagaon with his family.Cops said a sharp-edged weapon was used in the killing and the body was identified by his brother Bansi, also from Naya Gaon.His cycle was found nearby. SHO of Sector-3 police station Neeraj Sarna said the incident happened probably when the victim was on his way home in the afternoon. A case has been registered and the body was sent to GMSH-16 mortuary, and would be handed over to his family after postmortem on Saturday. Tej Partab is survived by his wife and two kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16677990", "title": "2 more test positive for H1N1", "text": "BHOPAL: Two more persons were tested positive for swine flu in the state capital on Thursday. The district integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) sent 8 samples of suspected H1N1 cases for tests to the ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur. This year about 55 persons have tested positive for swine flu in Bhopal , resulting in 20 deaths.The two confirmed cases are admitted to private hospitals in the city. \"The condition of the two-year old girl, who tested positive for swine flu is critical. Another 35-year-old man is likely to be discharged in a few days,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.The last reported death due to swine flu was that of a 70-year-old man, who died at his residence in the city on October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681492", "title": "KVSR release delayed by a week", "text": "Darshan starrer historical magnum opus Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna is the most awaited film of the year. Directed by Naganna the Kannada film fans are eagerly waiting for the release of this film. The post production work of the film is in full swing now and the latest we hear about the release of the film is that the release of the film may be postponed by a week.The Animal Board permission which was awaited for the film is expected to be cleared in a day or two. The graphic work and music recording is complete.Yogish's film Kalaaya Thasmai Namaha directed by Chandrasekhar will be released along with one more Kannada film in October.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16678317", "title": "HC awards man life term for murder", "text": "SHIMLA: Turning down the plea of insanity that had led to acquittal of a murder accused by the trial court, the Himachal Pradesh high court on Thursday awarded life sentence after holding the accused guilty of murder.Sessions court, Shimla , in its May 29, 2004 judgment had acquitted Rajinder Singh for the murder of Madan Singh, whose naked body with head and face smashed with a stone was found near a shop in Deed village of Theog division on May 7, 2003.The shopkeeper, Balak Ram, a key prosecution witness, had informed the court that Rajinder Singh and Madan had entered into a drunken brawl. He then rushed to his home to call up the victim's family about the fight. However, when he came back, he found Madan's naked body in a pool of blood.The accused was caught hiding at some distance from his residence, the following day. On being medically examined, Madan was charged with murder.However, the \"Trial court acquitted the accused, mainly on the grounds, that there was no eye-witness and this was a case of circumstantial evidence, the circumstances had not been proved and linked in such a fashion that it would lead to irresistible conclusion that it was the accused alone who had committed the murder.\"Before awarding life term to the accused, the high court division bench of Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Rajiv Sharma observed that though the main defence of the accused was insanity, there was no evidence to prove the fact that he was insane.The accused was married, had children, worked with other family. Only on one occasion was the accused treated by a doctor, who had not made a clear cut diagnosis.\"In view of these circumstances, we are of the considered opinion that the trial court gravely erred in giving the accused benefit of Section 84 of IPC,\" the judges observed before convicting the accused in a judgment delivered on September 17.On Thursday, the convict was produced before the court for quantum of sentence and the judges pronounced a rigorous imprisonment for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677741", "title": "Hospitals in powerless predicament", "text": "COIMBATORE: As round-the-clock power supply is mandatory for the functioning of hospitals, administrators are running up exorbitant costs to ensure there is no disruption in rendering medical services. Realizing it would not be financially viable to continue in this manner indefinitely, owners have raised their demand for uninterrupted power supply and subsidized diesel.Continuous power supply is essential in hospitals, said S Karthick Prabhu, president, Indian Medical Association. This has hit medium and small hospitals hard as they are forced to operate on generators. \"Eighty per cent of hospitals in the district comes under the medium and small category,\" he said. Any small hospital with a 50-bed facility would require a 100 KV generator, an expense of Rs30,000 every month. Hospitals are taxed in various ways and this is an additional burden, Karthik added.\"We need at least 70 litres of diesel each day to operate 100KV generators just to keep essential life-saving equipment working,\" said R Prabhu, Administration manager, Child Trust hospital. He said they could not depend on Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited for uninterrupted supply. Hospital equipment is very expensive and can easily spoil with minor fluctuations in power, explained. The UPS system helps stabilize supply, but they could not let down their guard, he added. The hike in diesel price had hiked up hospital costs by 20 per cent. Some of the costs had to be passed on to patients to curb losses, he said.Jayaram Govindarajan, executive director, Women Center said, as of now treatment costs have not increased as the hospital has been bearing losses. They operated two 365KV generators. Monthly energy cost which was Rs 7 lakh has now doubled due to the hike in diesel and deteriorating power situation. Given that it is a fertility center where cells are grown, continuous power is integral to smooth operations. While industries have the advantage of tariff slabs, hospitals come under services, where charges for power consumption are high, Jayaram added.Ravi Kumar, a laproscopic surgeon at Mowthi's Nursing Home in Vadavalli said that round the clock power was essential for the storage of vaccines and other medicines.S Karthick, an Orthopedic surgeon at a private hospital said that some of the bulbs used in the theatre costs between Rs 1000 and Rs 30,000. Expenses on account of damages have to be borne only by the hospital, he said.Although so far most hospitals have not passed on these additional costs to patients, the pressure is mounting for them to increase treatment charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681791", "title": "I love cooking: Neelu Vaghela", "text": "She is one of the strictest mothers on screen. But in real life she is polar opposite of her on screen character. Neelu Vaghela or Bhabho of Diya Aur Bati Hum is fun-loving and very talkative.Constantly doing masti and making people laugh, her approach to life is similar. She says, \"I laugh a lot and I love to see smiling faces. I love kids and the concept of a joint family. I don't think one should live separately after getting married and form a nuclear family. I love to cook and feed people.\" About life, she adds, \"I believe one should try and try to do their best in life and should continue working till life ends.\"Ask her about the heavy costumes and jewelry used to glam up the small screen, she says, \" TV ke liye this is required. But Bhabho's look normally consists of casual sarees with an embroidered border teamed with a necklace and a single kada to give that Rajasthani touch to her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16678701", "title": "Schools lack basic facilities despite SC order", "text": "VARANASI: The Supreme Court may have directed the central and state governments to provide basic infrastructure like drinking water facilities and properly functional toilets in all schools within six months, but most government schools in the district do not seem to have taken the order very seriously.TOI visited several government primary and upper primary schools in the district to ascertain the availability or condition of these facilities, and the findings were in clear contrast with the aims and expectations of the apex court. Most schools lacked proper drinking water facilities and toilets.According to Vidyawati, in-charge of a government primary school in Chowkaghat area, despite several complaints, the toilet complex at the school has been lying defunct as it has no water supply or proper doors. She said the school does not have a proper storeroom to keep necessities related to mid-day meals, and therefore a classroom is being used for the purpose. \"The room meant for storage urgently needs repair,\" she informed.Similar conditions were observed in primary schools at Ghausabad, Maldahiya, Nakkhighat, Pisnahariya, Nati Imli, Jaitpura, Teliabagh. Fauzia Tanzeem, head mistress of a primary school at Ghausabad area said the school has no water supply. \"Students bring their water bottles or drink water from a public water tap outside the school. The hand pump has not been in use for around a year. In fact, the school has no water of its own to cook mid-day meals, and water is arranged from outside for the purpose. There is a single toilet for 211 students, and that too needs repair,\" informed Tanzeem.But lack of drinking water facilities and a proper sanitation plan were not the only issues. Dilapidated classrooms, lack of kitchen sheds, sewage backflow, and water logging in class rooms were other issues faced by the children and the school staff on a regular basis.However, the basic education department has no information of how many such schools exist in the district. \"We identified a few schools earlier and filed a report annually for their construction and maintenance, but this time, as per the SC order, all schools have to be taken into consideration. As soon as we get a direction from the government, we would conduct a survey within 8 to 10 days,\" said Paramhans Singh Yadav, basic shiksha adhikari. According to Brijesh Kumar Rai, block education officer, however, drinking water and toilets are in a good shape in the city and surveys of all the schools have already been started and a report in this regard will be prepared soon.According to a survey conducted by an NGO, Sahbhagi Shikshan Kendra, poor condition of toilets in schools up to class VIII is one of the major reasons behind school dropouts among girls in two blocks of the district. The survey found that around 90% of the toilets in schools of the two blocks are closed and used only by teachers. However the survey suggests that drinking water facilities have improved with increased number of hand pumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680870", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s Damarukam release postponed?", "text": "It's been strongly buzzed that the release of Nagarjuna-starrer Damarukam might be postponed. The film's release was originally planned on October 12, but that looks unlikely as sources say that the makers are planning to push the release to third or fourth week of October.Production sources cite that the delay in graphical works has prompted them to postpone the release. This means, Damarukam will release either on October 19 or on 24 and the exact release date of the socio-fantasy film would be known in a couple of days.Damarukam is directed by Srinivas Reddy and produced by R R Movie makers. Anushka Shetty is playing the female lead while Charmee will be seen in an item number.Devi Sri Prasad has scored the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679665", "title": "Inter-state gang of fraudsters busted", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Thursday busted an interstate gang of fraudsters and arrested 6 people of Tamil Nadu . The gang was involved in a robbery by distracting the attention of the people. On September 27, on Krishna Jain was looted by robbers in Jawahar Circle when they diverted her attention on Rs 10 and Rs 20 notes lying outside her car. After the incident the Jaipur police constituted a team to investigate the matter. During the inquiry police found that people belonging to Servai caste from Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu are engaged in such kinds of robberies. After contacting Tamil Nadu police it emerged that some people from the area had come to Delhi and Jaipur recently. It also came to the notice of the police that some people from the region are camping at the Abu Road after which a team was sent to the site immediately . From the Abu Road railway station police were able to catch Ranga Swami (60), Jaikumar (34), Balraj (50), Rajaram (20), Mohammad Rafiq (25) and Vedivel (34). Accused Jaikumar was involved in more than 10 cases earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16679326", "title": "Rare albino cobra rescued", "text": "VADODARA: Adding to the vast presence of venomous and non-venomous snakes in the district, a rare albino cobra strayed into Vadodara on Thursday afternoon, after an adventurous journey reportedly from Tamil Nadu , before it was rescued by the forest department.The one and a half foot long, pink coloured, venomous snake was discovered in the wholesale grain market at Haathi Khana, Fatehpura, where it fell out of a truck full of coconuts which had recently arrived from Tamil Nadu. The casual labourers, who were offloading the coconuts, saw it slither under the seat of a motorcycle standing near the truck, where it stayed for the next one hour or so, till forest department rescue team opened up the seat to rescue it.\"It's an extremely rare kind of cobra, which has apparently travelled far from its original habitat, and is known to be quite aggressive, as compared to other types of cobras. We would be releasing it in Jambugoda forest reserve,\" said forest department official, Nitin Patel. The forester did not recall earlier sighting of this kind of cobra in the city and its surroundings. This cobra variety is known to avoid sunlight and hunts only at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16677635", "title": "RSS chief urges anti-corruption crusaders to resolve differences", "text": "RANCHI: Admitting that Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) activists are participating actively in every movement against corruption, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat appealed to the three parallel streams of ongoing anti-corruption crusade to come on one platform. Bhagwat was in Ranchi on Thursday to address a meet of the intellectuals at the CMPDI hall.\"RSS believes in nation building and is openly supporting every movement against corruption but our support is getting divided because of three distinct movements taking place at the same time,\" he said. Without taking names of Anna Hazare , Arwind Kejriwal and Baba Ramdev, Bhagwat said that RSS has spared at least two lakh swayam sevaks to participate in these movements. \"If these three crusaders come on one platform, our support will be intensified,\" he said.Before inviting questions from the audience, Bhagwat spoke about sangh for around fifteen minutes to clarify some of the common 'myths' in public. \"RSS is not a political party and has no links with BJP though there is no denying the fact that the number of swayam sevaks is more in BJP compared to other political parties,\" he said stressing that there are RSS activists in Telangana congress and Marxist parties in West Bengal as well.Responding to a query about RSS stand on construction of temple at Ayodhya Bhagwat, he said that the sangh was committed to construction of the temple but would go by the decisions of high-powered committee of the saints. \"We believe that the temple would be constructed after proper legislation is introduced and a consensus is achieved and for that Sangh is in no hurry,\" he added. Laying the blame on political parties for politicising the issue and dividing society, Bhagwat said that the differences could be resolved by intervention of intellectuals and mutual dialogue. He appealed to the common people to get associated with Sangh for two years of their life for having an opinion. \"No one could be explained the taste of sugar unless he or she tastes it and there is no bondage in Sangh. One is free to come and go so I would appeal to everyone to understand the nationalist ideology instead of believing on myths,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677002", "title": "Grand farewell for High Court chief justice", "text": "KOLKATA: The bench and bar of Calcutta high court bade farewell to Chief Justice J N Patel on his retirement on Thursday.He served as the Chief Justice of Calcutta high court since June 26, 2010. During his tenure, Justice Patel delivered significant judgments, including the one on the Netai killings. The court ordered a CBI inquiry into the January 7, 2011 killings.Another order by a division bench presided over by Justice Patel stayed the state government's directive to pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation to the next of kin of each victim of last December's hooch tragedy in South 24-Parganas.The Calcutta High Court Bar Association felicitated the outgoing Chief Justice at a packed auditorium in the high court building during the day. Justice Kalyanjyoti Sengupta, state advocate general Anindya Mitra, the bar association's vice-president Himanshu Dey and its secretary Bhaskar Baidya were present on the dais during the felicitation.At 3.30pm, the high court officially bade the Chief Justice farewell. All high court judges and the High Court Bar Association vice president,state advocate general and additional solicitor general Farook M Rezzak were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16678700", "title": "Woman booked for daughter\u2019s poisoning", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two days after the death of Ameesha Garg, 10, due to poisoning, the district police have booked her mother Reena Garg on murder charges on Thursday and registered an \"attempt to commit suicide\" case against her at Sector-5 police station. The woman is being treated at the PGI and her condition is said to be stable.Reena and her daughter Ameesha were found unconscious at their house in Sector 8 and were rushed to General Hospital , Sector 6, on October 2. Ameesha was declared brought dead and Reena, who was unconscious, was referred to PGI. Sources said Reena was booked following evidences collected from the house and medical reports. Police have recovered an empty bottle of pesticide. Reena's husband Mohit Garg had also reportedly committed suicide after consuming poison, around three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16675981", "title": "Seedings at Nationals baffle former shuttlers", "text": "SRINAGAR: Several former players slammed the organizers for seedings given in the individual events. The top seed in the women's singles, Neha Pandit is ranked around 100 in the BWF rankings.Last year's winner PV Sindhu, who is ranked world No. 20, was surprisingly billed third. Arundhati Pantawane, who is India's No. 3 player in the world rankings and finalist of the Rohtak nationals, was unseeded. Sayali Gokhale, who is not in the top-150, was seeded second.However, Sayali emerged the singles champion.The situation is similar in the men's category. India's top two players - P Kashyap and Ajay Jayaram - were unseeded in the tournament.\"It is absolutely wrong on the part of BAI if they don't consider the BWF rankings while making the seedings for the nationals. Players like Kashyap, Ajay, Sindhu have been representing India in the Super Series and other major international tournaments so they don't get time to participate in the national ranking meets. What will happen if Saina Nehwal opts to play in the nationals? Will you not give her a seeding?\" asks Vimal Kumar.Former India international Uday Pawar supported Vimal Kumar's views and suggested a committee which should consider the players' performance in the international tournaments.\"It is ridiculous if BAI ignores the impressive world rankings of players like Sindhu, Kashyap and Ajay. The BAI should give due importance to national-level players but they should also protect the rankings of the players who regularly participate in BWF tournaments. The BAI should form a panel which will do the balancing act,\" said Uday Pawar.The national association defends their seedings' process and asks players to participate in the All India ranking tournaments.\"Now-a-days, before any tournament, we feed the points earned by the players in the computer and it makes a draw. We don't have any control over it. If top players don't participate in the national-level tournaments, they will obviously not get any points and therefore affect their seedings. As far as we are concerned we are right, players can't blame us,\" explained BAI secretary (events) Ponaiah Chaudhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16678984", "title": "Hockey tourney sees a splendid start at PAU", "text": "LUDHIANA: All India Guru Gobind Singh Hockey Tournament started on Thursday at Olympian Pirthipal Singh Hockey Stadium at Punjab Agricultural University on Thursday. Two matches were played on the first day. Jarkhar Hockey Academy beat Kila Raipur Hockey Academy by a score of 5-0 and the team with five Olympians - Indian oil, New Delhi - beat the Border Security Force team by 6-1.The tournament has been organized after a gap of two years since the stadium was being renovated with the sports department laying a blue and pink surface instead of the traditional green.Chairman of the organizing committee H S Bhullar and social activist S P Oberoi inaugurated the tournament.Praising the teams, a BRS Nagar resident Rajinder Singh said he is a hardcore hockey fan and never missed the tournament. \"I have seen Indian hockey of the 70s and 80s. Indian players are very talented. The country needs to promote the game further,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675680", "title": "Breast cancer rampant in young women", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around one lakh women in the country are newly diagnosed with breast cancer every year. The disease has overtaken cervical cancer to become the leading cause of death among women in metropolitan cities. Speaking at a press conference held here on Thursday to mark the beginning of the international breast cancer awareness month, representatives of a city based breast cancer foundation said that the number of women being diagnosed with the condition in the city is on the rise and in much younger age groups than in other countries. Speakers also stressed on the need to spread awareness about early detection and to develop a breast cancer registry in the region.\"Women falling prey to breast cancer here are getting younger with each passing year. While in western countries most women diagnosed with the condition are over 40 years of age, here it comprises more and more women in their 30's and 20's too,\" said Dr P Raghuram, director of Ushalakhsmi Breast Cancer Foundation.The foundation, along with the US Consulate General, will hold a 'Pink Ribbon' campaign, including the pink ribbon walk to be held on October 7, Sunday which is expected to be attended by many breast cancer survivors and their families along with celebrities like John Abraham and VVS Laxman. Also, prominent structures like Charminar, Buddha statue, US Consulate and HPS Begumpet will be illuminated in pink on Sunday to mark the day.Dr Raghuram said there was a need for a robust breast cancer registry in Hyderabad to track the exact increase in the number of cases detected here. \"We are trying to work with the state government in order to develop a registry here which will record all breast cancer cases diagnosed in the coming years,\" he said.In an attempt to ensure early detection, the foundation has trained 1,200 healthcare workers to perform clinical breast examination (CBE) on 50,000 underprivileged women in nine mandals of Hyderabad district. According to experts, the best way to detect breast cancer is screening mammography, which is most efficient on women more than 40 years of age, and detects it at the earliest stage. However, 95% of Indian women cannot afford it; therefore the CBE is the best option which also detects cancer at as early as 2 cm, which the current national average is 5 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679480", "title": "Futuristic tech comes alive in this lab at MITE", "text": "Mangalore: Engineering students very often don't get the needed exposure to latest technology due to non-availability of the software or equipment. At the Mangalore Institute of Technology and Engineering (MITE), a unit of Rajalaxmi Education Trust, students get hands-on experience in hydraulics, pneumatics, sensorics, PLCs, robotics and mechatronics in their state-of-the art laboratories. MITE in collaboration with Bosch Rexroth set up the Regional Centre of Competence in Automation Technology (RCCAT) a year ago at its premises in Moodbidri, 40 km from the city. MITE has been training students on mechatronics, robotics and other automation subjects with the latest technology in RCCAT. Bosch has set up RCCAT in 15 colleges across the country, of which four are in the state. MITE is the only college to have RCCAT in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. Rajesh Chowta S, president, Rajalaxmi Education Trust, told TOI that RCCAT was set-up at a cost of Rs 5.4 crore, of which 80 percent has been funded by Bosch and remaining 20 percent by MITE. Training on various automation subjects in this centre is not restricted just to students of MITE, but engineering and diploma students and teaching faculties of different colleges and professionals, who are presently working in industries in the region, he added. MITE and Bosch Rexroth Drive and Control Academy vice-president R S Rajkumar says this centre will bridge the gap between formal education and the demand of industries. It takes about two years to groom students on the latest technology and machineries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675356", "title": "Bio-safety first trade model urged for India", "text": "HYDERABAD: India could be celebrating its role as the CoP-11 host and basking in glory for now holding the chair of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) for the next two years but environmentalists in the country find little to rejoice at this 'achievement' and say that they see no point in India even participating in the meet. Considering how the 'big daddies' of biotechnology are not party to CBD but are India's primary trade partners, experts feel that the deliberations at the global meet are unlikely to yield any fruitful results.And not just the CBD, experts pointed out how other previous bio-safety agreements, too, have been conveniently ignored by these trade partners of India. While the USA, which brought Monsanto to India, tops this list, others like Canada, Australia and Argentina, too, share space on the same.Be it the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (signed in 2001), aimed at eliminating or restricting the production and use of persistent organic pollutants, or the Rotterdam Convention (adopted first in 1998) on the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for certain hazardous chemicals and pesticides in international trade , these countries have not given their consent to any of the above. While most have signed the treaties and even made tall claims about honouring them, they are still far from ratifying these safeguards drawn up at global conventions.\"It is detrimental to India's interest to enter into trade relations with countries that do not want to adhere to global regimes. If it does so, without these nations agreeing to bio-safety protocols, it is us who will be at a loss tomorrow,\" argued Sridhar Radhakrishnan, convener of a national coalition for a GM-Free India. From being 'dumped' with poor quality genetically modified organisms (GMOs) from these trade partners to being forced to buy processed products that do not meet safety parameters, the experts made it clear that there was much to be worried about. And while any collaboration with US seems to be creating the greatest apprehensions, business with countries like Argentina, too, isn't being well received by researchers. \"India is now negotiating a bilateral free trade agreement on biotechnology with Argentina. In such a scenario, it is important that the partner country adopts all global safety regimes,\" said a legal expert participating in the ongoing CoP-11.Fingers have also been pointed at India for its poor compliance with CBD, and experts have roundly condemned those nations which were taking part in policy-making discussions despite failing to adhere to environmental conventions. \"The US has no regulation in GMOs. Why is it then being allowed to sit in on the deliberations,\" questioned Aruna Rodrigues, the lead petitioner in a public interest litigation filed in the Supreme Court on GMOs in early 2005, expressing serious doubt over Indo-US trade relations in the future.But environmentalists maintained that all was not lost and stressed on the need for the Hyderabad chapter of CoP to be aimed at strengthening global bio-safety rules and pushing nations to implement these rules while engaging in bilateral trade.\"These countries, especially the US, are global bullies. And that's the problem facing all conventions, right from those on biodiversity to those on climate change. But we still have to keep trying,\" said Sunita Narain, director general, Centre for Science and Environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16677890", "title": "Work on phase I of Tipu Road may soon begin", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malabar's dream project, a coast-hugging highway, is all set to materialize with the state government allocating Rs 117.62 crore for the first phase of the project, the Ponnani-Vengalam Highway.This road is expected to transform the development fortunes of a string of coastal towns and picturesque beaches in Malabar apart from enhancing the state's logistic connectivity.It would cut short the travel distance between Kozhikode and Kochi by 30 km.The roads and bridges development corporation of Kerala limited (RBDCK), which will implement the project, intends to start the preliminary work on it in a week's time.The project would basically involve developing the Tipu Sultan Road built by the ruler of Mysore in the latter half of the 18th century.The 25-metre wide road has, over the centuries, been reduced to 5-8 metres at many places, and has been totally taken over by encroachers in several stretches.The first phase of the project would involve building a two-lane 9.4-km road from Asanpadi, in Ponnani, to Cheeran Kadappuram in south Tanur.According to RBDCK estimates, acquiring land (10.6 hectare) for the first phase of the road would cost Rs 83 crore. And construction would cost Rs 34.6 crore.This road would follow the alignment proposed by the survey conducted by RITES in 2003. The 55-km highway will be completed in five stretches and would involve an expenditure of Rs 1,500 crore under current estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16679578", "title": "Paras Ram gets bail in Bhanwari murder case", "text": "JODHPUR: Paras Ram Bishnoi , an accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, was granted bail on Thursday. The court discharged him of all charges framed by the CBI and charged him only with section 202 of IPC, which is a bailable offence. Another accused, Om Prakash Bishnoi, was also granted bail, with the court charging him with section 201 of Indian Penal Code. The ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court, after completion of the arguments on the chargesheet , framed the charges against all the accused on Thursday. Based upon the arguments by Hemant Nahata and Sunil Joshi, the counsel of Paras Ram Bishnoi, who argued in the court that he had no role in the crime. P Ram framed by CBI, says counselJodhpur: Based upon the arguments by Hemant Nahata and Sunil Joshi, the counsel of Paras Ram Bishnoi, who argued in the court that he had no role in the crime and had been framed by the CBI only on the grounds of being the brother of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, one of the main accused, the magistrate Girish Kumar Sharma discharged him from all the charges except section 202 of IPC \u2014 intentional omission of information . His counsel immediately moved an application for bail, which the court granted. Similarly, the court also removed all the charges by CBI against Om Prakash Bishnoi, alleged member of the Bishna Ram gang, and charged him with section 201. Apart from these, the court retained the charges on the remaining accused, except Amarchand, who has been charged with sections 120 (B) and 364 of IPC. \"The court will now read out he charges against Maderna and Malkhan on 15 October on account of their absence from the court on Thursday and that will be followed by the trial, in which the court will call the evidences\" , told Special Senior Counsel for CBI Ashok Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676620", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines staffer not paid for 6 months, wife kills herself", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crisis at Kingfisher Airlines claimed its first victim when the wife of a technical officer committed suicide on Thursday afternoon, leaving behind a note that said the family was in deep financial distress as her husband had not received his salary for six months.Sushmita Chakroborty, 45, was found hanging from a room at her residence in DDA flats at Manglapuri near Palam. Police said they had recovered a half-page suicide note written in Bangla in which she mentioned their financial problems and her fear that her husband, Manas Chakroborty, would lose his job.She wrote that her husband and 18-year-old son were very caring and that she loved them. But she could not deal with the family's situation, the note added. Addional CP (southwest), A K Ojha, confirmed the contents of the note.Pilot retired from Air Force to join Kingfisher AirlinesManas Chakroborty, whose wife Sushmita hanged herself at their residence in DDA flats at Manglapuri near Palam on Thursday, had retired from the Air Force to join Kingfisher. The couple's only son is studying engineering in Assam, police said.The suicide came to light around 1.15pm, after the woman did not pick up the telephone or respond to the doorbell. Police received a call at 1.25pm from one of the neighbours about the incident. \"Manas was in office and had called up Sushmita around 1pm. When she didn't answer, he asked one of the neighbours to check on her,\" said a senior police officer.After she did not answer the doorbell, Manas reached home and entered the house through the balcony door. \"When he peeped through the window, he found her hanging from the ceiling fan with a dhoti,\" the officer said. Sushmita also said in the suicide note that she had made several mistakes in the past for which her husband had forgiven her. \"(But) I am unable to deal with things now and I'm committing suicide,\" the note said. The woman was rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay hospital where she was declared brought dead. Her body has been sent for post mortem.Manas is believed to have told the police that Sushmita was depressed for over a year. The couple's son has not been informed about the suicide.Police are investigating the case and taking down statements of family members. They have ruled out any foul play and inquest proceedings have been initiated in the matter under section 174 CrPC.\"They were a simple family, and lived together very happily. They were social and friendly with all neighbours. Sushmita herself was very pleasant and did not get into fights or arguments with anybody. They were very active during Durga Puja, and would collect money for the festival that is celebrated in the neighbourhood park. Their son was also supposed to come during the Puja,\" said a neighbour.\"They were definitely under financial strain, and it was a struggle even to send their son to study,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "the department of zoology, cmp college is organising a ugc, icmr drdo and cst-up sponsored seminar on \"advanced biology", "code": "16677370", "title": "CMP College to organise a UGC, ICMR DRDO and CST-UP sponsored seminar on \"Advanced biology", "text": "The department of Zoology, CMP College is organising a UGC, ICMR DRDO and CST-UP sponsored seminar on \"Advanced biology: Emerging trends in biological galaxy\" on October 6 and 7. The seminar will cover three main themes -- functional genomics-Challenges and prospects, Smart Material: Futuristic Application based on nanotechnology and environmental issues and challenges. Vice-chancellor, CSJM University, Kanpur, Prof A Kumar will be the chief guest.Function: Inaugural function of the national conference on \"Advances in mathematical sciences\" will be held at the Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology on October 5. Prof Satya Deo Tripathi of HRI, Allahabad, will be the chief guest.Award: Damodarshree National Award for excellence was organised by the Saraswat Khatri Pathshala Society at SS Khanna Girls Degree College. For this competition, 267 students from various parts of India sent their paper on the topic \"Education for the making of a complete individual\". Eleven best participants were selected by the renowned academicians to present their papers on the occasion. The programme was conducted in two sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "16678156", "title": "Suspected dengue cases in Samastipur", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Suspected dengue has hit some areas of Samastipur district affecting over two dozen people including children.Matin Ashraf, a native of village Mathurapur under Warisnagar PS area said his 10-year-old daughter Moniba Maria was declared positive for dengue a few days ago as her platelet count had come down. She was taken to Darbhanga and there too dengue was confirmed. He said the two children of his brother were also diagnosed positive for dengue two days ago and they were under treatment of a local doctor. He added that a number of persons including Naz, Adil Mushtaque,Rohit Kumar,Yasmin Praveen, Ahmed Hussain, Shafiqur Hasnain and Firoz were affected by the disease in his locality but no official either from civic body or hospital ever visited the area.Besides Mathurapur, Kashipur, Bahadurpur, Mohanpur,Dharampur, Chaknur and Barapathar are the other dengue affected areas.Dr Anand Kumar, a physician, said that 7 to 10 dengue positive patients are under his treatment. He said the disease is caused by stagnant water at small spaces like water coolers, pits, old bucket etc. Some children are under treatment of leading child specialists of the town.Denying the report of spread of dengue in the district, Samastipur civil surgeon Dr Anil Kumar Choudhry said that it is a rumor and no case of dengue had been detected in the state. He added there was a suspected case of dengue and the confirmation report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682767", "title": "After Mithun, Hrithik next Disco Dancer: Bappi Da", "text": "Bappi Lahiri's love for music and gold make him a unique music composer and singer. He's rightly called the King of Disco and he's given more hits than one can remember. He recently sang the chartbusting number Ooh La La from The Dirty Picture that went on to become a sensation! Now he dons the avatar of a judge for the 2nd edition of Mirchi Mix, presented by Radio Mirchi and Kingfisher Strong Power Soda. Bappi Da along with DJ Akhil Talreja will be judging the contest and from the short listed candidates, he will pick the top 5. Bappi Lahiri on the competition, Mithun, his music and his penchant for Gold!On Mirchi Mix Well this is the second edition and I suggested DJ Akhil's name. He will audition 100 DJs. The focus will be on disco songs but there will also be remixes of popular numbers including Ek Aankh Maru To Chori Pat Jaye from the movie Taufa . The focus will mainly be on melody.On Mithun Chakraborty Mithun and I go a long way. He's he best there can be. There's no one like Mithun Chakraborty. I did the title song for his Bengali film Le Halwa Le and the song is a big hit! I also did Spaghetti 24/7 which had Mithun and his son Mimoh in it. So it's always been a pleasure working with thee disco dancer of Bollywood.On the music of today Today's music has a short shelf life and is barely remembered after three months. That's because of the generation. The songs of our time focused on melody and my songs had the 80's flavour that's why they're sung till date. The song Ke Pag Ghunghroo Bandh Meera is remembered till date.On the success of Ooh La La from The Dirty Picture I did an Ooh La La tour and took it to countries like Sydney , Melbourne , Malaysia and USA and it was a huge success! People simply love the song and it definitely added to the film's appeal. I'm now composing the music of Himmatwala that stars Ajay Devgn.On item Numbers I don't know really. They are all just remixes. If you see item songs like Chikni Chameli or Halkat Jawani , they are becoming bit monotonous. But that's my opinion purely! I've composed a beautiful Punjabi folk song for Priyanka Chopra called Kala Doriya for her upcoming film. I've given my own take to this Punjabi folk song.On his love for gold That's become my identity now. I'm called bling bling Bappi.On the next generation Disco dancer from Bollywood After Mithun Da, there can be only one person from today's young generation of actors and that person is Hrithik Roshan . He's simply fantastic!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677722", "title": "Nikon opens first centre in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Terming as baseless the popular perception that smart phones with high mega pixels pose a threat to the camera industry, Nikon India managing director Hiroshi Takashima on Thursday pointed out that camera phones are only widening the customer base for camera manufacturers by luring more people into photography. He was talking to media persons after inaugurating an authorised service centre (ASC) of the company in Coimbatore.India is emerging as a key market for us. Among the Indian states, Tamil Nadu is a vibrant market for photography materials and the scope in the future is looking good. Normally, the company has only one service centre in a state. Because of the huge demand, we decided to open the second centre in Coimbatore. We already have one in Chennai,'' he said.According to him, the company had sold around 1.7 lakh camera units in the country during the last fiscal. This year we estimate the number to be 2.5 lakh units, he said. Among the different products, digital single-lens reflex cameras (DSLR) are very popular across the country, he said. \"DSLR cameras are no more a monopoly of professionals. Many students and amateurs are opting for it too,'' he said. Hiroshi said Nikon will open a new photography school in the state very soon. This will help evolve future talent in the field.Considering the rise in demand for photography products, the company will invest around Rs 150 crore in its expansion activities this year.We have been doubling our revenue every year since 2007 when we entered the Indian market. In 2011-12, our total sales was 3.2 million units. The growth rate for the digital compact camera was 33 per cent. We expect the growth to be 25-30% next year,'' he said with confidence.Regarding high-end cameras, we sold 1.7 lakh SLRs last year (1 lakh in 2010-11). Though this category is small it is growing very rapidly. We are expecting this segment to grow by 50% next year. We are number 1 in this category and we expect to maintain our position,'' he said.At present we have 130 staff in three offices in Mumbai, Kolkata and Bangalore. We have 30 distributors across the country. We consider service to be very important . We have 22 service outlets across India. In addition, we have 50 collection centers mainly in tier 2 and tier 3 to cater to our customers there,'' he added.When asked about competition in Indian market, he said Nikon has already reinstated its commitment to the Indian market and its interest in promoting the photography culture in the country. I am confident that we will scale up our presence across India rapidly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16677369", "title": "Bank forces small farmers into fixed deposit trap", "text": "Midnapore: Farmers in Daspur village of West Midnapore had grudgingly accepted the \"extortion\" till Sayera Bibi put her foot down.The middle-aged woman walked out of the local Punjab National Bank branch refusing to take Kishan Credit at the bank's whims. Her grouse has reached up to the level of chief minister Mamata Banerjee who had urged all the farmers to apply for the Kishan Credit Card during her district tour.\"The bank officer told me to withdraw the sanctioned Rs 50,000 loan on condition that I keep Rs 14,000 in fixed deposit and buy an life insurance policy of Rs 6,000. How should I keep such a huge amount in the bank?\" said Sayera Bibi after refusing to withdraw the sanctioned amount from PNB branch at Gour Gobindanagar under Daspur-Nandanpur gram panchayat I.Within days of her refusing the money on September 29, as many as 45 farmers in two groups - one 30 and another 15 - made a formal complaint to the West Midnapore district magistrate and also wrote to Mamata Banerjee.The Kishan Credit Scheme, however, does not have any such stipulation. A look at the policy makes it clear that the Centre wants banks to limit short term cash credit should be fixedbased on the cropping pattern and the amounts for crop production, repairs and maintenance of farm assets and consumption.Banks sanction the loan after proper inquiry of the land assets of the loan applicant. However, the policy allows banks to take suitable collateral as per their policy \"where the card limit/liability so arrived warrants additional security\". But this clause doesn't apply for a flexible loan (Flexi KCC) between Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000 meant for marginal farmers.Sayera is not alone. Her neighbour Israful Sheikh bought an insurance policy of Rs 20,000 from the sanctioned bank loan and went home with the remaining Rs 30,000.\"What do I do? I have no choice. The sum doesn't suffice to take care of the rising input costs, including diesel for running pumpsets,\" Shiekh said. So did Imran Ali and Anabul Hossain. Imran bought an insurance for Rs 18,000, while Anabul was asked to buy a Rs 20,000 insurance policy, possibly as collateral.Prodded by West Midnapore district magistrate, district manager of the lead bank (UBI) Samarendra Sannigrahi held a district-level meeting on Thursday to take stock of the progress of kishan credit cards and the problems farmers are facing.Sayera's complaint came up in the meet following which Sannigrahi has sought an explanation from the particular PNB branch.Additional district magistrate (development), Arindam Datta, held that banks can't force farmers to keep a part of the loan amount in fixed deposits or other schemes. \"The bank can't take back the money sanctioned for the individual farmer,\" Datta said.PNB Midnapore circle head Virendra Kumar Kaushik said: \"We will take up the complaints with Manas Pathak, the business facilitator at the bank branch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679155", "title": "12 test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: As many as 12 people tested positive for swine flu on Thursday. Of them, the condition of a 25-year-old woman from Purandar taluka is said to be critical. Eight of the patients are from rural parts of Pune.\"The woman has been put on a ventilator support at the isolation intensive care unit at Bharati Hospital. She delayed seeking medical advice soon after developing the symptoms,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The woman developed symptoms such as cough and fever from September 29 and breathlessness from September 30. Her throat swab tested positive for swine flu on October 4. She also suffers from diabetes. Of the remaining infected patients, eight are women and three are men, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678983", "title": "Supreme Court backs existing system to price essential drugs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court has suggested a cost-based mechanism for capping the prices of essential drugs. This is in direct contrast to the pharma policy - using the market-based mechanism - cleared by the Group of Ministers on September 27 for regulating prices of 348 essential drugs.The court, in its interim order, endorsed the cost-plus formula, which would help bring down prices of essential drugs while increasing the revenue impact to an estimated 10% or around Rs 6,800 crore of the overall pharma market.The cost-based mechanism has long been advocated by several health groups, including AIDAN, the petitioner in the ongoing case in the court, all of whom are opposed to the government's market-based pricing policy cleared last week. The Supreme Court's interpretation will serve as an important pointer for the government in formulating the national pharma policy.\"The order, if interpreted as cost-plus pricing of all 348 drugs, is good for the patients - if implemented with sensitivity to all the stake holders,\" S Srinivasan of Low Cost Standard Therapeutics (LOCOST), a co-petitioner in the case, told TOI.Health groups have always opposed the market-based pricing mechanism as they feel that it would legitimize high pricing of popular brands, and hence lead to an increase in prices.The cost-based mechanism will lead to a revenue loss of around Rs 6,800 crore, or 10% of the Rs 68,000 crore market, according to market research firm AIOCD AWACS, based on certain assumptions. Among the most impacted will be Cipla , Glaxo, Zydus, Dr Reddy's and Abbott. The scope of the NLEM is around Rs 12,300 crore.While adjourning the case on Wednesday, the Supreme Court asked the government not to alter the existing pricing system of essential drugs. The next hearing on the case is scheduled for October 10. The government has a week's time to submit its reply to the court regarding the proposed price control regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16677078", "title": "Mistaken identity lands man in jail", "text": "CUTTACK: An innocent man was jailed for more than a month just because he shared his name with a notorious criminal. On Thursday, the Orissa High Court came to the rescue of victim, Bijay Kumar Guin (38), and ordered his immediate release.According to the case details, Bijay Kumar Guin (42) of Niali was involved in house-breaking and theft within Gop police limits and was arrested in 1990. He was released on bail after a few months. But during the case hearing he did not appear in court. Irked, the trial court (JMFC Nimapada) issued an NBW against Bijay for not appearing in court.But police nabbed the innocent Bijay Kumar Guin, who is also a resident of Niali, on August 28, 2012 and produced him in court. The arrested man said he was not the person against whom the court had issued NBW, but no one paid heed. Later Bijay, who works as a tent supplier in Niali, filed a writ petition in the high court to get justice.Adjudicating his petition, Justice I Mahanty called for records of the lower courts, tallied the father's name of the both the persons and their signatures and reached the conclusion that the arrested person was innocent and the real culprit was someone else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677296", "title": "Cop found dead on railway tracks", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sub-inspector was found dead on the railway tracks near the Welcome area in northeast Delhi. Ruling out the possibility of foul play, additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia said that police are yet to find out whether his death was an accident or a case of suicide. The cop was posted at the Krishna Nagar police station in east Delhi.Police said that the cop, Rohit Kumar Srivastava (29), was on leave since September 11. \"Srivastava had been undergoing treatment for depression. We have recovered the prescription of a doctor based in Vivek Vihar which states that the cop was suicidal,\" said a police officer. Srivastava's family refused to comment on the incident saying that his wife, who is pregnant, is under severe stress.Police sources said they were investigating how Srivastava managed to reach the railway tracks. \"He had left the house early to go to Seelampur police post which falls under the Krishna Nagar police station. He came back for a while around 6pm. Around one hour later, he stepped out again but didn't return. We believe he died anywhere between 8.30pm and 9pm,\" said a police officer. The body has been handed over to the family and a probe has been launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16679285", "title": "Special teams to monitor poll expense, campaign", "text": "VADODARA: Candidates contesting from 13 assembly seats in Vadodara in December this year will be under close scrutiny of the special teams formed for monitoring the poll expenditure. The district collector has formed 13 teams for monitoring expenditure by political parties and candidates. As the poll dates have been announced, the election code of conduct has come into effect from Wednesday. The administration has already begun exercise of implementing the code of conduct strictly in all the assembly segments.\"It is for the first time that we have formed special teams for conducting video surveillance in all the 13 assembly segments. The teams will videograph everything including the campaigning. If they find any anomalies, they will report to the authority concerned,\" said district collector Vinod Rao. He said the election officers have begun the exercise of removing banners, posters and any such material from government offices and public places.The administration has identified five assembly seats as sensitive in terms of election expenditure. \"Manjalpur and Sayajigunj in city and Padra, Waghodia and Dabhoi in rural have been identified as sensitive. We will put special focus on these segments. We will post two flying squads at these five assembly seats and one squad at other seats,\" Rao said. He, though, refused to divulge the reasons behind selecting these five segments as sensitive.A total of 18 flying squads and 35 static surveillance teams will be posted in the assembly segments. Income tax officers will also be involved in the monitoring exercise. All the public gatherings and addresses by politicians will also be videographed. A control room will also be set up by the administration where people can complain against flouting of election code of conduct. A state-level committee will be formed to monitor the menace of paid news.\"In Gujarat, a candidate has been given permission to spend Rs 16 lakh towards poll expenditure. Also, anyone found with cash of more than Rs 2.5 lakh will have to produce relevant documents to justify the amount. If they are not able to produce proper documents then the cash would be seized,\" Rao added.The administration will also attempt to increase the voting percentage in Vadodara by holding free, fair and participative elections. \"In 2007 assembly polls, only 58.6 per cent people voted in Vadodara of which 62 per cent were males and 56 per cent females. We want to increase the voting percentage by at least 10 to 12 per cent this time,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16677453", "title": "Counting of cranes to start in district", "text": "BAHRAICH: The forest department in association with turtle survival alliance (TSA) would start the beat wise counting of cranes in all the nine ranges of the district. For this operation the forest department has started identifying the natural habitats where the cranes are originally found.The cranes are given the status of state bird. The cranes are mostly found in Kannauj and Farrukhabad. Moreover they are found in large numbers in Katarniaghat of Bahraich as well.The Divisional forest officer(DFO) Wildlife RK Singh told that there are nine ranges of the forest department in the district and they all have been ordered to identify the natural habitats of cranes beat wise. To co-operate the forest department in the counting of cranes an NGO turtle survival alliance has also come forward.The deserted place where any river or lake flows has more possibilities of the presence of cranes there. Moreover the grassy areas and few places in terai belt also have the probability of cranes there.They are also seen on edges of the paddy field. It is always difficult to find out whether the crane is a male or female when they are in groups because the main difference between the male and female crane is that the male crane is taller and the female is the shorter and it is tough job to count unless one goes near the cranes.Crocodile hit by train: A crocodile was hit by a train and was seriously injured. His jaw was given 18 stitches. The crocodile would now be under supervision of the doctors of Dudhwa national park for 15 days.Reportedly an injured crocodile was found lying near the eastern railway crossing of Bichhiya railway station under Katarniaghat range on Tuesday morning.He was then taken to Dudhwa National Park by the team of forest department for the treatment. The divisional forest officer (DFO) RK Singh told that the specialist doctor treated the jaw of the crocodile by giving him 18 stitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677757", "title": "Coimbatore prays on World Animal Welfare Day", "text": "COIMBATORE: Special prayers for animals were held in various places of worship in the city on Thursday, on account of World Animal Welfare Day. Animal Rescuers, an animal lovers group formed by students in the city had offered prayers for the welfare of animals in 15 churches, temples and mosques.The day is actually one that was observed in remembrance of Saint Francis of Assisi. As Saint Francis is the patron saint for animals, it came to be known as World Animal Welfare Day. Prayers were offered to curb the man-animal conflict and cruelty towards animals.Joseph Reginald, a volunteer at the organisation said that they wanted to thank god for the services rendered by animals and also to sensitise people on issues related to animals especially the issue of cruelty towards animals. Most people they approached were enthusiastic to help \"Many of them did not even take money. They offered services free of cost,\" he said.Priests announced during morning Mass that it was a special mass dedicated to animals.Temples conducted special 'archanas', and in mosques imams' asked worshippers to pray for animals before the 'namaz.Volunteers offered flowers and coconuts at temples. Vinny Peter, another volunteer said that they were welcomed from all quarters. \"Everywhere people received us readily. They questioned us about the cause for animals, and came forward offer prayers without expecting anything in return. This was a learning experience for many,\" she said.Joseph Pragasam, the assistant parish priest of St. Francis of Assisi at Ganapathy said that in his 15-year career as an ordained priest, it was the first time that he was approached with such a request. \"It is heartening to know that there are people who care for the poor creatures. Some even came to bless their pets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678165", "title": "Now, Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission can publish Group-IV exam results", "text": "CHENNAI: More than six weeks after restraining the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) from publishing the results of Group-IV examinations, the Madras high court has vacated the stay.Justice S Nagamuthu vacated the interim order of injunction against the TNPSC on Thursday, thereby permitting it to publish the results. The statewide examination was conducted on July 7 to fill up 10,718 vacancies in the rank of junior assistant, bill collector and typist in various departments. More than 2 lakh candidates wrote the examination.Two candidates, M Chinnasamy and K Murugesan of Dharmapuri district, questioned the selection process, saying the booklets given to them was truncated, with more than 50 questions missing. The matter was reported to the hall supervisor who expressed helplessness. Chinnaswamy then wrote to the TNPSC, which too did not give any reply. In their writ petitions, filed later, they said that if the results were declared and all posts filled up, they would suffer irreparable loss. They wanted the court to restrain the TNPSC from declaring the results of the examination and direct it to conduct a fresh examination for them and other similarly affected candidates, if any.On August 17, the HC passed an order of injunction directing the TNPSC not to publish the results until further orders. The court said valuation of answer sheets and other proceedings may go on in the mean time.On Thursday, the TNPSC submitted that 13 candidates were affected by the defective question papers and that they were given an opportunity to write the examination again on September 27. Out of 13 candidates, nine including the petitioners, participated in the examination. After the counsel for the petitioners submitted that they had no further grievance, Justice Nagamuthu disposed of petitions by vacating the interim stay order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16679307", "title": "Banyan city set to board BRTS", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara may have missed the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) bus when even Rajkot hopped on to this mode of public transport recently.The BRTS that had been put in the cold storage since 2008 was revived during Sadbhavana Mission in the city attended by chief minister Narendra Modi. BRTS will operate on a 40 km route.After pre-feasibility studies showed that BRTS was possible for the city, Centre for Environment Planning and Technology (CEPT) was given a work order by Vadodara Municipal Corporation in May to prepare a detailed feasibility report for the project. CEPT is eyeing BRTS as a part of a larger Integrated Public Transport System (IPTS).The BRTS will cover a major part of the periphery of the city barring its nucleus that includes the old city areas. Topography surveys have also been done by CEPT along the route and reports of the same have been submitted to the VMC.VMC executive engineer (roads) Dhiren Talpada said CEPT is also in the process of conducting a household survey to identify the commuting needs of citizens in the city. \"The survey will identify the trend of commuting in the city, ownership of vehicles, present use of public transport and even the financial status of people,\" Talpada said. He added that this would be eventually used in deciding key aspects of the project when it takes off.Officials added that besides the BRTS network, the project would also look into feeder routes that will connect BRTS network to outskirts of the city. This will ensure that those travelling to the city for work alight at places from where they can get BRTS buses to reach to their destinations in the city.The micro transit network being planned inside the city will take care of transportation needs inside the city where BRTS is not accessible. It will also provide connectivity to BRTS network from the congested city areas.Officials said the entire 40 km route may not be taken up for work immediately. \"We will work in a phased manner taking up a section at a time. Work will also depend on the kind of funding that is available for the project,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16675699", "title": "Enforcement Directorate attaches Jagan's assets worth 51cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's troubles seem to be far from over. Months after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed four chargesheets against him, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday attached his properties worth Rs 51 crore in connection with a money laundering case.The properties attached belong to Jagati Publications and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, both owned by Jagan. Similar orders have been issued against two companies, Hetero Drugs Ltd and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd, which have invested in Jagan's companies. The total value of attached properties, which have been declared as proceeds of crime by the ED, is Rs 51 crore.This means Jagan will not be able to utilise any of these properties or their proceeds till the attachment order is in force. ED's investigations against Jagan are based on the CBI's case against the Kadapa MP where he is accused of doling out state largesse to companies in lieu of their investments in his own.According to CBI's chargesheets, the father-son duo indulged in a process of doling out public properties, licences, granting of projects, SEZs, mining leases, ports, and real estate permission to various companies in violation of norms. In return, these companies purchased shares in different companies floated by Jagan at unsubstantiated premiums. CBI has stated that this was done with a \"clear understanding of quid-pro-quo\" where Jagan received illegal gratification amounting to thousands of crores of rupees. CBI's chargesheets were filed against Jagan, his political advisor Vijay Sai Reddy , bureaucrats such as K Nityanand Reddy, P Sarath Chandra Reddy, B P Acharya, Y V Lakshmi Prasad, P S Chandramouli and M Srinivas Reddy, and companies such as Aurobindo Group, Hetero Group, Trident Life Sciences Ltd, Jagati Publications and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd.According to ED, investigations revealed that as a result of the criminal conspiracy, Hetero Drugs and Aurobindo Pharma were illegally benefited by Rs 8.6 crore each in the allotment of 75 acres of land to each of them by the state government. Trident Life Sciences Ltd was also illegally benefited by Rs 4.3 crore in the allotment of 30.33 acres.\"These allotments were done illegally by the state government at a lower rate than the rate fixed by the Price Fixation Committee. In lieu of this favour, a sum of Rs 14.50 crore was paid to Jagati Publications Ltd and Rs 15 crore was paid to Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd. These payments to the companies of Jaganmohan Reddy were made in the form of equity contribution which was in fact kickback for the favours done by the state government,\" an ED official said.Following investigation, the ED attached approximately 35 acres of land and fixed deposit of Rs 3 crore of Hetero Drugs Ltd, 96 acres of land belonging to APL Research Centre Ltd (100% subsidiary of Aurobindo Pharma Ltd) and fixed deposit of Rs 3 crore in the name of Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. More than13 acres of land owned by Janani Infrastructure and fixed deposits to the tune of Rs 14.50 crore of Jagati Publication have also been attached.Meanwhile, YSR CP honourary president Y S Vijayalakshmi on Thursday charged the TDP and Congress with hatching a conspiracy resulting in ED attaching Jagan's assets just a day before his bail petition was about to come up before the Supreme Court. Vijayamma called an emergency press conference and said TDP and Congress were behind the ED's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681758", "title": "Jeans that gives booty like Kim Kardashian", "text": "Women who have wished to have a derriere like Kim Kardashian can now fulfil their desire with the new Booster Fit jeans.The online clothing brand Apricot is selling the jeans that is made up of soft denim and fitted with discreet pouches on the inside of the bottom where foam padding can be inserted to give the user instantly enhanced curves, the Daily Mail reported.\"The booster fit jean have been engineered to give you the perfect behind. The light padding lifts and boosts the shape of your bum, while the secret padding creates a similar effect to a 'push-up' bra with removable pads,\"a spokesman for Apricot, said.\"If you can pad out your boobs them why not pad out your bum too? We noticed there was a gap in the market and wanted to create an affordable solution for girls wanting to lift and enhance their behind.\"The Bum Boosting jeans are designed to suit all shapes and sizes offering girls a pert bum in an instant. Who needs a bum lift when you have a jean that does it for you? The material used is high quality and stretchier than regular denim so it hugs all your curves. The overall effect is a very pert bum - The ultimate quick fix,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16678438", "title": "Candidates told to open new bank accounts", "text": "SHIMLA: After the announcement of date for assembly polls in Himachal Pradesh , Election Commission of India has now directed the contesting candidates to open a separate bank account a day before they file nomination papers. Process has been initiated with the purpose to monitor their poll expenditure.Chief electoral officer Narinder Chauhan said bankers would provide daily report on unusual and suspicious cash withdrawal or deposits of cash exceeding Rs 1 lakh by any individual. \"They would also report on unusual and suspicious real time gross settlement (RTGS) transfer of cash exceeding Rs 1 lakh,\" he added.He said the comprehensive instructions for the purpose of effective monitoring of expenditure by candidates had been issued which include formation of flying squad, video surveillance teams, and involvement of investigation directorates of income tax department.He said unusual or suspicious cash withdrawal or deposits by candidate, or spouse or their dependents, as per affidavit filed by the candidate would also reported by the bankers. Bankers would provide daily report on unusual and suspicious transactions in political party's account, including agent of the candidate. He said the information could be sent to district election officer (deputy commissioner) on unusual and suspicious transactions above Rs 10 lakh.Chauhan on Thursday presided over election expenditure monitoring meeting at Shimla in which representatives of various banks and post offices were present. He said account could be opened in candidate's name or as joint account with his election agent, but it could not be opened with any family member of the candidate or any other person. He said this account could be opened anywhere in the state in any of the branches of State Co-operative Bank or in post offices.He said contesting candidate should not use existing bank account for election purposes. He further added that the crossed account payee cheques would be issued by the candidate for any item of expenditure exceeding Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678276", "title": "HC makes guv respondent in PIL on BNMU", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Thursday issued directive to make the chancellor of the universities respondent in a PIL challenging his order to stay the senate meeting of B N Mandal University, Madhepura, which was scheduled to elect two senate members from teachers' constituency to the university syndicate.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh passed the order on a PIL of Sachchidanand Yadav.The petitioner's counsel, Rajendra Prasad Singh, submitted that under provisions of Bihar State Universities Act, the chancellor had no jurisdiction to stay the meeting to elect syndicate members from a senate-teacher constituency.PIL on waterlogging: The same bench directed the Danapur Nagar Parishad to solve the waterlogging problem in the colonies located on both sides of Bailey Road, from Rupaspur Mor to Saguna Mor, in Patna and file an action-taken report. The order was passed on a PIL of Nawal Kishore Upadhyaya. The judges observed that if waterlogging problem was not solved in the area, a lawyers' committee would be constituted to monitor the work to clear the water accumulated in these areas.Directive to SSC: A single bench of Justice P C Verma directed the Staff Selection Commission to delete 10 questions in re-evaluation of the paper for preliminary test (PT) for the posts of secretariat assistant and block supervisor as the commission had, in its counter-affidavit, admitted discrepancies. The petitioner, Suresh Paswan, a candidate for the post of secretariat assistant, submitted that there were discrepancies in 18 questions and at least 10 model answers were wrong. Three questions were incomplete, he submitted.The petitioner's counsel, Dinu Kumar and Arvind Sharma, challenged the commission for re-evaluating the answers during pendency of the writ petition. The petitioner sought CBI probe and holding of a fresh PT.Govt lawyers: The state government's standing counsel (SCs) and government pleaders (GPs) in the high court on Thursday were concerned over the state law department's decision to raise the fee of part-time clerks of the advocate general, Bihar, to Rs 7,500 per month which is higher than a retainer's fee (Rs 7,000) of the SCs and GPs. They were also angry over the raising of fee payable to the APPs to Rs 1,200 per case while the SCs and GPs were given only Rs 1,100 per case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676232", "title": "Uttar Pradesh's 'casual approach' behind high encephalitis deaths: NCPCR", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"Casual approach and red-tapism are the reasons behind encephalitis deaths in UP,\" concluded the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) after examining the measures taken by Uttar Pradesh government to save children from Japanese Encephalitis (JE) and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES) in eastern districts of the state. \"Whatever steps the government has taken, are nothing more than claims. Their plans have not moved an inch in the field. The commission feels that the approach has been quite casual on the count and is solely responsible for the death of the children. We will now review the progress on a quarterly basis,\" Yogesh Dube, member of NCPCR, who has been following encephalitis since October 2011 told TOI.Dube went for a field visit to Gorakhpur and Kushinagar in the mid of September to take stock of the situation in the districts, member Yogesh Dube had said that the UP government has failed to check deaths due to Japanese encephalitis and acute encephalitis syndrome. Annoyed over the situation, NCPCR issued summon to state government on September 18 and directed principal secretary health to appear before the commission and explain the measures taken by the government to check deaths due to JE and AES.Principal secretary health JP Sharma along with other officials faced the commission on Wednesday (October 3). The officials submitted an elaborate presentation containing the steps taken by the UP government to save children from untimely death on account of encephalitis. This included providing ventilators to district hospitals in all the 10 affected districts and Baba Raghav Das Medical College (BRDMC), plying special ambulance service in the affected areas, strengthening primary and community health centres in the affected districts among others.However, members of the NCPCR were dissatisfied over the measures taken. Dube told TOI, \"The situation has not changed an inch since the last season. We can see four children sharing a bed in BRD Medical College and ill-equipped health facilities even now. The government's hasn't done anything concrete.\" When asked to elaborate what he meant by a 'casual approach', he said, \"UP government submitted proposals worth several crores, but the union health ministry found only two of them viable. One of the two proposals that were cleared included providing ventilators to hospitals in the affected area. But forget ventilators reaching the hospitals, the government has not been able to finalise the tender for procurement of ventilators. I feel that the life of children is caught in red-tapism.\"He further said that after a field visit to encephalitis affected area in December last year, NCPCR gave 26 recommendations to tackle the situation. \"We stated that there was a need to strengthen the PHCs and CHCs, but that is yet to be done. Chlorination of water was recommended, but that is not taking place. Similarly, fogging was done only in the peak season and achieving 100% targets in routine immunisation and vaccination for encephalitis for JE are a far cry. All these things are suggestive of a casual approach to tackle the problem,\" he stated.Encephalitis toll 390 and countingThe death of seven more children at the BRD Medical College during the last 24 hours took the encephalitis toll to 390 on Thursday. The children who died belonged to Gonda, Basti, Gorakhpur, Siddharthanagar and Kushinagar. Additional director (health), Gorakhpur division, Dr Diwakar Prasad said that a total of 2,511 encephalitis cases surfaced this season of whom 390 have died. More than 75% of the cases were attended by BRD Medical College. According to status reports issued on Thursday, the medical college attended 1,880 patients of whom 363 have died. Presently, 237 patients are undergoing treatment in the medical college of whom 27 new cases were admitted in the 24 hour period starting at 2.00 pm on Wednesday and ending at the same time on Thursday. \"We have an average of one admission per hour and one death every three hours in the disease season,\" said a nurse on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679605", "title": "After high court rap, JMC on notice-issuing spree", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after High Court rap, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is busy issuing notices to the owners whose houses were built in the catchment area.A JMC team on Thursday reached Sushilpura area and issued at least 35 notices. The civic bodies are carrying out an anti-encroachment drive at the catchment area to widen it to 210 feet. A JMC official said, \"Notices to the houses situated in Shiv Colony and Shakambri colony were issued .\" Around 7km area of the nullah falls under the JMC periphery. More than 2,000 houses are within or near the catchment area of the nullah. On Wednesday, the court had came down heavily on JMC as no house was served with the notice in the last one month. Even, the JDA has geared up its machinery to issue notices to encroachers. A senior JDA official said, \"We have prepared a list of 40 houses in the catchment area. Notices will be issued to them on Friday .\"In the 48km stretch of the nullah, 39km falls in JDA periphery and out of these 170 encroachments have been removed. It was also admitted in court that around 800-1 ,000 houses are there in this region .Meanwhile, pillars erected by the JDA officials earlier to determine the centerline was uprooted by the residents. According to the reports, approximately 64 pillars in different zones were uprooted in three kilometre. An official source said, \"It is a serious problem that has occurred as it will be difficult to issue notices without having an idea of the centerline. Marking the line again is a tedious job.\" In zone 5 the residents have uprooted 47 pillars , while in zone 2, 10 pillars are uprooted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677097", "title": "Crimes against children up by 24%", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is fast earning itself the dubious distinction of being a country unsafe for its children with an alarming 24% increase in crimes against children in 2011 compared to the previous year. Nearly 33,100 cases were reported in 2011 against 26,694 cases during 2010.Uttar Pradesh accounted for 16.6% of total crimes against children in 2011, followed by Madhya Pradesh (13.2%), Delhi (12.8%), Maharashtra (10.2%), Bihar (6.7%) and Andhra Pradesh (6.7%).Maharashtra accounted for 74% of the total 27 cases of 'buying of girls for prostitution' while West Bengal accounted for 77% of the total 113 cases of 'selling of girls for prostitution'. The year 2011 also saw a 43% increase in cases of kidnapping and abduction, while cases of rape increased by 30%.UP and Delhi together accounted for 47.6% kidnapping and abduction of children while Madhya Pradesh, UP and Maharashtra together accounted for 44.5% of child rape cases in 2011.Foeticide cases increased by 19% over 2010 to 132 cases, of which the highest was registered from Madhya Pradesh, followed by Chhattisgarh and Punjab. These three states together reported 56% of the total foeticide cases registered in 2011.These are the findings of the latest 'Children in India 2012' report brought out by the ministry of statistics and programme implementation. The last time such a report on the state of India's children came out was in 2008.The report said, \"The analysis of crime and children as presented here, puts forward a few upsetting revelations about the child victims as well as child offenders, which points out to the vulnerable conditions of children that need to be addressed urgently especially poverty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16678140", "title": "Eye in the sky measures universe's expansion", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa has made the most precise measurement yet of the Hubble constant, the rate at which our universe is expanding.The Hubble constant is named after the astronomer Edwin P Hubble, who astonished the world in the 1920s by confirming our universe has been expanding since it exploded into being 13.7 billion years ago.In the late 1990s, astronomers discovered the expansion is accelerating , or speeding up over time. Determining the expansion rate is critical for understanding the age and size of the universe, Nasa said.Nasa's Spitzer Telescope took advantage of long-wavelength infrared light to make its new measurement. \"Spitzer is yet again doing science beyond what it was designed to do,\" said project scientist Michael Werner at Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Werner has worked on the mission since its early concept phase more than 30 years ago.\"First, Spitzer surprised us with its pioneering ability to study exoplanet atmospheres,\" said Werner, \"and now, in the mission's later years, it has become a valuable cosmology tool,\" said Werner.Dark energy is thought to be winning a battle against gravity, pulling the fabric of the universe apart, researchers said. \"This is a huge puzzle,\" said lead author Wendy Freedman of the Observatories of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Pasadena. \"It's exciting that we were able to use Spitzer to tackle fundamental problems in cosmology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677261", "title": "Allahabad high court issues contempt notice to Mathura dist judge, others", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court issued contempt notices to Mathura district judge Ram Avtar Kaushik, civil judge Amarjeet Singh, manager of the Bankey Bihariji temple Abhilash Singh, senior superintendent of police N Padamja and station house officer Ved Singh Yadav on the issue of barricading at the temple in Vrindavan in violation of the high court order passed on December 8, 2004.By the 2004 order, the high court had approved a map showing details of the temple premises and arrangements of darshan etc in the temple of Bankey Bihariji Maharaj, Vrindavan. The high court allowed variation only on festivals celebrated in the temple and directed the restoration of barricades as per the said map after the festivals.Rasik Raj and others filed contempt petition before the high court on the ground that the civil judge, with the approval of the district judge, Mathura, made changes in arrangements of darshan by putting new barricading in the temple courtyard, contrary to the map approved by the high court. Also, despite the knowledge of the order dated December 8, 2004, the district police authorities extended police help for such violation.The devotees of Bihariji temple have protested against the barricading which caused inconvenience to the devotees and one person lost life in last month in stampede.Justice Vikram Nath granted one month's time to the contemnors to comply the order dated December 8, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16678572", "title": "What\u2019s logic now for powercuts: Locals", "text": "KANPUR: With summer demand, monsoon faults, and festive season rostering no longer remaining valid excuses for the unscheduled and frequent powercuts in the city, residents are now wondering what justification KESCo has for depriving them of power for 10-12 hours every day.And that's despite the fact that residents have largely made peace with the official 6 to 8 hour powercuts. On Thursday, official rostering scheduled from 9.10 am to 11.10 am stretched on till 3 pm in areas like Machariya, Shankaracharya Nagar, Bajrang Chauraha, Koyla Nagar, Gopal Nagar, and Barra 2. Moreover, the second official rostering from 12.50 pm to 3 pm continued to 5 pm in Anwarganj, Rail Bazar, and Devki Nagar.While people boiled inside their houses, partly due to the 35 degrees Celsius temperature, partly due to anger towards the authorities, things like cold water became a luxury outside too because there was no power in the shops. Apart from the rostering, several localities in the city also suffered from low or fluctuating voltage.In addition, powercut during the night ensured that the residents spent a sleepless night. The locals of Shankaracharya Nagar alleged that KESCO authorities are biased towards 'posh' localities which get regular power supply. \"Half the houses get power supply from Shyam Nagar substation while the rest are connected with Delhi Sujanpur substation. The Shyam Nagar substation only conducts rostering for 5 to 7 hours a day, while those attached with Dehli Sujanpur substation reel under 10 to 12 hours of daily rostering. How fair is that?\" said Uday, a resident of Shankaracharya Nagar.Devki Nagar resident Komal asked as to why only a few areas seemed to be compensating for the power crisis. Meenu Dwivedi of Anwarganj said, \"We get electricity for just 8 to 10 hours in a day. The powercuts are long and it gets very difficult for us to bear the hot weather. And when there is electricity, the voltage is very low and air-conditioners and coolers do not work.\"Locals from Rail bazaar, Yashoda Nagar and Barra complained alleged that power supply does improve a every time they register a complaint, but things get back to square one a couple of days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680669", "title": "Charkey is out now", "text": "It's been a busy summer of shows and festivals for D-Sarb and his live band, which included the BBC London Mela main stage and 'Under The Stars' in Newham, which is why the timing for his new release sits perfectly alongside his forever growing portfolio of Bhangra hits.Apart from being nominated as 'Best Newcomer' for this year's Britasia Music Awards, D-Sarb has been filming the official 'Charkey' music video which includes cameo's from Jeeti, D-Boy and Suni Nox. Filmed around his hometown Oxford, the video is a vibrant cluster of different locations from his beloved town.Produced by the untouchable Jeeti, this collaboration was recorded early this year at Jeeti's Late Night Studios in Birmingham. The impact of the song was immediate and the record label Beatcircle decided for it to be D-Sarb's next single. It's a song about everyone getting together and cherishing the moment like it's one big party, a D-Sarb party 'Charkey' Style.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16679508", "title": "Lack of facilities at ESI hospital irks patients", "text": "Mangalore: The Employees State Insurance (ESI) Hospital in Mangalore, which was set up in 1979 to cater to employees of both private and government sectors, is plagued by lack of facilities and non-availability of doctors and other staff. Patients approaching the hospital have to face hard times as it has no ambulances, medicines or food, and many complain that they are made to wait endlessly to avail medical care. Moreover, poor patients, who depend on public transport system, are forced to walk nearly one kilometer to reach the hospital as there is no direct bus service. Akhila Bharatha Karmika Sangha (ABKS) vice-president GM Gadkar, said, \"While part time doctors and other staff ignore patients by not providing treatment on time, the government has neglected the hospital without supplying required equipment and facilities. We had organized several agitations and submitted memorandums to many ministers and officials, but their lackadaisical attitude continued,\" he said. He said that the Sangha, which was to launch a hunger strike from October 2, called it off after authorities assured them that they would rectify all problems within a month. \"At a meeting involving ABKS members, director of ESIS (medical) services, Dr Mehrunnisa had assured us that all our demands including appointment of permanent doctors, providing infrastructure, supplying required equipment and others will be fulfilled before November 9. She also had promised that a joint committee meeting will be held on the same day to review the progress. Hence, we have withdrawn the decision of holding a hunger strike. We will launch an indefinite protest if our demands are not met before November 9,\" he added. The hundred-bedded hospital located at Shivbagh in the city is supposed to provide free treatment to about 50,000 ESI card holders and 2.5 lakh family members. The hospital functions with only seven permanent doctors as against the sanctioned post of 28. Similarly, the government has only 64 staff including doctors, para-medical and other staff as against the total sanctioned post of 149. The directorate of ESIS (medical) services had appointed 12 doctors including specialists on part time basis to solve the issue of shortage of doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678069", "title": "MTC bus kills biker, injures 3", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-wheeler rider was crushed to death and four others were injured on Thursday morning when a Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus ran amok on busy Santhome High Road.Around 11.30am, police said, the bus on route 6A (Besant Nagar to Tollgate) had crossed the Santhome church when driver Sundarapandian lost control, possibly while trying to overtake a car, and the vehicle went on to hit three bikes. The driver leaned out, signalling frantically to other motorists to move away. A few abandoned their bikes and jumped on to the platform.Thulasi was not so lucky. The 46-year-old realtor from Vadapalani and his daughter Priya, 23, were going on a two-wheeler when the bus hit the vehicle. Thulasi came under its wheels and was crushed to death right in front of his daughter who sustained injuries to the head. The two were going to the Ashtalakshmi temple in Besant Nagar from the Madras high court, police said. Ambrose, 46, and his son Sathish, 23, of K V P Garden in R A Puram, who were going on their bike, and biker Veeraraghavan were also injured. The bus hit an electric pole and came to a halt.A crowd soon gathered around the bus and an ambulance of the 108 service was called. The 38 bus passengers were taken to the government general hospital. While the driver cited brake failure for the accident, angry locals, who staged a road roko, blamed it on rash driving.Santhosh, a biker who witnessed the accident said \"I abandoned my vehicle 20 meters away seeing the driver waving his right hand. But those in front of me did not notice the driver.\" Several others, who had managed to leap to safety, said the driver was going at a high speed on the narrow road, where several schools are situated. Thulasi's body was taken to government Royapettah Hospital for an autopsy. The condition of those injured is said to be stable.Later, the motor vehicles inspector who inspected the bus reportedly found that there was no brake failure and that the vehicle's condition was good, police said. The Adyar traffic investigation police registered case under IPC 279 (Rash driving or riding on a public way), 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and arrested the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678541", "title": "Paper puppets, humans stun with harmony", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The originality of Krafff, a subtle blend of puppet theatre and dance, left people applauding throughout the show at the auditorium of Delhi Public School (DPS) in Sector 40, Chandigarh. The imaginary world created by five artists from the French theatre group, Le Theatre de Romette, on stage with paper-made human figures left the audience thrilled with the imaginary world created in front of them.As the performance began five performers appeared on stage, with rolls of brown 'kraft' paper. From the long strips of paper that they folded, unfolded, crumpled, twisted and tied emerged a human-like effigy, a paper figure, slightly taller than the four comedians, who manipulate it right in front of the audience.The dancers and the puppets embark on an unusual 'pas de deux' (a dance involving a male and a female), which concretely tests on stage the question asked by Kleist (a German poet, dramatist, novelist and short story writer) \u2014 which, of the marionette body or the living human body, is the most gracious \u2014 in his famous philosophical short essay \"On the Marionette Theater\".In Krafff, each turns out to have its own advantages and its own limits, examined and revealed according to the movement possibilities explored (weightlessness, gravity, suppleness, tonicity, rotation and torsion).Here duet, there duel, this choreographic score actually is about how the flesh and blood body and that of the paper dancer expressing themselves. It is about the four bodies of artists dedicated to this unique body, giving shape and rhythmic impulse to its movements.The artists who performed were Yan Raballand, co-writer and dancer, Christophe Noel, actor, Isabelle Monier Esquis, actor, Maia Le Fourn, actor and Julien Geskof, actor. Justine Nahon is the manager. It was their first ever performance-cum-visit to India. After their performance here, they would move to Delhi and Bengaluru.The event was organized by Alliance Francaise in collaboration with DPS and CITCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677698", "title": "FDA seizes confectioneries worth 60L", "text": "NASHIK: The Food &amp; Drug Administration (FDA) on Wednesday raided the Vadivarhe-based Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd and confiscated sugar boiled confectionery products 'Mango Bite' worth Rs 60 lakh, which was being manufactured with the use of lactic acid that is prohibited under the food safety and standard act.Acting on information, a team of FDA officials raided the manufacturing unit of the Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd in Gonde in Igatpuri tehsil and inspected the products being manufactured. During inspection, the FDA team found that 'Mango Bite' was being manufactured with using lactic acid. which has been prohibited in the food products as per the Food Safety &amp; Standard Act 2006.The team confiscated all the manufactured products of Mango bites worth Rs 54 lakh and the storage of lactic acid worth Rs six lakh. Total good worth Rs. 60 lakh were confiscated from the company's manufacturing unit.The samples of Mangobites and lactic acids have been sent to the government laboratory for further testing and its report is awaited.In 2008, Parle had commissioned the state-of-the-art manufacturing unit at Vadivarhe, 22 kms from Nashik. The company manufactures cookies and confectionery, including toffees, candies, savouries and mints.The FDA team, which raided the company under the guidance of the joint commissioner (Food), FDA Chandrakant Pawar, and food safety officers Sulindra Kshirsagar, Vivek Patil, Nilesh Khose and Manish Sanap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "sanawar", "code": "16678289", "title": "School motto behind political history", "text": "SANAWAR: In school, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal \"had hockey sticks\" and loved playing pranks. \"Those were very good days, at Sanawar. We would bribe waiters with PT shoes just to have more food. Sanawar is the best school. There is a strong feeling of oneness here, despite (students having) rich or poor background, or following any religion,\" he said.\"We always felt shy while dancing and would make excuses, like leg pain, to escape dancing classes. Then we would be taken to the ground and 'had' (spanked with) hockey sticks for making excuses. Then we were made to dance again. But it was good fun,\" he said, smiling.In what was otherwise meant to be an academic speech, Sukhbir couldn't resist a dash of politics and began by saying, \"I have always criticized Congress in my speech and now I do not know what to speak.\"\"Our school's motto is 'Never give in' and I have always followed it in my life. Even in the last assembly elections in Punjab, I taught my party workers this motto. It helped us (SAD) make history in Punjab, where there is a change in party (in power) every five years,\" he said.'Tattoo' star attractionOne of the attractions at the founder's day of the Lawrence School was \"Tattoo\", a programme showcasing hues of different cultures and retro dance. Nearly 500 students participated in this event, which was assembled by special choreographers from Mumbai.Three generations of studentsThere are many proud families in India whose second generation is also studying at the Lawrence School. Most of these are from families of bureaucrats, defence officials and business tycoons. \"I passed out from here in the early 1960s. Then my two sons came to study here and now my granddaughter is a class XII students at Sanawar. The school's tradition runs in our family blood and I'm proud of it,\" claimed Mohinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16682444", "title": "After F1, now Formula E series to come to India in 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: The promoters of the brand new FIA Formula E series, in which the cars will be powered by electric energy, are targeting India as a destination for a race in their inaugural series in 2014.India is being viewed differently by the motorsport world after it successfully hosted Formula One Grand Prix last year.Within the next six months, the World Superbike championship will make its debut in India and talks were also on to bring the GT1 series as well.FIA President Jean Todt has signed an agreement with a group of investors -- Formula E Holdings Ltd (FEH)-- to stage the Formula E series, which will have 10 teams and 20 drivers.Alejandro Agag, the CEO of Formula E, said they want India to be part of the series.\"We would like to have a race in India, but we are open about the city. We will see what the best options are and then decide,\" Agag said in an interview.\"Formula E are certainly focussing on emerging markets to develop the championship. Establishing a base in India would reflect that strategy. We might look for a local partner in India to work with us to set up the race,\" Agag, who already supports teams in the GP2 and GP3 series, said.The organisers have not yet decided on the city although initially Mumbai was mentioned as one of the venues.JPSI, the owners of Buddh International Circuit (BIC) -- the venue of the F1 Indian Grand Prix, said they are open to the idea of hosting such a race.\"We have that in mind but nothing has happened officially on that front. If we are approached, we can discuss the idea with them,\" Askari Zaidi, Head, Corporate Communications, JPSI said.Explaining the rationale behind launching such a series, Agag said it was a future-centric championship, keeping in mind the environmental needs.\"The global demand for electric vehicles is growing all the time and we are reflecting that in the sport. This is history in the making and a chance to inspire future generations to curb carbon emissions.\"The automotive industry is currently going through a process of significant transformation that will become increasingly visible. In this transformation, the electric car will play a key role as the most practical way to achieve the goal of more efficient and environmentally friendly vehicles,\" he said.The Electric Prix will be different from F1 races. The first feature is that it will happen in one day. Second, pole position will be the result of playoffs, with cars racing one against another, in a format similar to tennis or the Champions League.Third, in the pit-stop, the driver will not change tyres or batteries, they will change car.A Formula E car based on the French company Formulec's F 01 prototype, still in development, will be made available to teams should they choose to use it.\"Teams can choose to have their own cars, provided they are FIA homologated. Therefore the championship is open to any constructor wishing to build a Formula E car,\" Agag said.The races will last about an hour in total and each driver will have two cars. The cars will have a charge lasting around 25 minutes, so there will be a change whilst the first car is re-charged and then another change to the original car for the last part of the race.Formula E cars will be single seaters, able to reach speeds of over 200km per hour.Soon after the news spread about the new series, 2005 and 2006 F1 world champion Fernando Alonso came up a with a negative remark, saying that this series actually is a step backward.However, Agag said they do not want a comparison with F1. \"Fernando Alonso is a great driver, and we respect his opinion. But we don't compare ourselves to F1. We are not the electric F1, as Luca Montezzemolo said recently, we are Formula E, which is a completely different concept.\"We think F1 is great, and I myself have been part of that world, through my GP2 Team (feeder series to F1) for many years. You cannot compare Skiing and Snowboard. I can guarantee you something, we will be the fastest and most exciting Electric Car Championship in the world,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677632", "title": "Leroy D'sa to coach Nashik shuttlers", "text": "NASHIK: Renowned Indian badminton doubles specialist Leroy D'sa will be in Nashik at the Rachana Sports Club from October 6 to 7. The 59-year-old veteran former 14-time national double and mixed doubles champion will conduct a two-day clinic for the shuttles of Nashik in morning and evening sessions.Boys and girls will be taught the techniques and strategies of the game with demonstrations. They will also be acquainted with the changes in the rules. The fitness aspect too will be looked into, informed the coordinator Atul Sangamnerkar. Rachana Sports Club has appealed to the players to not miss the opportunity of interaction with this former coach of Gopichand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16677155", "title": "Coastal security exercise at Paradip", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The four-day-long coastal security exercise 'Madat-12', a mock drill by the Indian Army, Navy and Air Force, kicked off on Thursday at Paradip.The district administration and police are helping the officials of Army, Navy and Air Force to conduct the exercise. The exercise involves role playing by security agencies as blue force and red force.After the Mumbai attack in November 2008, several initiatives have been taken by the government to strengthen security of coastal areas against the threat of non-state actors from the sea. One of the most significant achievements last year was the integration of all maritime stakeholders into coastal security.The exercise has given rise to a number of measures to better coastal security in the area, including, increasing surveillance, positioning of air assets at important defence establishments like missile test centers in Wheeler Island and Chandipur, strict implementation of access control at the embarkation and disembarkation points, establishment of watch towers and radar chains, acquisition and training on more boats for police and measures to further strengthen civil aviation security, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16678023", "title": "Government to confer Salim with Kishore Samman", "text": "BHOPAL: Famous scriptwriter Salim Khan has been conferred with 'Rashtriya Kishore Kumar Samman' for 2011-12 by the Madhya Pradesh government, a government spokesperson said on Thursday. He will be honoured at function at Khandwa on October 13.The award is given alternatively in the fields of film direction, acting, script writing and song writing. Khan is the father of Bollywood megastar Salman Khan .Quoting cultural minister Laxmikant Sharma, spokesman said a meeting of the selection committee held in Mumbai unanimously decided Khan's name.In his career spanning 40 years, Salim Khan has he is credited with script writing of many blockbusters.Born in Indore, Salim's partnership with writer Javed Akhtar , is credited with the phenomenon of the 'angry young man' in the 1970s personified by Amitabh Bachchan in Zanjeer (1973), Deewaar (1975), Sholay (1975), Trishul (1978).The selection committee comprised senior film journalist and former editor of Madhuri, Vinod Tiwari, senior film advertiser R R Pathak, film critic Manmohan Chaddha and film journalist Shriram Tamrakar, spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16677152", "title": "Wat-er fable: Water resources department now seeks VPs' help", "text": "PANAJI: The water resources department (WRD) has decided to approach village panchayats after a failed plan to prepare an inventory of underground water resources in the state, a decade after enacting Goa Ground Water Regulation Act, 2002.The government has issued notices to all owners of groundwater structures, such as open, sunk and bore wells and suppliers of water through tankers in both districts to register by the first week of November 2012.The net annual groundwater availability as on March 2009 is 132.74 million cubic metres (MCM) while the gross annual drawal is 43.83 MCM. Hardly 33% of the groundwater resources are exploited, but there is unregulated extraction in certain areas.\"We have asked all water resources department assistant engineers to send circulars to panchayats in their jurisdiction to prepare the inventory,\" Vijaykumar Honawad, executive enginer in water resources department's south Goa groundwater cell said. The department has changed its earlier procedure of issuing public notices in newspapers, asking owners of groundwater sources to register.WRD does not have a comprehensive data base, as the public notices evoked poor response. The department's assistant engineers in sub-divisions will also receive applications from owners, as the process has been decentralized.The high court of Bombay at Goa had directed water resources department to furnish an inventory of underground sources to ensure sustainable extraction of water.The government had declared the entire state of Goa as a scheduled area in a notification in official gazette dated April 19, 2012. The registration of all existing wells in the scheduled area has become mandatory under section 5 (1) of the Act.The permission of water resources department is necessary to sink a new well while there are also restrictions under the act against transportation of water from a groundwater source in the scheduled area. As per section 6 (1) of the act, transportation of water in excess of 30,000 litres per annum is prohibited without the ground water officer's permission.After starting the process in April 2012, the water resources department has received more than 500 applications. \"More than 131 wells have been registered in south Goa itself,\" Honawad said.Water resources department has registered nearly 200 borewells in the Verna industrial estate about a year back. The sinking of illegal bore-wells and depletion of ground water in outlying areas around the plateau, Nagoa, Verna, Loutolim, Quelossim and Cortalim had drawn protests from villages. \"But these villagers have not shown interest in registering their wells,\" a water resources department official said.The water tankers are also being registered. \"A total of 30 notices were issued and 11 tankers are registered in south Goa,\" he added. Recently, 20 tanker owners have been served notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chittoor", "code": "16675359", "title": "Drunkards knife man, rape lover", "text": "CHITTOOR: A couple who came from Karnataka to a picnic spot in Chittoor district were attacked by four unidentified youths on Thursday. The assailants stabbed the youth with knives and allegedly gang raped his girlfriend. When the girl raised an alarm, locals came to her rescue but the accused fled from the spot.Muniraju, an auto driver, along with his girlfriend, 22, came to the Kaigal waterfalls in Byreddypally mandal from nearby Bangarupet in Kolar district of Karnataka when they were attacked by the drunken youths. Sources said the youths who came on motorbikes stabbed Muniraju after hitting him on his head with a beer bottle. Then they pushed aside the grievously injured Muniraju and dragged away his girlfriend before raping her.Locals came to her rescue after hearing desperate screams of the victim. Both Muniraju and his girlfriend were rushed to the primary health centre at Byreddypally and later to PES Medical College hospital in Kuppam where doctors said the condition of Muniraju was critical. Sources said the couple had been dating for some time and came to the Kaigal waterfalls, 65 km from Chittoor, in the afternoon.A police official said the girl was recovering. Police launched a manhunt to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16680650", "title": "Police arrest two men posing as journalists in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: Punjab police arrested two con men late on Thursday who were trying to extort money in the name of seeking advertisements from businessmen in different parts of Mohali district by posing as senior journalists of a national newspaper.Police have also recovered fake identity cards and forged letter heads of some newspapers and news channels from their possession.The accused were identified as Karan Singh and Rajinder Singh, both in their late thirties and working with a private company in sector 19 of Chandigarh.Police arrested them after receiving complaints from various traders and shopkeepers of phase 3B-2 in Mohali.\"Both the accused had hung press ID cards around the neck and were collecting advertisements for a magazine named yellow pages. They were trying to influence traders by saying that they have been sent by senior editors of the newspapers. In some cases, they had also threatened the businessmen to do a negative news story if they refused to give advertisements,\" said a Mohali police official here.Police said that they had also extorted money from some businessmen by posing as fake journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679005", "title": "Dummy students racket: Cops to match handwriting of accused with papers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dombivli police, currently investigating the dummy students racket, have asked Mumbai University for the answersheets of two students to match the handwriting on them with the duo arrested in the case. The arrested youth said they had appeared for MU's TYBCom exam on October 1 at exam centres in Chembur.The Vishnu Nagar police had arrested three people in the case: the kingpin of the racket, Sunil Patil, and Jayesh Sonekar and Amarjeet Gupta, who appeared as dummies in place of students during the ongoing TYBCom exams.Cops said Patil (32), who runs a coaching class in Airoli, had approached Sonekar and Gupta, both BCom graduates, to appear for the TYBCom exams for students who were weak in academics but could afford to pay for clearing their papers.Cops are now collecting evidence against the accused andon Thursday wrote to MU asking for the answersheets of the two students (whose names have been withheld) for whom the duo allegedly wrote the TYBCom papers. \"We have sought the answer sheets to verify their hand writing,\" said Rajendra Kulkarni, senior police inspector from Vishnu Nagar police station.Cops also visited the Vikhroli college to which the accused allegedly belonged, though college authorities said the duo was never on their rolls. \"Our team visited the college in Vikhroli too from where we got detailed address of both students and we will soon arrest them,\" said Kulkarni. However, college authorities claimed that the students did not belong to the college. \"We checked our data since 2000, and we could not find the names of the two students mentioned by the police,\" said the college authorities.Sources from police said after nabbing the two youngsters, the police are looking out for college staffers who helped these students to get in touch with Patil and also arranged for the black hall tickets. Mumbai University officials remained unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677356", "title": "Illegal kiosks removed at Rajapur", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of Allahabad Municipal Corporation was undertaken at Rajapur on Thursday. Various illegal kiosks and encroachments made on drains were removed.The paraphernalia of the AMC demolition squad comprising of bulldozers, JCB machines and trucks reached Muir Road at Rajapur at about 12:00 noon. The demolition started from Baba crossing located at Muir Road and continued upto the Traffic crossing.During the demolition drive, about 38 ramps constructed on the drains were demolished. 20 tin-shades were pulled down while 6 earthen hearths were also demolished. Four illegal kiosks were also bulldozed in the demolition process.The demolition drive was headed bySumit Kumar. The police force was also present in large number so that demolition process can proceed smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678911", "title": "'Restrict mobile talk to six minute daily, SMS instead'", "text": "MUMBAI: You can reduce the radiation risks posed by cell phones if you religiously avoid talking on your mobile for more than six minutes. But since it can be an unrealistic target for many, using a speakerphone or headset and keeping the mobile at least a foot away from the body is the safest option, experts say.Most importantly, reduce the number of calls from cell phones and use the SMS option instead, or landlines whenever possible. Above all, don't forget to check the specific absorption rate (SAR) while buying a phone, it should be strictly 1.6 watt/kg and not beyond it, suggest telecommunication officials.If at all you are exposed to radiation from cell towers, or if your residence or office is within 1km from a TV tower or within 500 meters of an FM tower, then growing plants or trees with more water content, or putting water curtains on windows or galleries are other ways to divert radiation.But the best option is to complain against such a tower. An inter-ministerial committee of experts formed by the ministry of communications and information technology to study the hazards posed by cell phones and towers has already highlighted that radiation from cell phones and towers poses serious health risks, including loss of memory, lack of concentration, disturbance in digestive system and sleep disorders.In June last year, the WHO and International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC) classified radio-frequency electromagnetic fields as Group 2B agents that could \"possibly be carcinogenic to humans,\" or in simpler words cause brain cancer. Globally, researches are still trying to gauge health hazards caused by prolonged use of cell phones.Senior consultant radiation oncologist Dr Anusheel Munshi said while more data is awaited, preliminary findings could be strong enough for people to think prevention. \"So far, prolonged usage for at least a decade has been linked with brain tumours. It is believed that constant exposure of certain regions of the brain to electromagnetic radiation is to blame for tumours,\" he said. Munshi also suggested that plug-in ear devices should be used more often and even texting could be used more frequently than talking.Endocrinologist Dr Shashank Joshi also said texting, emailing or using instant messaging applications can save us from cell phone hazards in a big way.A paediatrician from civic-run Sion Hospital said cell phone usage should be kept to minimum for children. \"The damages could be more in case of children as their skull bones are thinner than adults and therefore electromagnetic radiation could penetrate deeper,\" the doctor said.\"From September 1, 2013 only mobile handsets with revised SAR value of 1.6 watt/kg will be permitted to be manufactured or imported in India,\" said R K Bhatnagar, advisor (technology) to DoT. He said devices which can help officials randomly check SAR of the new imported or manufactured stock of handsets will arrive soon, at a cost of Rs 15 lakh each. Similarly national engineering standards for handsets are also being framed to offer more health-friendly handsets. Manufacturers have to self-declare the SAR value in the brochure of the handset. \"If any company selling handsets in India does not comply with the norms then action will be taken against it. The law is being amended in another three to four months to empower DoT to initiate such action,\" said Bhatnagar.Bhatnagar said even corrective action such as reducing the frequency of the antennas, changing their position and direction can also help reduce the effects of radiation on humans. \"Re-engineering is possible in most cases, which can give lot of relief but in extreme cases removing them can be the final option,\" he said adding that the department has come down heavily on operators who would not reduce the radiations of each of their base transmission stations (BTSs) or cell towers to 1/10th level (i.e up to only 450 milliwatts/sq m).IIT-Bombay professor Girish Kumar warned against cellphone use for more than six minutes a day as he said handsets have SAR of only 1.6 watts per kg and thus can absorb radiation only for six minutes a day and later can harm the body. \"So after formally speaking on cell, one should develop a habit of talking on landline,\" he said, adding the brain was at high risk of getting affected by radiation.said antennas of repeaters installed in and around residential apartments or working stations should not emit radiation of more than 0.1 watt. Similarly, the ideal wattage for cell towers should be 2 watts in densely populated urban areas. \"But shockingly towers are giving radiations up to 400 watts as more 'carriers' are fitted on the antennas. A simple microwave is of 500 watts capacity so imagine the heating effect towers can leave on your body,\" he adds. Kumar said a wi-fi of not more than 100 miliwatts should also be switched off when not in use.Consumer activist and expert Achintya Mukherjee said telecom companies should connect base stations and subsidiary stations with optic fibre cables and then create wireless-like in-building solutions to disseminate low wattage signals with less radiation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16676122", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav showers bounty on home town Saifai", "text": "LUCKNOW: Announcing a slew of development schemes for the Yadav pocket boroughs in Etawah and Mainpuri, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday said the Samajwadi Party government was committed to fulfilling all its poll promises. Akhilesh, who was in Saifai to distribute Kanya Vidya Dhan and unemployment allowance to beneficiaries from the region, said the government was working towards creating more employment for the state's youth.The first state function in Saifai since the SP came to power in March this year, Thursday's event ensured the local folk felt adequately cared for. On one hand, the chief minister's bounty included additional capacity for the Saifai hospital -- its capacity will be increased from 700 beds to 1200 -- on the other, the hospital will also be fitted with new, state-of-the-art trauma and burn centres along with additional emergency medical services.Promoting education among women, for which Akhilesh said his government re-started the Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme, the government also promised to set up an inter college for girls in Saifai. Other development initiatives for the region include the construction of a bypass connecting Saifai, a sport's college for men, a new Mandi -- Saifai Apna Bazaar -- along the lines of the one in Lucknow, Mother Dairy kiosks, state-of-the-art police barracks and 25 km roads for all seven assembly constituencies in Etawah and Mainpuri.Among other initiatives for the region, Akhilesh also inaugurated a 32 KV sub-station for Mainpuri, apart from a new fire station for Saifai. Speaking at the dole distribution ceremony, the CM said the state government had undertaken several measures to ensure that farmers and the poor in UP were well cared for. Saying that the government had instituted a scheme to ensure free supply of water from government-run canals, Akhilesh added that the scheme of minimum support price for farm produce ensured farmers got their due.Participating in the event, senior SP leader and PWD and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav said the government has prepared a scheme worth Rs 20,000 crore to treat the brackish water in the region. Promising to solve the state's water woes within the next three years, Shivpal said his department had devised irrigation master plans for 65 districts, which would ensure water troubles were a thing of the past. The PWD minister also reiterated his promise to ensure all roads in UP were pot-hole free by the end of November.Speaking at the function, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav said the state government was committed to fulfilling all the promises it made to the people of UP before the elections. The Kanya Vidya Dhan scheme had to be discontinued during the previous SP regime because of inadequate funds but in the current regime, the party would ensure that women were given adequate chance to pursue higher education , like their male counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679052", "title": "DRI stumbles upon 3,000 litres of liquor in 'hidden chamber'", "text": "MUMBAI: Acting on a tipoff, directorate of reven-ue intelligence officers opened a 40-foot-long and eight-foot-wide container at JNPT port to check for smuggled liquor on Wednesday night, only to find well-stacked rolls of iron mesh.In the next few hours, hired workers removed the one-tonne rolls but found nothing else. The officials then examined the container's exterior that showed signs of riveting work.A detailed examination of the interior also showed signs of welding. A three-hour manual cutting of metal sheet proved that it was a false partition, that hid a seven-foot-deep chamber.Officials were worried about using a machine to cut the metal as sparks would have ignited the alcohol and triggered an explosion. The DRI found 3,000 litres of premium foreign whisky and vodka bottles in 247 crates, worth approximately Rs 1 crore in the Indian market.The importer's address in Delhi was found to be fictitious.Liquor attracts about 160% customs du-ty; therefore th-e-re is a market for smuggled goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16676949", "title": "CBI to file chargesheet against Rishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will file a chargesheet against Ravi Rishi and others in the Tatra scam and finalize the enquiry into the alleged bribe offer to former Army chief General V K Singh within few weeks.According to sources, investigation into the Tatra scam is over and the agency is awaiting the reply of the legal department on a recent presentation given by former BEML chief V R S Natarajan, who had claimed that it was a licence agreement and not transfer of technology.About the alleged bribery offer to V K Singh by Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh, CBI sources said they were taking legal opinion on the evidence collected to establish a link between Tejinder and Ravi Rishi. \"We will decide whether to convert the preliminary enquiry into a regular case or not very soon,\" said an official. Officials said they would file a chargesheet without replies from Czech Republic and Slovakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16680888", "title": "Supreme Court refuses to accept any new material on Mullaperiyar Dam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-judge constitution bench of the Supreme Court on Friday declined to accept any fresh material other than what has been submitted by the expert panel on the controversial Mullaperiyar Dam row between Kerala and Tamil Nadu.The apex court said it would not accept any fresh material as otherwise the entire process would be unending.A bench comprising justices D K Jain, R M Lodha, H L Dattu, C K Prasad and A R Dave adjourned the matter till November 5, when it would fix the date for final hearing on the contentious issue.\"We will not accept any new material or data. How do you expect the matters to come to an end? Otherwise it will be an unending process,\" the bench told senior counsel V Giri, appearing for Kerala.The bench made the observation after Giri submitted that the expert committee had collected fresh material on the basis of which it had given a report certifying the safety of the century old dam.Kerala argued that the committee had relied on its own empirical data and material, rather than the material and evidence submitted by Kerala and Tamil Nadu, in arriving at the conclusion.The apex court, however, said the committee may have its own views and cannot be faulted for it.The bench said Kerala and Tamil Nadu can raise any objections on the committee's findings only on the basis of existing material and pointed out that the high-powered panel had members from both the squabbling states besides from the Centre.\"Committee had your nominee, Tamil Nadu and experts from both the sides beside Centre. Tomorrow you will say you will call experts from England, Spain or Japan. We can't permit it. It is an expert committee and not an ad-hoc mechanism. It is a high-powered committee. A body constituted of top level experts,\" the bench told Kerala firmly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16677533", "title": "Hospitals turn into home for forsaken patients", "text": "KOLKATA: While most of these patients were brought to the hospital for treatment by their respective families for medical attention, some were admitted by voluntary organisations. But with time they realized they had no takers and had to make the hospital their home. Though some of these forsaken patients are still hopeful of their families taking them back home, others have reconciled to the fact that they are unwanted by their families and have to lead the rest of their lives in the hospital.It was six years ago that Pushpalata Dutta was brought to Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital (CNMCH). Pushpalata, who was 64 then, had suffered a hip fracture after a fall. Unmarried, she lived with the family of her younger brother in Bosepukur. She was brought to the hospital by her niece and sister-in-law. Till her surgery, the family would visit her regularly. But once the operation was over, there was no sign of Pushpalata's relatives. Despite numerous reminders from the hospital, she is yet to be taken home.\"My niece and sister-in-law used to come to see me in the hospital for about three months, after which they never returned. I got the shock of my life when they reportedly told the hospital authorities that I am not their relative, but their maid. After this, doctors treating me asked to stay back in the hospital fearing that I was not wanted back home,\" said Pushpalata.Since then, Bed No. 312 in the neuro-surgery department has become her home. The polite and gentle elderly woman gets food from the hospital staff. They also get new sarees from time to time.\"Dida always has a smile on her face despite being abandoned by her family. She tells me stories when I get bored,\" said Noor Khatun of Baruipur. The teenager is Pushpalata's neighbour for the past one month.Whenever the woman finds a patient sad or depressed, she makes it a point to counsel and console them to be brave. \"Mashima's inspiring words act like a balm that medicines prescribed by doctors fail to do,\" said another patient in the ward.\"We have kept some patients in the hospital on humanitarian grounds and Pushpalata Dutta is one of them,\" confirmed CNMCH superintendent and vice principal Dr Parthapratim Pradhan.For Baroo Abdullah (in her late 30s), Bed No. 1 in the female medical ward of NRS Medical College and Hospital (NRSMCH) has become her home for a little more than six years. From being suspected of being a Pakistani spy to being a fugitive, Baroo has had to struggle a lot in life.She was brought to the hospital in August 2006. Believed to be from Balgo in Harchawal district in the now Pakistan occupied Kashmir, the woman was found loitering in April 2006.After going through psychiatric treatment, doctors declared Baroo fine. Now, she wants to go back to her family but there are many hurdles to be crossed. An NGO that rescued the woman said diplomatic red-tape has delayed the process of sending the woman home.Meanwhile, she has been able to make the hospital staff her friends. In fact, the young woman is so pampered that all it takes for her to get things that the hospital does not provide is to jot them down on a piece of paper and hand it to some nurses. Whether it is a lipstick, a pair of earrings, a new set of salwar kameez or fruits - her demands are always met. nobody disappoints her whether it is a lipstick, earring, salwar suit or fresh fruits.\"She is a very nice girl though a little pampered. From time to time she does a round of the ward and calls us if she finds that a patient needs us. She also helps us fetch files,\" said one of the nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681837", "title": "Deepali Pansare stays back in Iss Pyaar Ko", "text": "Good news! Good news! Good news! Here comes a good news for all the Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon fans. We have some exclusive dope which will surely bring a smile on Fans face.Few weeks back, it was reported by TOI.com and the rest of the media about Deepali Pansare aka Payal Of Star Plus's Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon is serving the notice period and will make an exit from the show in a months time. Reason? She wanted to explore better opportunities in the industry.Interestingly, It has become a trend for the show to make news of the actors leaving the show and staying back again. Firstly it was Daljit Kaur, who too dropped her papers and lately was asked to stay back, followed by Barun Sobti, who later went ahead and stated a media about not leaving the show and now its Deepali Pansare.Undoubtedly, the buzz of Deepali leaving the show too turn heart breaking for millions of Iss Pyaar Ko... fans. Accordingly, the actress too received many mails and messages to stop her decision and continue with the show.Finally, the actress has agreed on continuing with the show and has dropped the idea of terminating her service.A khabroo from the sets informed that Deepali had put the papers a month back but the producers didn't accepted it as they wanted her to continue with the role. On the other hand the replacement for the character was also not accepted by the makers. Hence, they have stopped her from leaving the show.We contacted Deepali and she stated, \"Yes, I am not leaving the show as of now.\"She adds on, \"I still remember when the news about me leaving the show was out; I received millions of fans' messages asking me to continue the show.\"All we can say is welcome back Deepali!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16675877", "title": "Dograscelebrates 15th post war reunion", "text": "FAIZABAD: The Dogra Regiment is celebrating its 15th post war reunion combined with 29th battalion commanders' biennial conference from October 4 to October 7 at the Dogra Regimental Centre based in Faizabad. Former chief of the army staff General NC Vij will be the chief guest of re-union. The Dogra Regiment rose on August 26, 1858 as 38{+t}{+h} Regiment of British Indian army. Post independence era saw it in action during 1962, 1965 &amp; 1971 operations. In Indo-Pak war of 1971, the Dogras had the proud privilege of hoisting the first Indian Flag in the captured territory of Dera Baba Nanak Bridge of West Pakistan. It also took part in United Nations peacekeeping missions. tnn in Lebanon, Korea, Gaza , Congo and EthiopiaThe Dogra soldiers hailing from the warrior classes of Himachal and adjoining areas of Punjab and Jammu region earned glory in World War-1 on the north west frontier in France and Flanders, Egypt, Palestine, Aden and Mesopotamia, winning 20 Battle Honours and two Victoria Cross. The regiment also notched up many more laurels in World War-II and was awarded five Battle Honours in Malaya, Arakan, Manipur and Burma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16678411", "title": "Man dies in lock-up, kin protest", "text": "MADURAI: A 26-year-old youth from Paramakudi in Ramanathapuram district arrested on theft charges died in police custody on Wednesday.The death sparked a protest by friends and relatives of the youth on the Madurai - Rameswaram Road bringing traffic to standstill for many hours on Thursday, demanding action against the police personnel. Ramanathapuram range DIG M Ramasubramani has suspended a sub-inspector and three constables for the death. While he has ordered a departmental inquiry, a probe by a revenue divisional officer (RDO) has also been ordered.Venkatesan (26) son of Ramanujam of Tahsildar Nagar in Madurai, was married and had a son. He visited Paramakudi on October 1 to appear in the local court in connection with a theft case, but did not return home that night. As his family began a search for him they were informed that police had taken him for questioning with regard to the theft of some computers, laptops and jewellery in that region.Venkatesan was taken to the Emaneswaram police station, where a case was under Section 426/12. While in police custody, he allegedly fainted during interrogation and was taken to the Paramakudi government hospital, where Dr Naganathan pronounced him dead. The relatives of Venkatesan, who rushed to the hospital, alleged that there were injuries on his body and that he died due to police harassment.Venkatesan's brother Senthilkumar filed a petition in the judicial magistrate court seeking an inquiry into his brother's death. Following the petition, judge Revathy from the judicial magistrate court in Paramakudi visited the hospital and conducted inquiries with the doctors who handled the case.Even as the inquiry was on, a large number of his relatives and friends gathered on the Madurai - Rameswaram Road and staged a protest. Alleging police harassment, they demanded action against the police personnel responsible for his death. Paramakudi RDO held talks with them and assured them of action.People's Watch, a Madurai-based human rights NGO said in a statement that it was a clear case of custodial death and that it was the 28th custodial death to take place in Tamil Nadu after the AIADMK came to power in the state. Also, many of the victims of custodial deaths were below the age of 40, like R Mohanraj of Tirupur, who died in the first week of September in custody. Venkatesan, too, had a nine-month-old son.People's Watch has demanded that it be treated as a murder and that cases be registered for the same against police personnel including Muniasamy who were responsible for Venkatesan's death. It has also urged that the State Human Rights Commission to take suo moto cognizance of the same.Speaking to The Times of India, DIG of police, M Ramasubramani said that four personnel, including the sub-inspector Muniraj, constables Govindaraj, Krishnavelu and Gnanasekharan had been placed under suspension following the magistrate's inquiry. He said that further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16678190", "title": "Study: Effects of beauty cream only skin deep", "text": "London: Researchers have found that even the most expensive cosmetic creams cannot 'penetrate' the skin to repair it from within as claimed by manufacturers.Scientists at the University of Bath found that claims by pharmaceutical brands that nanoparticles in their products give their creams a 'deep penetrating action' are 'patently' untrue, the Daily Mail reported.Even the tiniest of nanoparticles do not penetrate the skin's surface, creams are simply deposited into creases in the skin and do not carry nutrients deep under the surface , the study found.\"Whereas earlier work has suggested that nanoparticles appear to penetrate the skin, our results indicate that they may in fact have simply been deposited into a deep crease within the skin sample,\" Richard Guy, a professor of Pharmaceutical Sciences who led the research, said. \"The skin's role is to act as a barrier to potentially dangerous chemicals and to reduce water loss from the body. Our study shows that it is doing a good job of this,\" Guy said. Researchers studied particles less than one hundredth of the thickness of a human hair which are used in sunscreens and some cosmetic and pharmaceutical creams.They found that even when the skin sample had been partially compromised by stripping away layers, the nanoparticles still did not penetrate the skin's outer layer , the stratum corneum. \"Not once were we able to determine that nanoparticles were able to cross the skin's protective layer,\" Guy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678004", "title": "Cops say they have elaborate security plans", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have drawn up plans to ensure that law and order is maintained during Friday's Cauvery protests.\"The entire civil police force, besides City Armed Reserve and Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) platoons, will be on duty,\" said Suneel Kumar. The same security arrangements will continue on Saturday.DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau told TOI that security arrangements in Mandya district, especially prohibitory orders around the KRS dam, will continue till Saturday.\"We have no plan to increase security in Mandya and Mysore districts, where roadblocks have affected traffic on the highway between Mysore and Bangalore. There have also been disruptions in the movement of traffic between Mysore and Chamarajanagar district, bordering Tamil Nadu ,\" he said.Additional personnel will be deployed throughout the state, especially in Mandya, Mysore and Chamarajanagar districts, during Saturday's bandh, he said.Farmers' representative Kodihalli Chandrashekhar has threatened to block all highways in the state on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16677824", "title": "Why is govt asking me to live my last years in prison? Lt Gen (retd) Brar asks", "text": "MUMBAI: Lt Gen (retd) K S Brar, who escaped a murder bid in London on October 1, said on Thursday that he won't leave his Mumbai home. Union home ministry officials have suggested that he be moved to another city since his present location is known to Khalistani terrorists.\"I've been staying here for the past 28 years. My family, friends and golf ground are all here. Why, then, is the central government asking me to live the last few years of my life in a prison? The suggestion is totally unacceptable,\" Brar said.\"I live in the most secure environment provided by the Army. It's because of this protection that no one has been able to attack me here,'' said Brar. The general was visiting his daughter in Britain and walking back to his hotel in Central London with his wife around 10.40 pm, when four men attacked him. Brar fought back but was struck in the neck and face. The attackers who fled after Meena raised an alarm.Astonishingly, the Centre had sought to downgrade Brar's high-security after the IB concluded there was no threat to his life. The decision was revoked. Intelligence officials told TOI that the decision to provide security is based on threat perception that his revised every year. \"There were periodic warnings about threats to Brar,\" said a senior officer. \"That's why he received protection. Most of the threats he got was in shape of hate mails.\"Brar said the threats haven't stopped in the past 28 years. \"The internet is full of these guys saying I should be killed, all of which I have passed on to local military authorities. I am now reading news reports that the IB had information of plans by some Khalistani sympathizers in Germany to attack me on June 6, the day they celebrate as Ghalu Ghara or martyrdom day. What security measures did the Centre take?'' asked Brar.Criticizing the building of a monument inside the Golden Temple in the name of those who died in Operation Bluestar, Brar said, \"Are they martyrs? I call them murderers, criminals, terrorists. The top politicians of the Akali Dal, the chief minister, are attending these functions. The Centre must step in and stop this. Otherwise, we are going back to the early 1980s.''\"On the other hand, no monuments were being built for soldiers and Army personnel going beyond their call of duty to protect national integrity and sovereignty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "16676999", "title": "Denied money, son kills mom", "text": "Barrackpore: A youth hacked his mother to death after the latter refused to lend him Rs 50 for gambling. The accused Bappa Mondal was rounded up on Thursday from a hideout in Kanchrapara's Bijpur and has confessed to the crime, said police.Kamala Mondal, 60, used to work as a domestic help to sustain her family. But Bappa would forcefully take money from her for gambling. Locals alleged that he was also into drugs. On Thursday, an altercation broke out between the duo and Bappa, in a fit of rage, hacked his mother with a large knife, said police. A 60-year-old mother was brutally killed by her 22-year-old son after she refused to give him money which he demanded for gambling at Kanchrapara near Bijpur on Thursday morning. Kamala Mondal, the mother was hacked to death by her son, Bappa at Dangapara in Kanchrapara after she refused to give him Rs 50. The woman's battered body was found lying on the road in front of her house on Thursday morning. Police arrested her son Bappa who reportedly confessed to the murder of his mother.Kamala, the victim used to stay at her Dangapara residence along with her daughter Soma and son Bappa after her husband had left them around ten years back. She worked as a domestic help in several houses to run the family. Soma, the daughter is associated with some handiworks and tried to help the mother financially to run the family. But Bappa addicted in drugs and gambling used to demand money from her mother. \"My mother worked hard from dawn to dusk to run our family till her death. But Bappa used to torture her demanding money for his regular gambling and taking drugs. We had asked him several times not to play gamble, but he did not pay any heed to our request and used to take money from mother forcibly. Whenever she refused to pay him, he beat her up. He also beat me up while I came to mother's rescue,\" said Soma, the victim's daughter.On Thursday morning, Soma left the home for her job and Kamala was about to leave home while Bappa asked his mother to give him Rs 50. An altercation broke out between mother and son after she refused to pay him. During altercation in a fit of rage Bappa picked up a katari and hacked her mother several times. The elderly woman somehow rushed out of the house with several cuts on her body but soon collapsed on the road in front of her house, bleeding profusely. Locals rushed to the spot and the woman was taken to Bhatpara State General Hospital where she was declared brought dead.After being informed the woman's daughter Soma rushed to her home and went straight to Bijpur police station and lodged murder complaint against her brother. After killing his mother Bappa, the accused fled the spot. Police later arrested him from a hideout in Kanchrapara. \"He killed my mother brutally only for Rs 50. He should be hanged,\" said Soma.\"Bappa was arrested in connection with the murder of his mother. He already confessed to the murder. The murder weapon was also seized from the house.He will be produced in the Barrackpore court on Friday,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16677837", "title": "Work on tribal institute to begin in November", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The foundation stone for the Institute of Tribal Studies and Research (ITSR), envisaged to open up higher education access to tribal students, will be laid at Chethalayam in Wayanad in November.The centre would offer degree and PG courses and research programmes under the Calicut University exclusively for tribal students in a fully residential environment. CU syndicate member and convener of ITSR K Sivaraman said the launch of the centre would provide an impetus to the education prospects available for tribal students in the state.\"The project has already received Rs 50 lakh from the MLA funds of Sulthan Bathery MLA I C Balakrishnan. We are looking for getting additional funds from the state government and the university. The institute would be offering residential facilities for tribal students and will offer integrated UG and PG courses,\" he said.He added that the varsity has decided to invite applications for the maiden degree programme in sociology conducted by the institute. The first two semesters of the course will be held on the CU campus in Tenhipalam and the programme will be shifted to the institute once the campus is ready in one year's time. The Calicut University has approved Rs 30 lakh to start the course.ITSR, which was conceived many years ago, had failed to take off despite the previous LDF government allotting 10 acres for the project at Chethalayam.Sivaraman said the institute would be a boon for tribal students from across the state as it would offer skill development and personality development programmes along with regular degrees. \"Currently the residential education programmes for tribal students are limited to the higher secondary level. The institute intends to address the problem of increased college drop-out rate among tribal students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16678460", "title": "Two women involved in kidnapping of schoolgirl", "text": "FARIDKOT: The kidnapping case of a 15-year-old girl in Faridkot took a new twist on Thursday with police claiming that two women, including the mother of main accused Nishan, were involved in the crime.The girl, a class X student of a convent school here, was abducted from Dogar Basti at gun point by a 7-member gang led by Nishan while her parents were assaulted by the abductors.Police sources said Nishan's mother Navjot Kaur and a friend helped the gang plot the kidnapping and escape with the girl.Police have formed 12 special teams to track down the girl, who was abducted on September 24. Sources said Nishan's mother had close links with a realty dealer in the city. After the kidnapping, Nishan had contacted his mother and her friend, police sources said.\"Nishan and his associates came to Faridkot from Moga via Talwandi to kidnap the girl on September 24. After abducting her, they fled via Kotakpura, Bargadi,\" Gurinder Singh Dhillon, SSP, Faridkot, said.\"All the accused involved in the case have been identified and two of them were arrested. Nishan, Pradeep Pompy, Virender Dhalla and a boy and a woman have also been identified,\" added the SSP, but refused to divulge details of the two.\"The woman identified in the case is not from Faridkot and police have all the details about her,\" he said. Meanwhile, the dharna by Gundagardi Virodhi Action Committee demanding arrest of the accused continued in front of the police station on Thursday. TNNThe girl's father, a businessman, and mother, an LIC employee, are still in a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682832", "title": "Jab Tak Hai Jaan: Is 'Challa' song inspired from 'Save Tonight'?", "text": "Although world renowned musician and singer AR Rahman is known for his original composition, but this time his originality is under a cloud.Swedish musician Eagle-Eye Cherry's popular song, 'Save Tonight' from his album 'Desireless' is identical to Rahman's 'Challa' song from his latest movie Jab Tak Hai Jaan, especially the opening notes of guitar.'Save Tonight' is one of the best known songs of Cherry and has gained popularity worldwide. The song is considered Cherry's signature song.On the other hand, 'Challa' song is sung by sufi singer Rabbi Shergill , who has first time lent his voice to Shah Rukh Khan for this Yash Chopra's film. Though Rabbi has sung the song in his own style yet his pitch and tone will also remind you of Cherry's singing.Listen to Eagle-Eye Cherry's song 'Save Tonight' I Listen to Jab Tak Hai Jaan's song 'Challa'AR Rahman and Gulzar have teamed up for this Yash Chopra's last directorial. The song 'Challa' has already become a viral on the YouTube like the movie's trailer.Jab Tak Hai Jaan is scheduled to release this Diwali on 13th November, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677407", "title": "Appoint more sanitary workers, corporators tell AMC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A section of corporators protested at the Allahabad Municipal Corporation on Thursday demanding better civic amenities ahead of the festive season. They also handed over a memorandum to the municipal commissioner.The corporators demanded repair of roads and recruitment of additional sanitary workers to ensure cleanliness in the city. The said in view of passing of the resolution passed by the Sadan, house owners of the old houses should be given concession of 25%, 32% and 40% in house tax in accordance with the law.They also demanded that in view of the deteriorating civic amenities efforts should be made for sanctioning work of about Rs 5 lakh in each ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16676017", "title": "'Five-ringed' Gagan earns his stripes", "text": "PUNE: On seeing the five Olympic rings tattooed on Gagan AP's shoulder, one wondered whether it was a case of the cat aping the tiger or the athlete actually earning his stripes.Going by his performance in the Enerzal Senior national aquatic championships on Thursday, one could argue that the Karnataka lad falls in the second category.\"I got this tattoo in London. It's a symbol of respect that you get as an Olympian. Michael Phelps has it, my idol Ryan Lochte has it,\" said Gagan after leading his state team to the 4x100 free style gold at the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex.The quartet of Gagan, Rohit Havaladar, Saurabh Sangvekar and Aaron D'Souza timed 3 minutes 32.14 seconds, lowering the meet record the team had set last year by 2.41 seconds.Picked as a wild card for London ahead of qualified swimmers like Virdhawal Khade and Sandeep Sejwal, Gagan found himself in the eye of the storm. \"There was a lot of pressure (coming into the Nationals). I had to prove a point, that I was worthy of the selection. I think my performance here has justified that,\" he asserted.Virdhawal Khade clocked 22.84 seconds while winning the 50m free style men's event and in the process also qualified for the World Championships in Barcelona next year. His timing was well within the 'B' mark of 23.11 and just outside the 'A' mark of 22.33.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16677691", "title": "Coimbatore police arrest sex racket kingpin", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police busted a sex racket on Wednesday night and arrested the kingpin behind it. A 22-year-old unmarried woman was rescued from his custody and sent to government protection home at Sanganoor in the city. Police have seized a luxury car and three mobile phones from him.The accused has been identified as M Sasi alias Srinivasan, 37 of Kanakkampalayam near Palani in Dindigul district. Three police inspectors Chandrasekar (cyber crime), S Chandramohan (central crime branch) and Ravikumar (Kattoor police station) conducted vehicle check at various parts of the city on Wednesday night. One of the police team had stopped a car near Park Gate bus stop and inquired the person. Later, the police realized that the man was allegedly involved in sex racket.Police said Srinivasan had close contacts with others involved in similar sex rackets across the country. He was a pimp catering to businessman and others in Coimbatore and Tirupur. His wife Bindhu alias Vaishnavi, and his younger brother were also involved in flesh trade. He was involved in sending Russian girls to various persons in Chennai and other areas as well. He had been on the run for the past one and half years ago.Police said Srinivasan used a luxury car worth Rs10 lakh. Police have seized the car and three mobile phones from him. He told the police that he used a lodge at Mettupalayam and a cottage in Kallar for business. Coimbatore city police conveyed the matter to Coimbatore rural police to conduct raid at the lodge and cottage.Kattoor police registered a case and the detail investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16682124", "title": "Gunasekhar ropes in Anushka", "text": "Looks like Gunasekhar's dream of making a historical drama is taking shape as the latest we hear is that the director has roped in Anushka for Rani Rudrama Devi. Sources say that although the names of Anushka and Nayanatara did the rounds, it was Anushka who was finally zeroed in for the prestigious project.The director feels that it's possible to make period drama like Rudrama Devi with the prevailing technology and adds that he's been working on this script since a long time. Maestro Illayaraja is expected to score the music for this film, which showcases the efforts and tribulations of Rudrama Devi. Thota Tharani is going to erect lavish sets for this film, which will be made as a Telugu-Tamil bilingual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16678465", "title": "Estranged Indian-origin couple dead in Australia house fire", "text": "MELBOURNE: An estranged Indian-origin couple died on Thursday in a mysterious house fire in this Australian city.Police said officers were in the area attending an unrelated matter when they observed a flames coming from a house in Hale Street early this morning.Police, in a statement, said they entered the house and located a man, and dragged him from the burning building. The man was taken to a local hospital with significant burns but has since died of his injuries.Police also recovered a body of a woman from the house. Australian media identified the victims as Sargun Ragi, 22, and her taxi driver husband Avjit Singh, 31.Police did not confirm how Sargun died, but said her death is being treated as \"suspicious\".The paper, citing its sources, reported that Sargun had been stabbed repeatedly.Sargun had been married to Singh for a year and had been living in the Kew house for just three days. Singh, who had been in Australia for eight years, had been in conflict with his wife, the report said.Homicide and arson and explosive detectives are probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678077", "title": "Woman injured as husband pushes her out of moving car", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old woman has complained to police that she was pushed out of a moving car by her husband near Pondy Bazaar after the couple had a quarrel in the car on Wednesday evening.Angelin Punitha, a HR professional from Choolaimedu, had injuries on her head when she came to file a complaint with the Shastri Nagar police station.Police said Punitha, who works for a car company in Sholinganallur, and her husband Raj Kumar, 32), also a HR professional with a software firm in Vadapalani, were returning home from Elliots beach when it happened. \"They were returning after seeing a house in Besant Nagar,\" a policeman quoted Punitha as saying. \"After a heated argument, Kumar dashed her against the car. She tried to resist. He slowed down the vehicle and pushed her out of the vehicle. He drove off.\" Police said the man is absconding. A security guard who noticed the woman falling down came to her rescue.Seeing her bleeding, he alerted the 108 ambulance. She was taken to a private hospital where her injury was sutured. Punitha told police that she tried to raise an alarm while in the car, but nobody could hear her as the windows were rolled up. They had been frequently quarrelling for three years and she was being harassed repeatedly, she complained.The Shastri Nagar police registered a case under Sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code, and are investigating.\"We are verifying her statement and searching for her husband,\" said inspector Sundaresan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16675915", "title": "Hockey's own goal rule: Umpires happy but defenders worried", "text": "BANGALORE: The own goal, introduced by the International Hockey Federation (FIH) in its 2013 rule book as a mandatory experimental rule, has kindled the imagination of players, coaches and umpires.The rule was the highlight of the final of the Hockey India Senior National Championship with an own goal by Air India turning out to be Punjab's match-winner.According to FIH, the rule applies to all levels of hockey as this is a mandatory experimental rule but because since it is a significant change, it will be monitored closely. After a period of review, the FIH Rules Committee will decide whether or not to make it a permanent change.The own goal, which is awarded if the ball touches a defender's stick within the circle en route to the goal, has made the game more competitive. Hard-hitting strikers enjoy undue advantage in getting goals from outside the circle even as defenders are employing new strategies to counter such type of shots.More importantly, the rule has made life easier for umpires, who are now spared the responsibility of deciding in a split-second whether the ball went into the goal off an attacker or a defender. \"It's a welcome change,\" said umpire Raghu Prasad, who officiated in the London Olympics.\"The new rule makes the sport more competitive and also helps umpires make decisions on who scored the goal. In the past, own goal situations have led to chaos with the attackers claiming it was a goal and the defending team arguing for a long corner,\" added Raghu, who officiated in the Nationals final where an own goal spelt Air India's doom.While the number of goals will increase thanks to this rule, it will also add to the pressure in the defence. The goalkeeper, in particular, will have to keep a watch on not just the rival strikers but also his own teammates manning the zone.\"The new rule calls for a defensive strategy,\" said Punjab coach Baljit Singh Saini.\"It's good for the game. The goalkeeper will have to be more careful. The defensive positions will change in the circle during a raid by the rivals. The sweeper-back, who only plays the loose ball, will have to position himself away from the danger zone. From the coaches' point of view, the rule calls for a clever defensive strategy to avoid any deflection in the circle leading to own goals,\" added Saini.Ace drag-flicker VR Raghunath said: \"Scoring options are more but defenders will be under pressure while attempting to clear the ball. Besides, the goalkeeper will have to be on his toes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16678031", "title": "The sum of its parts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 2002, the BJP romped home in the race for Gandhinagar in a communally charged atmosphere, bagging 127 assembly seats. Five years later, chief minister Narendra Modi's development-oriented campaign made way for a polarized pitch for votes after the Congress president's 'maut ka saudagar' remark. On both occasions, the BJP won a handsome majority. TOI analyses how different regions of Gujarat reacted to poll pitches of both BJP and Congress - and what lies ahead.Kutch: In 2002, BJP was still suffering the aftershocks of the killer quake that rocked the region a year ago. While post-Godhra violence overshadowed the BJP government's mishandling of quake relief work to some extent, BJP did not score well here despite a saffron surge across the state.In 2007, the party reaped the fruits of development and improved its tally to five seats out of six leaving just one for the Congress.Saurashtra: Considered the fortress of former chief minister Keshubhai Patel, BJP still found support in the peninsula in 2002 and 2007. Contrary to poll pundit predictions, BJP performed well in this region in 2007 despite an upset Keshubhai Patel staying away from the campaign. But 2012 could be a different story: Keshubhai has come out openly against Modi and some ministers in the region face strong anti-incumbency.North: This is one region where the BJP has grown stronger. Chief minister Narendra Modi is from this region. The party increased its tally of 18 seats in 2002 to 25 in 2007 largely due to the Modi factor. The Sujalam Sufalam irrigation canal - which hit headlines for the wrong reasons - has also helped BJP garner votes here.South Gujarat: A traditional Congress bastion, South Gujarat swung BJP's way a bit in 2002 after the post-Godhra riots. Congress however regained some lost ground in 2007. While Congress hopes to improve its tally further in 2012, BJP is banking on various welfare schemes announced for tribals.Central Gujarat: Another Congress stronghold, voters in central Gujarat surprised everybody by siding with the BJP in the 2002 elections. It was for the first time that pockets of this region saw communal violence. However, 2007 saw a different story unfold with Congress bouncing back mostly because tribal voters returned to the party fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16681822", "title": "Google adds Street View to maps app for mobiles", "text": "LONDON: Now, irritated Apple users need not worry about errors and omissions made in the Maps service, as Google has updated its web-based maps app, which iPhone users can easily access through their mobile's web browser.Google made its Street View product available on mobile web browsers in a bid to lure users away from Apple's failed maps service on the new iPhone 5 .\"To make Google Maps even more comprehensive, accurate and useful, today we're making Street View available on mobile browsers,\" the Daily Mail quoted Amanda Leicht, Product Manager Google Maps, as saying.\"With access to Street View on your phone, you can use panoramic, street-level imagery to explore and navigate the places around you, even on the go,\" Leicht added.According to the paper, the internet search giant is also believed to be working on a map app of its own after Apple dumped it from the built in maps app on iPads and iPhones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679062", "title": "31 more offices for property registrations in state mooted", "text": "PUNE: Thirty-one sub-registrar offices will be opened in the state, including six in Pune, to off load the burden of ever-increasing property registration work. A proposal seeking additions to the existing 464 offices across the state is under consideration.Inspector General of Registration (IGR) and Controller of Stamps of the state S Chockalingam told TOI: \"The second highest revenue generating office in the state is going for a make over as all the offices are being modernized with computers and internet connectivity. At present, one needs to spend over half an hour at the sub-registrar's office to register an agreement. The changes are aimed at completing property registration process in minimum time.\"The IGR processed 23,13,484 property documents which fetched a revenue of Rs 14,500 crore during 2011-12. In the previous fiscal, the office had processed 23,18,618 property documents and collected Rs 13,413 crore.\"There is tremendous pressure on all sub-registrar offices as there has been a steady increase in property deals, purchase and sale deeds, leave and licence agreements. The department finds it difficult to get proper place for setting up new offices to absorb the increasing workload,\" Chockalingam said.The department has already received permission for setting up 29 offices in Mumbai, Thane and Pune, of which six are in Pune city. Two of them have started functioning. The 31 new offices proposed are in rest of the Maharashtra, excluding these three districts, he added.Chockalingam said, \"The IGR office has decided to run its office in two shifts (7 am to 2 pm and 2 pm to 9 pm) for working people who are short of time. One such office is at Kothrud, besides those in Mumbai and Thane that run on a pilot basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678436", "title": "Sec 17: Free parking to chaos", "text": "CHANDIGARH: These days you may not have to pay for parking your vehicle in two unmanned lots in Sector 17, however the little saving you make comes at a cost. There is random parking and no parking attendants to help you, if a car with a hand break on is parked right behind yours.Parking in two lots \u2014 situated in front and behind Empire Store \u2014 is free these days, as the parking contractor has left these after giving notice to the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation.According to sources in the parking wing of the civic body, the contractor had not been willing to run the parking lots since the last over six months and he had been telling the authorities that he would be giving these up. But initially he was told to complete his term and later the authorities extended his term for one month. After that the contractor gave in writing that he cannot run the lots, as it was not financially viable for him. And after the completion of this extension period, he gave up the responsibility of running these parking lots a few days ago.Kashmira Singh, superintendent of parking wing of the MC said, \"The contractor was not willing to run these lots and he submitted his request in this regard to the authority and left the lots. We will soon hold an auction for the running these parking lots.\"These two parking lots have a capacity of around 300 four-wheelers and around 700 two-wheelers. The annual base price of both of these lots was around Rs 31 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16679281", "title": "Modi must declare his expenses: Bapa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) president Keshubhai Patel on Wednesday said CM Narendra Modi should first make his own expenses on foreign trips public before raising questions over expenditure incurred on Sonia Gandhi's tours.Patel, who will contest the assembly elections from Visavadar in Junagadh district, told the media, \"Modi should first inform the public about the money spent from the state exchequer on his foreign trips. Then, he has the right to question others.\"Modi had sought answers from the Centre regarding the Congress president's foreign trips, alleging that it had cost the exchequer Rs 1,880 crore.However, according to a Vadodara-based RTI activist Trupti Shah, the ruling BJP government in Gujarat had denied information about travelling expenses incurred by Modi and cabinet colleagues for attending a series of conference across the state in 2007.When asked about his party's preparedness for polls, Patel remarked that GPP was ready to contest the elections from all the 182 assembly constituencies. Patel said, \"Even after Garib Kalyan Melas, the poor are suffering. I have gauged the mood of the people and can assure you that in these elections, people will come out and vote overlooking the caste, community and religion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "dahod", "code": "16679264", "title": "Sonia\u2019s speech had no substance at all\u2019", "text": "DAHOD: A day after UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi tore into his government's performance at Rajkot, chief minister Narendra Modi sharpened his attack on her, saying that her speech was devoid of any substance and charged Congress with defaming Gujarat by spreading canards.Addressing the first rally after assembly polls were announced in the state, Modi also launched a scathing attack on the Congress \"cheating\" people by failing to honour its promises, especially reining in skyrocketing prices, made ahead of 2009 elections.\"The Congress had assured that it would curb price rise within 100 days of coming to power, prior to 2009 elections.... Have they been able to do so?\" Modi asked the gathering to which they said a \"no\". Modi again asked them is this not called cheating, to which the crowed affirmed in unison.\"They (Congress) are scared and are speaking carefully... fearing that if anything wrong is uttered the people of state might go against them, leading to party's wipeout,\" he said.Gandhi launched Congress's poll campaign by addressing a huge rally in Rajkot but avoided any reference to his allegations on the expenditure on her foreign trips.He also exuded confidence that a repeat of last assembly polls will take place in Gujarat, when Congress had to bite the dust in Chhota Udepur, a tribal belt, from where Sonia Gandhi flagged of its poll campaign in the state.\"In the 2007 assembly polls, Congress had to face defeat in Chhota Udepur, from where Sonia had launched its election campaign. Likewise, they shall lose the Rajkot seat this time, from where they have started their poll campaign,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677181", "title": "Monsoon rain recharges Allahabad's falling water table", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The sufficient monsoon rain in August and September recharged the water table in the localities which were at the danger level during the pre-monsoon period.The minimum level of underground water should be around eight metres, but there just three localities in the city where the level was above eight metres. However, in the post-monsoon period now around a dozen localities have touched this level. According to the data provided by the state ground water department, the rain in August and September substantially recharged the underground water in the district, especially in the areas which supports majority of population.In the pre-monsoon period, only Transport Nagar, South Malaka and Rajapur had water level above the eight metres level. Situation in various localities including Civil Lines (27.30 metres below the surface level), Jhalwa (24.30 mt) Katra (24.6 mt), Prayag (22.5 mt) Bamraulli (21.7 mt) Kucthery (20.65 mt) Beli Hospital (19.35 mt) etc, the water level had reached an alarming point.Water level at Civil Lines, which had declined upto 27.3 metres, has now improved and stands at 24.6 metres, still way short of minimum required level. Similarly, in localities like Jhalwa, the water level now stands at 21.30 mt, while at Sadar Tehsil (Katra) it has improved to 23.35 mt. At Bamraulli the recharged water has improved upto 19.35 mt, Beli Hospital (19.10 mt) etc.As per the data recorded on August 10, the water level at almost all the localities of the city, water level has improved to around two metres. Speaking on the improved water table, executive engineer of state water ground department, Samvedi said the under ground water level at Rajapur now stands at 2.40 mt, at Transport Nagar it is 3.40 mt, South Malaka 4.35, Bairana, which had recorded water level at 9.10 mt in June now has water level at 6 metres, he added.At Allahapur, it was 10.20 mt in June but in August it was 6.90 metres, at Georgetown it has improved to three metres and now stands at 6.60 mt.The water level at Tagore Town has improved by over 7 metres as the water level in June was 10.15 mt and now it is 3.25 mt. At Katghar it is 8.20 mt, Ashok Nagar 12 mt, Dhoomanganj 12.40 mt. Similarly, there are many other localities wherein underground water level has improved. At Newa it is 10.65 mt, Kasari Masari 13.80 mt, Daraganj 10.90 mt, Khuldabad 8.70 mt, Rasoolabad 11.45 mt, etc.\"If a certain region receives heavy rainfall, it means that the underground water sources would be recharged, whereas it is better to have periodic rainfall but the heavy rainfall has substantially improved the water level,\" said AR Siddiqui, geography department, Allahabad University. People should, meanwhile, maintain the water table as it will get recharged only in the next monsoon season, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16685300", "title": "The Prophet, messenger of peace", "text": "Negative portrayal of Islam has resulted in a lack of appreciation of its history and culture, particularly of the love, passion and veneration Muslims have for Prophet Muhammad. For Muslims, he is the most perfect of creation and an exemplar for mankind as the Quran testifies. Muslims model their entire life around the life of their beloved Prophet. Mercy, peace and compassion are the foundations of the Prophetic Message. Muhammad famously said, ''The best of Islam is to feed the hungry, and offer (salaams) blessings of peace to those who you know and those who you do not know.'' He reminded people that, ''All of mankind belongs to God's family.''The Holy Book records how through centuries, most prophets of God including Muhammad have been insulted, mocked and rejected. Before all of Mecca embraced Islam, many desert Arabs were rude to him, but he returned their rudeness with kindness. They called him a magician, impostor and hurled abuses at him. The famous poets among the pagan Arabs wrote poetry that ridiculed him and God's message. When his faithful companions got agitated and wanted to take revenge, Muhammad told them to exercise patience and God consciousness. It was amidst great opposition and difficulties that Muhammad furthered God's message, sacrificing his wealth, family, health and personal comfort.When Muhammad invited the people of Taif to Islam, they not only rejected his message, but hurled stones at him and he had to take shelter in an orchard outside Taif, covered in his own blood. He prayed for forgiveness of the transgressors saying, ''Forgive them O lord, for they know not what they do.''Uncompromising in the pursuit for social justice, Muhammad remained a passionate defender of the oppressed, the poor, slaves, women and children. He warned of extremism, a recognised discourse even during his time. He said, ''Moderation! Moderation! For only with moderation will you succeed.'' He retained strong ties with members of different clans and his kin who had not accepted Islam, He continued social and financial interactions with non-Muslims based on trust and mutual respect.Prophet Muhammad said a strong person is one who controls his anger. A hot-headed Arab came to him for advice on how to apply Islam to his life and the Prophet just said ''don't get angry''. To another seeker all that the Prophet advised was ''never tell a lie''. He stressed on the necessity of being kind to one's neighbour. He said the best way to judge character was to ask the neighbours of what they thought of the man or woman. His revered companions were known not to eat their meals before making sure that all the people in the neighbourhood had enough to eat.The Medina Document was written during the life of the Prophet after he established the first Islamic state. The Jews, Christians, pagans and Muslims were all signatories to this Charter that declared them equal citizens of Medina without being assimilated into one religion, language and culture. There was never to be any compulsion in religion. Muhammad created a community that was not based on tribes or blood but ideology, but he never imposed ideological conformity. With the rise in prejudices and the rhetoric of hate, it is time to overcome religious bigotry and revisit the true legacy of Prophet Muhammad.sadiafeedback@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "z-morh, sonmarg", "code": "16677020", "title": "Rahul Gandhi falls back on family ties to woo Kashmiris", "text": "Z-MORH, SONMARG: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi arrived in Jammu &amp; Kashmir on Thursday amid reports of growing differences between his party and ruling coalition partner National Conference and threat to panchayat members. He identified himself as a Kashmiri to reach out to the people and said he wanted to understand their pain.\"I want to hear you, understand your problems and work for their redressal,\" said Rahul.At the foundation stone laying ceremony of the 6.5 km Z-Morh tunnel at Sonamarg, about 85 km from Srinagar to be built in five years by the Border Roads Organisation, Rahul said, \"I am from a Kashmiri family and want to have lifelong relations with the people of J&amp;K.; No power can separate us.\"The Z-Morh tunnel on the Srinagar-Leh section of the NH 1 is the first step towards all-weather road connectivity in the state. Another tunnel would be built at Zojila Pass about 22 km from Z-Morh tunnel.Rahul wanted the youth of J&K; to be involved in the development of the state. \"Every state has enjoyed its share in the development process. J&K; also deserves all-round development and economic welfare,\" Rahul said.Rahul recalled the close ties between CM Omar Abdullah's grandfather Sheikh Abdullah and his great grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru and his father Rajiv Gandhi's relations with Omar's father Farooq Abdullah. He wanted to work with Omar Abdullah similarly for the betterment of J&amp;K.;Omar reciprocated with fond memories of the ties between his family with the Gandhis and called Rahul a \"personal friend\".Omar said attempts were made to address the Kashmir issue. \"My grandfather (Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah) and Jawahar Lal Nehru joined hands for the progress of this state and country. Then Rajiv-Farooq accord happened. The agenda was one that somehow the political issues of J&K; be solved through dialogue,\" he said.Farooq Abdullah said there would be problems along their way but they should remain steadfast in their endeavours. \"Jawaharlal Nehru and Sheikh Abdullah joined hands for a progressive Kashmir. You (Rahul and Omar) should carry forward that work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16679084", "title": "19-year-old girl, who celebrated birthday on Tuesday, found dead", "text": "PUNE: A birthday celebration took a bizarre turn for the Mumbai-based Hasan family when their 19-year-old daughter, a student of a prominent college in Vimannagar, was found dead at a friend's flat in Brahma Sun City in Wadgaonsheri on Wednesday.The deceased, Sanam Hasan from Andheri (west), had celebrated her birthday with her classmates in the flat on Tuesday night, the Yerawada police said. While the post-mortem report is awaited, a case of accidental death has been registered by the police.Hasan began vomiting during the party, and was given some lemon juice by her friends and made to sleep in the bedroom. When she did not wake up at 9 am on Wednesday, her friends rushed her to Ruby Hall Clinic and informed her parents staying at a hotel in Pune. She was proclaimed dead by the doctors on arrival.Sanam, a second-year student of a fashion designing course in Symbiosis College, Vimannagar, stayed in the college hostel and worked part-time at a garment shop in a mall on the Pune-Ahmednagar road.Senior inspector Kishore Jadhav, incharge of the Yerawada police station, told TOI on Thursday that her parents and brother had come from Mumbai to celebrate Sanam's birthday. They had checked into a hotel in Wadgaonsheri.However, the teenager wanted to celebrate with her friends and took permission from her parents to attend the bash at a friend's flat.\"We have recorded the statements of her parents, brother and her friends. The victim's viscera has been preserved for experts' opinion,\" Jadhav said.When contacted, Symbiosis Society's dean (administration) Brig (retd) K K V Khanzode said, \"Sanam had left the girls' hostel along with her parents on the evening of October 3 after her parents requested the hostel authorities to allow her a night out for celebrating her birthday. The institute had taken necessary steps before allowing Sanam to go with her parents. We do concede to such requests since it was from the parents for an occasion like her birthday.\"Khanzode said it was a family get-together following which Sanam joined her friends at another place with permission from her parents. \"What we have learnt is that after partying with her friends late into the night on Tuesday, Sanam suffered a bout of vomiting early in the morning on Wednesday and was taken to the Ruby Hall Clinic where she was declared brought dead following a medical inspection,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16677692", "title": "Animal lovers make unique trolley for limbless calf", "text": "NASHIK: Animal lovers and veterinary doctor Sanjay Gaikwad have created a trolley for a calf born without any limb and that was abandoned by its owner from a village in Igatpuri. The trolley facilitates movement, ventilation and comfort for the two-month old male calf.\"The trolley is one of its kind and designed especially for the limbless calf. The calf used to lie in the same position for hours and used to get injured on the rough surface. It would urinate in the same place, making him prone to infection,\" informed Dr Gaikwad.When animal lovers and Dr Gaikwad got a call about the calf found abandoned at the Jain temple in Vilholi, they decided to give it a better life. \"One Bhausaheb Rao, a resident of Mukane in Igatpuri tehsil left this ten month old Dangi breed calf at the Jain Temple. We had examined this calf then and had decided that if it survives, we will decide what we can do for it,\" said Dr Gaikwad.He designed the trolley and got it made with the help of funds from the trustees of the temple. The trolley is made of iron mesh that not only aids in air circulation but also helps the urine pass through the mesh. This prevents infection and sores. The trolley can be taken anywhere by anyone so that the calf is not at one place for long. The mesh has been covered with some grass for its comfort.He said that the trolley was covered on the top so that the calf could be protected from the sun. \"The calf should be in comfort till it survives and now with this trolley its life span will increase because infection, injuries and sores that are caused by friction on the ground and lying in one place will now be prevented,\" said Dr Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16681472", "title": "Democracy most unsatisfactory form of government: Jaswant Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Have empty rituals become substitutes of principles on which our Parliament and democratic system stands? Whom actually do our governments, any of them represent? Where did India stand in the comity of nations earlier and what is our role in international affairs now? These are few of the questions raised by former Union minister Jaswant Singh in his latest book.\"In each parliament session there is still a joint sitting, an address and a formal announcement of our government's programme but all sadly now not so inspiring. I am assailed by gnawing doubts about functioning of our Parliament and about our democratic system,\" says veteran leader in the book in an article titled 'Irrelevance of Parliament and its MPs'.\"The audacity of opinion \u2014 Reflections, journeys and musings,\" by Amaryllis publications is the compilation of essays written by Jaswant Singh over the years on a broad spectrum of issues which he says, India has been facing in the past and which continue to exist even today.At the function where the book was launched, Jaswant Singh however evaded the question about the recent session of Parliament been stalled by his own party.\"Parliament in our theory is the custodian of liberties, a watch dog body over misgovernance, a check over the executive, infact its no longer so, \" he said adding, \" The theoretical system of 'checks and balances' has lost nearly all its balance, the only check there is with the government, a check of their own incompetence'.Singh, who having served eight terms in Parliament has witnessed different phases of Indian politics during his career says, \" There is a corresponding parliamentary myth that those of us who sit in Parliament as representatives of people, meaningfully influence the government's thinking.\"\"If, as we all know, the ruling party is not able to do so, for reasons which are by now, obvious enough to the whole of the country, then how on earth is the opposition expected to do that?\" he asks.Recalling the time when he penned down these articles, Singh says \" I am greatly struck as to how these issues have remained constant over decades. Is it because we do not have the ability to change or we are comfortable with the disorder of the present.\"According to Singh, \"Democracy is the most unsatisfactory form of govt' until as Churchill as said 'You start examining others'\".\"Unfortunately whenever we talk of a reform of the system, we rarely go further than suggesting, either alternative ways of counting these votes or of a different apportioning of the consequent seats in the legislature, or of actual system of governance, through which we wish to translate this people's will into executive action\" he says.The book includes essays on wide spectrum of issues touched by Singh in his writing over the years like Assam accord, terrorism in Punjab, the challenges of diplomacy, the politics of secularism, credibility stakes, PM's trip abroad and much more.However the book is not just a compilation of serious and analytical pieces of writings by him but also pieces laced with wry humour like 'Sex and public life', 'Raid Raj', 'Bureaucrats and Bureaukrats', 'Rama-Ravan' elections, 'Brass tracks to Brass flaps' among others.Singh who has authored twelve books including 'Jinnah: India, Partition, Independence' and 'A call to honour in service of emergent India' says, \"In the very writing of all articles, is implicit arrogance. But there is yet another elemental quest, and not simply arrogance. The quest of finding answers to the challenge of our times which continue to trouble us even today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677552", "title": "Touts in the driver's seat at RTO", "text": "NAGPUR: Unauthorized agents are back and thriving at the Regional Transport Office at Giripeth, which is evident from the presence of tout Mahendra Wasnik, who was caught a month ago by anti-corruption bureau sleuths taking a bribe of Rs 200 outside the chamber of assistant regional transport officer Sudhakar Dani. However, after securing bail, the 42-year-old tout is back in business.Even as touts are ruling the roost at the RTO, authorities have failed to act. Citizens, who are the ultimate sufferers of this irregularity, rue that no work can be done without these agents who virtually run a parallel RTO.When team TOI visited the RTO premises on Thursday, it found touts doing a brisk business. In fact, illegal agents had intermingled with the RTO staff at some counters. Sources said that there may be more than 500 agents at the RTO, clearly outnumbering the official staff.The team also spotted a dozen touts literally swamp their potential clients as soon as they enter the RTO premises, with a query 'sahab kya kaam hai (sir, any work to be done)?'. Nagpur RTO issues around 500 licences, both permanent and learning, daily. On enquiring, over a dozen licence seekers revealed that they had approached agents to get their job done.Moreover, encroachments have mushroomed on the RTO premises and outside, obstructing smooth movement of vehicles that come for passing. Traffic jams are a routine.Tea and snacks stalls have captured the ground for vehicle passing at the backyard. Despite getting around 10,000 visitors daily, there is no canteen on the premises.Apart from the touts, several photo studios and vendors have illegally set up their shops on the premises. Some of them also sell forms for learning, permanent and renewal of driving licences.Despite high court's directives, the transport department has failed to free the RTO premises from the clutches of touts, lamented a few visitors.Pointing at the brazen attitude of the touts, president of International Society for Road Transport and Safety Sudhir Deshpande said, \"Earlier, the touts used to operate clandestinely but now they do it openly. They charge anything between Rs200 and Rs600 for arranging a driving licence. If the RTO cannot keep a check on the touts then it should at least regularize their activity like that in the case of stamp vendors.\"Agents have extended their 'workplace' even outside the RTO premises. Dozens of agents, eateries and pan stalls have encroached upon the parking space constructed by the Nagpur Improvement Trust outside the RTO off Amravati road.Despite repeated attempts, RTO S Shelke was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16679008", "title": "28,000 towers, 150 complaints but only six members in monitoring cell", "text": "MUMBAI: If your complaint of high radiation (more than prescribed limit of 450 milliwatts/sq m) from cell towers around your home or office establishes the fact, the tower owner will be fined Rs 5 lakh for each offending tower.Moreover, the charge of Rs 4,000 initially to be paid by you to the department of telecommunications to check the radiation, will be returned by the tower owner through the department. Over 160 people in the city have already sought checks on radiation levels in their vicinity, citing growing headaches, sleep disturbances and even miscarriages as after-effects of towers.Inaugurating the helpline and web portal on which citizens can complain against cell towers in their areas, mnister of state for telecommunications Milind Deora, \"If a tower does not comply with the norms, the complainant will not have to pay the fees but the tower's owners, maybe operators, will have to pay the fees besides the fine.\" But if a complaint is found frivolous then the fee of Rs 4000 will not be returned.Interestingly, of the 160 complaints received by the Telecom Enforcement and Resource Monitoring (TERM) cell, only 12 have been checked so far as the cell, with its present strength of six officials, can't conduct monitor more than one complaint a week. Monisha Biswas of the TERM cell said the team had many other responsibilities besides checking complaints. Biswas said a majority of the 160 complainants were apprehensive about the effects of radiation on their health. \"The complaints show panic among people living closer to radiation towers. A lady complainant said she doubted radiation as the reason behind her miscarriages,\" said Biswas.Deora said to address complaints, the TERM cell will therefore conduct necessary tests at the tower sites with the help of Telecommunications Consultants India Ltd (TCIL), a public sector unit under the ministry of communications and IT and an independent body. \"Five teams of TCIL will handle 15 complaints daily. Test reports will also be uploaded on the web-portal for appraisal of the respective complainants in an interactive manner. This exercise will be in addition to the test audit being conducted by TERM cell on a random basis covering up to 10% of the tower sites,\" said Deora. Citizens can also contact TERM cell through phone 28574300, fax-28573535 and email - .Local self-government bodies will also play a crucial role in curbing the menace of cell tower radiations. The Union telecommunications ministry has sought the help of all states and municipalities to frame and implement rules so that illegal and dense mushrooming of cell towers can be avoided. Deora said he had already written to chief secretaries and municipalities to act together by framing rules according to DoT norms for controlling cell tower installations and their maintenance looking into the health aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678485", "title": "Reddy in the dock", "text": "BANGALORE: The cup of woes of Reddy brothers is not over. On Thursday, Bellary police filed a chargesheet against BJP MLA G Somasekhara Reddy , brother of arrested mining baron G Janardhana Reddy, and 13 others for alleged complicity in giving death threat to a forest official investigating illegal mining in the district. The chargesheet named Somasekhara Reddy as the main accused. He is in judicial custody in Hyderabad following his arrest in the alleged cash-for-bail scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16678227", "title": "Road, water resources departments hope to get Rs 1241cr reimbursed", "text": "PATNA: The water resources department (WRD) fears it may have to suffer like the road construction department (RCD) which has been seeking reimbursement of the amount spent on repairing the arteries of national highways (NHs) with the state government resources.The RCD spent Rs969 crore on the repair of 1,200km of NH during 2005-2007, but the Centre has not yet reimbursed the amount despite efforts made by CM Nitish Kumar and RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav .The WRD has been implementing five different projects worth over Rs272 crore under flood management programme (FMP) with money provided from the state plan in anticipation that the Centre would reimburse the money. The Centre has to reimburse over Rs1241 crore to the two state departments.\"Before 2005, 1,200km of NH in the state was not only in bad shape but not motorable. We spent Rs969 crore from the state plan, but the Centre has been indifferent to our demand for the reimbursement of the money we spent,\" said RCD minister, adding: \"The CM has also tried at his own level. They are not paying any heed to our demand. Yet, for us, the issue is not dead. We still persist on our demand.\"For the WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, the opening, however, is that the five projects are not yet fully completed. \"Major parts of the projects are complete. We are hopeful about the reimbursement since the projects would be complete by early next year,\" Choudhary said. He said the five projects had been approved by the Centre.The rules governing the FMP projects warrant that the Centre and the state share the expenditure in 75:25 ratio. It is, however, learnt that the Centre has not yet released even a part of its share, even as the projects have been under implementation since last year.The five FMP projects concerned are Bagaha Town Protection Project (Rs58 crore), raising and strengthening of the embankment between Adhwara and Khirai rivers (Rs167 crore), Ismailpur-Bindtoli protection works (Rs23 crore), Gandak Pipra-Piprasi embankment and anti-erosion work (Rs14.50 crore) and Ramayanpur anti-flood work (Rs10 crore).Bullets:Over Rs1,241 crore spent from the state plan to be reimbursed by the CentreRCD spent Rs969 crore on the repair of 1,200km of national highways in the state during 2005-07WRD is spending Rs272.50 crore on five projects", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16675401", "title": "Green cover at 12% but GHMC content to make small gains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nominal steps, rather than effective ones, seem to sum up Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC)'s approach in improving the biodiversity strength of the city. Among the parameters that make up the biodiversity index of a city, constitution of a biodiversity management committee would fetch it a score of four points. Therefore, the civic body wants to set up just such a committee in the next few days in order to improve its performance on that index.Addressing a news conference on Thursday, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said that the Greater Hyderabad City Biodiversity Index has been prepared by the corporation in light of CoP-11. The city has scored 30 out of a total possible 92 points on the index. \"This index would be released during the City Summit, 'Cities for Life' (as part of CoP-11), to be held on October 15 and 16,\" he said. The commissioner said that the City Biodiversity Index, 2012, has been prepared based on the latest user manual endorsed by the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) and the discussion documents of the Singapore National Parks Department.As per the index, Greater Hyderabad has only 12% green cover in a total area of 625sq.km. Out of the 95 types of fishes that were once found in Hyderabad, only 18 survive at present. \"GHMC has secured 30 of 92 in the study which is based on 23 indicators like declared wildlife, birds' sanctuary, allocation for biodiversity in the budget, horticulture and greenery, students' exposure to biological diversity, etc.The commissioner added that this score could be improved by making changes to the relevant ongoing projects in the city. \"The performance can be improved by constituting a biodiversity management committee as per the national biodiversity action plan and the same has now been proposed for the city. That would add four more points to our tally. Similarly, developing partnerships with UN agencies and sister cities on biodiversity and developing more theme parks with native species will bring more points,\" Krishna Babu said.On the 'Cities for Life' conference, the commissioner said nearly 200 participants from 46 countries and many Indian cities would take part in the conference, especially mayors, commissioners and deputy mayors who will give a presentation on their respective cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16678631", "title": "Banaras Hindu University VC wins MV Pylee award for best academician", "text": "VARANASI: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) vice chancellor and renowned molecular biology scientist Dr Lalji Singh has won the 7th MV Pylee award for the best academician.The MV Pylee award was constituted in year 1996 in honour of Cochin University's former vice chancellor MV Pylee. The award includes Rs 2 lakh, a memento and citation for excellence in teaching and research and contribution to academic community. It is awarded once every three years.BHU spokesperson Prof Rajesh Singh said, \"We are really excited to know that our vice chancellor has been honoured with the MV Pylee award.\" Dr Lalji Singh is the founder director of Laboratory for the conservation of endangered species (LaCONES) in Hyderabad and the brain behind the Centre for DNA fingerprinting and diagnostics (CDFD). He serves as a fellow in Indian national science academy, national academy of medical science, and Italy's third world academy of science.Born on July 5, 1947 in Jaunpur district of eastern UP, Dr Singh rose to the level of director of one of the premier institutions in the field of cellular and molecular biology, Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad. Popularly known as Lalji, he obtained his Bachelors Degree in Sciences (BSc) in 1964. He was awarded BHU Gold Medal for standing first in order of merit in MSc Zoology examination of 1966.During 1970 to 1972, Singh was Research Associate at the Department of Zoology, BHU and later on the pool officer at Calcutta University in 1974. He was awarded Commonwealth Fellowship in 1974 to carry out research at the Edinburgh University, UK from 1974 to 1976. Later, he worked as Research Associate in two stints (1977-79 and 1979-87) at the same university.In June 1987, Singh came back to India and joined Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad as senior scientist. Areas of his research interest involve molecular basis of sex determination, DNA fingerprinting, wildlife conservation, silkworm genome analysis, human genome and ancient DNA studies.Singh and his colleagues developed a probe called Bkm-derived probe for DNA fingerprinting which brought CCMB to limelight. Since then this probe is being extensively used for forensic investigation, paternity determination and seed stock verification. These include sensational cases of assassination of the late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , and the famous tandoor case of Naina Sahni. This fetched him and his group CSIR Technology Award for the year 1992 for biological sciences.This unique work of Singh prompted Government of India's Department of Biotechnology (DBT) to form autonomous institution \"Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD)\" in 1995. As its Officer-on-Special-Duty (OSD), he worked towards development, acquisition and standardization of protocols for carrier detection, prenatal diagnosis and genetic counseling for all the genetic disorders prevalent within India.He has published more than 80 research papers in reputed national and international journals. Member of many professional and academic bodies, Singh has organized several training programs and participated in more than a dozen collaborative research works.Singh has earlier been honoured with many prestigious awards which include; VASVIK Research Award (1992), Renbaxy Research Award (1994), Prof SP Ray-Chaudhari 75th Birthday Endowment Lecture Award (1994), Prof Vishwa Nath Memorial Lecture Award (1995), Jagdish Chandra Bose Award for research in Life Sciences (1995), Haldane Oration Medal (1996), Sri Om Prakash Bhasin Award for Science &amp; Technology (1996), Padmabhushan Dr P S Siva Reddy Endowment Award (1997), Joy Govind Law Memorial Medal of 1997, Dr. Yellapragada Subbarow Memorial Oration (1998), Indian Academy of Neurology Oration (1998), Honorary Professor, University of Hyderabad (1998) and Scroll of Honour - Outstanding Forensic Expert Award (1998).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16677183", "title": "Army nod to Hills water project", "text": "Darjeeling: After a delay of six years, work for the Balason water project in Darjeeling is finally expected to take off. The Army has given its consent to laying of pipelines in its area and will soon issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC).Members of the Concerned Citizen's Association (CCA), a local social organization, confirmed on Thursday that they had met Army officials in Darjeeling some days back who assured them of the NOC.\"We met the Army officials based in Jalapahar, Darjeeling a few days back with the NOC issue that is stalling the water project. The project is expected to solve the water crisis in Darjeeling.The officials assured us that the NOC would be provided within a month's time,\" said J B Edwards, secretary of the association.It was in 2006 that the foundation stone for the two-stage water pumping project was laid by then Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharya . With a estimated cost of Rs 55 crore, the project is being executed by Hyderabad-based Ramky Infrastructure Limited.Though the company had set a 24-month deadline for the project, the Army refused to issue an NOC. The political turmoil in the Hills delayed the project further.CCA in fact had to file an RTI petition to know the status of work. \"We did not have any option but to file the RTI since despite repeated appeals we received no reply from the authorities concerned,\" pointed out Edwards.Pipelines from Balason to Sinchel in Jorebungalow have already been laid. But, a six-kilometer pipeline in the Army area in Jalapahar and Katakpahar is yet to be laid.Army officials in Darjeeling were, however, unavailable for comments.However, even if the Army gives the NOC within this month, work will begin only after three months. \"We have found that work of laying the present pipeline is not satisfactory. These may give rise to other problems which need to be looked into immediately,\" pointed out the association secretary.The project when completed will supply water to the Darjeeling Municipality areas and villages covering a command area of 10.36 square km. At present, the town requires nearly 15 lakh gallons of water daily. However, in contrast during peak season the town receives 8-9 million gallons of water which drastically drops to about 4-5 million gallons in lean periods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16682436", "title": "SC seeks clarification on legal sanctity behind FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has sought clarification on legal sanctity behind the Union government's policy decision to allow FDI in retail sector.The apex court has sought the assistance of top law officers, that of the attorney general or the solicitor general, in hearing a petition against the opening of the multi brand retail sector to foreign direct investment (FDI).Without issuing notice to the Centre, a bench of justices R M Lodha and A R Dave asked the petitioner to serve the copy of the petition to attorney general (AG) G E Vahanvati or solicitor general (SG) Rohinton Nariman saying it needs some necessary clarification on the issue.The bench, which posted the matter for hearing on October 12, directed the petitioner to delete the name of the Prime Minister as a party in the petition.While seeking the assistance of top law officers, the bench said, \"We just want to have little clarity on the issue\" as some link is missing.During an hour-long hearing, the bench said opening the retail sector to FDI is a policy matter and \"policy is exclusively in the domain of the government of the day. Some may say it is good and some may say it is bad but nothing is ultra vires.\"\"These are matters dealt with exclusively by ministries,\" the bench further observed.The court was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) petition filed by advocate M L Sharma who has alleged that the notification was issued without the authority of law as approval of neither the President nor Parliament was secured.The bench, however, observed that \"this assumption that the policy has to be in the name of the President is flawed and unfounded.\"(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16681713", "title": "Kim Kardashian can't imagine life without Kanye", "text": "Kim Kardashian , who has already had two failed marriages, has opened up about her romance with Kanye West , admitting that she can't imagine being with anyone apart from the rapper for the rest of her life.Posing in a white bridal-style gown in a stunning new shoot, the 31-year-old reality star explained that West is her \"best friend\" and their relationship is entirely different from anything she has ever been through before.\"It's so nice to have a best friend in this game who understands everything you're going through. Being with someone I've known for so many years is comforting,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling Tatler magazine.\"He's been there through so many different stages of my life and before I was famous, so this relationship is a different thing entirely. It's good to be aware that he definitely doesn't want anything from me too, because he understands the business.\"I can't even think about being with anyone else than the man I'm with,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16678514", "title": "Regional parties only hope: HD Kumaraswamy", "text": "BANGALORE: JD(S) state president HD Kumaraswamy wants the people of Karnataka to go the West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Tamil Nadu way, for he thinks regional parties are the only hope to protect the state's interests. BANGALORE: During an interaction with the media jointly organized by the Bangalore Press Club and Bangalore Reporters' Guild here on Thursday, Kumaraswamy cited the Cauvery issue and said the situation would have been different if Karnataka were ruled by a regional party, like in Tamil Nadu.\"Both the national parties have failed to protect the state's interests. The only hope is the regional parties. TMC in West Bengal, DMK and AIADMK in Tamil Nadu, SP and BSP in UP and JD(U) in Bihar have shown the way.As it is the era of coalition politics at the Centre , the regional parties have gained huge bargaining powers ,'' he said. Asked about the contradictory action by his party on the Cauvery issue, he said: \"There is no contradiction. Our legislators decided to quit to extend support to the agitation and to protect the interests of the farmers. A final call on the resignations will be taken by HD Deve Gowda (party president).''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677355", "title": "National seminar on cultivation of guar gum", "text": "NAGPUR: Guar gum has emerged as a profitable crop, even topping the export list of the country this year. The state agriculture department along with city-based Pacific Agro group and NCDEX Mumbai have organized a national seminar and agri-tour on Sunday to increase awareness about the crop and its usage.The seminar would be followed by a field visit to a plantation. Vice chancellor of RTM Nagpur University Vilas Sapkal, joint director of state agriculture department JC Bhutada and AB Rogde of Marathwada Agriculture University would be the guests at the seminar.\"The guar seed has a high amount of edible gum. It has tremendous economic potential, that is encouraging farmers from various states to cultivate it. In Rajasthan, only one crop is taken a year but the climatic conditions in other parts of the country, especially Vidarbha and Marathwada regions, makes it possible to take two crops a year,\" said Ashok Kumar of Pacific Agro.His partner Bhausaheb Choudhari added, \"Guar gum plantation has increased tenfold in Punjab this year and farmers are shifting from cotton to guar gum crop. This is because of the high demand of this gum in the international market. India fulfils 85% of the global demand of the gum.\"Those wishing to register for the seminar can contact Ashok Kumar on 094228 81280 or Vaibhav on 09970717162 or email herbal_globe@rediffmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677428", "title": "Highest drunk driving challans in a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drunk driving prosecutions in the first nine months this year are the highest ever that have been recorded in a single year for the offence in the past decade. This year, 18,524 people have already been prosecuted which exceeds the number of violations detected in all of last year, numbering 18,073.Last year, 13,331 prosecutions for drunk driving had taken place in the first nine months of the year.\"Drunk driving prosecutions are at an all-time high, and the number of prosecutions this year are likely to exceed 25,000. Strict prosecution and jail terms have made roads in Delhi safer by reducing accidents by almost 18% this year. While day accidents have come down drastically from 813 for the same period last year to 614 this year, night accidents have also declined from 788 to 673. We are the only city in India where accidents have declined for the third year in a row but still a lot has to be done,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.According to traffic police figures, till September 30 this year, 5,304 people have been sent to jail for the offence and 916 drivers' licences have been suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677271", "title": "Civic chief calls back 147 employees working for Orange City Water Limited", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to cope up with staff crunch, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has called back 147 water works department employees, who were attached with Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), to Nagpur Municipal Corporation.In 2011, 427 employees were transferred to a specially formed body called Nagpur Environmental Services Ltd ( NESL). These employees were to work for OCWL, a private operator that took over water works from November 28, 2011.Sources said the civic chief has expressed serious concern over the acute staff shortage at various levels. With almost 25% posts vacant, the civic body is managing the show with in-charge officials occupying top posts or holding additional charges. The worst affected are class III employees, sources said.According to official data, of the 12,596 posts, 3,391 posts, a little over 24%, in various NMC departments and at various levels are lying vacant. The transfer of 427 staffers to OCWL had made the situation very precarious. Many employees from different departments like octroi, revenue etc, working with WWD, too were transferred.Meanwhile, president and national vice-president of youth cell of INTUC Trisharan Sahare on Thursday submitted a memorandum demanding call back of all the 427 NMC employees from OCWL. Sparing such a huge manpower is hitting NMC hard, he claimed. He further explained to the commissioner that if these employees joined back the civic body, then NMC will be able to recover arrears due in both water bills and property tax.Sahare further pointed out that over Rs 50 crore of water bill and Rs 100 core property tax arrears are yet to be recovered. If the civic body manages to recover these outstanding amounts, there will be no need to increase taxes in the next 10 years. He demanded action against WWD executive engineer Shashikant Hastak for the lapse.Considering the staff crunch in NMC, the municipal commissioner has issued call back orders for 147 of the 427 employees currently working for OCWL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16675850", "title": "Kalyan may take a callon 'homecoming' today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Political circles are abuzz with speculation of former chief minister Kalyan Singh's return to the Bharatiya Janata Party . Singh may clear the cloud of uncertainty about his move in Lucknow on Friday when he will to ddress around 500 workers of his Jan Kranti Party led by his son Rajvir Singh.The possibility of his BJP return is being speculated probably because some senior saffron leaders are visiting the state capital around the same time and are likely to make an offer Singh might accept. Sources say modalities would be worked out and Kalyan will get to dictate his terms.When asked pointblank about his next move, the firebrand octogenarian's reply to TOI was little more than a \"Let's see\". All he said was, \"No one from BJP has talked to me.\"Singh has broken away from BJP twice. He first parted ways in 1999-2000 to form his Rashtriya Kranti Party, which continued till the saffron party took him back in February, 2004, eyeing his exceptional following among Lodh Rajputs and the Other Backward Classes. His RKP had, after all, made a dent on the BJP domain ensuring the defeat of its candidates on at least 30 out of 58 seats in and around Aligarh and Bulandshahr.On the agenda of the JKP's meeting on Friday, Singh said discussion will be held on strengthening the organisation and candidates' selection in the light of the Lok Sabha election. The current political situation will also be discussed, he added.In Kalyan Singh's absence from the party fold, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Uma Bharti is the face of BJP in UP. During the UP leg of the ongoing Samagra Ganga Abhiyan between October 9 and 22, Bharti is expected to tread on Kalyan's territory in west and likely to address a public meeting in Debai, the assembly segment from where Kalyan's son Rajvir contested and won the 2012 assembly poll. Sources say if things work out , it just might be that Kalyan Singh shares the dais with the fiery sanyasin. Should Kalyan Singh return to BJP, he could bring along with him bright prospects of at least six Lok Sabha seats secured by his Lodh Rajput and OBC vote banks.Till such time there is a formal announcement, all eyes are on Kalyan's visit to Lucknow and who all meet him while he is here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16677813", "title": "Cine association opposes Central Circuit Cine Association's decision", "text": "INDORE: The Central Circuit Cine Association (CCCA) has gone to the appellate authority of Competition Commission of India against its decision saying that the association should not compel any producer, distributor or exhibitor to become its member as a pre-condition for exhibition of their films in the territories under their control and modify their rules accordingly. The hearing will take place on October 17.CCCA feels that the CCI's decision would favour the interests of corporate houses like Eros International and Reliance Entertainment, marring the interest of various associations in the industry that are active in different parts of the country, including CCCA which covers states like Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Vidarbha &amp; Khandesh regions in Maharashtra.While Reliance Entertainment's film, 'Makkhi' will be hitting the silver screen on October 12, Eros is releasing Prakash Jha's 'Chakravyuh' on 25 October.Talking to ToI, president of CCCA, Santosh Singh Jain said, \"CCCA is committed to work for rational and integrated growth of the film industry in our central circuit and in the country. Making them (associations) a party and issuing the orders is not their (CCI's) part of job. All the remaining seven associations in the industry are with us on the issue.\"\"In fact, the association has imposed pre-mature telecasting penalty on a few of the corporate houses for their alleged violation of self regulation Act, which was reached between producers and film distribution associations and they have paid the amount, which comes to Rs 2.5 lakh in each case, in time. As per the act, film producers will not telecast any film before 12 months of its release, so that distributor can cover his investment from theatrical release\", said Jain, who turns 92 on Friday and who has been elected as CCCA president for record 43 years.Jitendra Jain, general secretary, CCCI, said, \"They (CCI) want to weaken the associations by such act. By not making registration of pictures mandatory with associations before their release will hit the interest of the distributors and exhibitors too.\"Interestingly, both the corporate houses, Eros and Reliance, have renewed their membership with the relevant association even after the CCI's order became effective, said a person familiar with the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677246", "title": "HC moved for stopping state from joining National Eligibility cum Entrance Test", "text": "NAGPUR: A social worker has knocked the judiciary's doors seeking cancellation of Maharashtra government's notifications for joining National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET 2013), the overarching premedical entrance replacing the state-level examinations. Shrikant Khandalkar is the counsel for the petitioner.Mohan Karemore, who had filed several PILs, stated that junior colleges in Maharashtra are conducting education primarily in English, Marathi and Urdu mediums. He contended that till this year, the state Directorate of Medical Education and Research ( DMER) used to conduct MHT-CET for admission to medical and engineering courses in three languages - English, Hindi Marathi and Urdu. However, the Medical Council of India (MCI) has decided to conduct NEET on May 12 next year in English and Hindi languages only.He argued that candidates from states like Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and West Bengal were allowed to opt for question paper in their respective state languages but same facility was not allowed for those in Maharashtra. He further that it will result in a big loss to the students pursuing education in Marathi and Urdu mediums. He termed the state government's attitude towards medical students as discriminatory and its depriving the minority students.Karemore demanded setting aside of state government's notifications of September 12 and 17 to join NEET for the admissions to ayurveda , unani, homeopathy , nursing and other courses. He further insisted on allowing the medical aspirants from Maharashtra to opt for question paper in Marathi and Urdu like allowed for other states. He further sought fulfilling 70% quota for the Vidarbha region in colleges in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16678605", "title": "Thane police stations set up juvenile units", "text": "THANE: The state CID recently issued orders to set up special juvenile police units at each police station. The units are to be headed by an officer of the rank of a sub-inspector. The unit will also comprise probation officer from the women and child welfare department and a member from a voluntary group involved in children's issues.The Thane police commissionerate has appointed as many as three police officers in each of its 35 police stations spread from Thane, Kalyan, Bhiwandi to Badlapur.Juvenile crime has been an area of serious concern for the law enforcing agencies, especially in the metropolitan cities where children in pursuit of a flashy lifestyle and easy money often tend to take to crime.According to the state crime record bureau, from 2005 to 2009, 226 juveniles were involved in murder and attempt to murder cases, while 1,871 were involved in burglary and theft cases.Concerned at the upward surge in criminal cases involving teens,The state had ordered creation of special units in all districts. to ensure effective implementation of the Juvenile and Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000.However, it was revealed that these units were virtually defunct. A study on the state government's approach towards juvenile crime conducted by Assistant Professor Asha Mukundan of the Tata Institute of Social Science (TISS) revealed that the only one juvenile unit was set-up at the police commissionerate level and that too was virtually non-functional.In March 2012, it was the social scientists revealed the shortcomings in dealing with the teenage crime. It was then was decided that special units will be made operational in all police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680016", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor invited for Spanish football", "text": "The actor will fly out of the country day after tomorrow to watch the match between Real Madrid and BarcelonaAfter the success of Barfi! Ranbir Kapoor is surely going places. And his next destination is Spain. However, this time, it isn't for any film project. The actor, who is an ardent lover of football, has been invited for the Spanish La Liga for a match between Real Madrid and Barcelona.Ranbir will be leaving for Spain day after tomorrow after finishing a couple of meetings that have been lined up.\"Team Barcelona extended an invitation to Ranbir for the big game. The team members know him rather well. The last time they met, Ranbir shared some time chatting with them.Infact, Messi also autographed his cap,\" said a source.Needless to say, Ranbir, who will be watching the match from the VIP box of the stadium is very excited about it.Talking about the actor's passion for the game, the source added, \"Ranbir plays football with his school friends in Bandra whenever he gets the time. He also plays the game to support charity causes.\"We sent a text message to Ranbir, but he chose to stay mum about his trip or his favourie sport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16678072", "title": "Kullu netas add \u2018meat\u2019 to their campaign", "text": "MANALI: With Himachal Pradesh all set to go to polls on November 4, netas and party workers are out to get their 'pound of flesh' in Kullu, where no celebration goes without non-vegetarian cuisines. To add meat to their campaigns, politicians and candidates are now making a beeline to houses of shepherds in Kullu to book goats and sheep to be slaughtered for non-vegetarian feasts they organize for villagers to win votes.With the demand rising, shepherds are also making a killing by raising the prices by over 25%. In August, mutton price in the district was Rs 220 per kg; however, after the announcement of elections, the rate has gone up to Rs 280.According to goat farm owners, demand and price for sheep are likely to be doubled a few days before the elections. Local shepherds said their main customers are panchayat pradhans, party workers and other small politicians. A sheep, which could be bought for an average price of Rs 6,000 in August, is now available for not less than Rs 7,500, and the rates are expected to touch Rs 8,500 by the end of October.\"I'm getting calls from politicians and workers to 'reserve' their sheep for them,\" said Amar Singh, a shepherd from Fojal, 20km from Manali. The demand was even higher during the panchayat elections of 2010-11. \"A few people rear sheep and goat in Kullu and very few of them sell it. I sold 18 sheep and goats in September alone. Rise in price is obvious,\" said Amar Singh, who owns around 140 goats and sells almost 200 every year.In their effort to keep party workers' morale high, netas have already started organizing late night dinners and sheep are being slaughtered for each bash. In Kullu, this is also a way to show the financial power and generosity of the candidate.Chandu Ram, another shepherd from Buran village, says slaughtering of sheep, which starts many days before the elections, continues until final results are announced. Interestingly, both the winner and loser in the polls will throw parties to please their workers and voters.According to sources, over 1,500 sheep were slaughtered in 204 panchayats of Kullu during the panchayat elections of 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677560", "title": "'Theatre is the actor's only medium'", "text": "NAGPUR: Her popular tele-serial Gangubai Non-matric brought her into the living rooms of many Marathi households eight years back. But well known Marathi actress Nirrmite Saawaant says she has avoided this powerful medium since then. \"I don't want to be present in the homes of my fans everyday. I want them to come to theatres to watch me,\" says the actress, whose play Jau Bai Jorat has had more than 1,600 shows.In the city for three shows of her play 'Aaho Rahu Dya Na Ghari', Saawaant shared with TOI her views on the expanding mediums available to actors today. Terming theatre as her favourite medium, Nirrmite says it has many advantages, like the live response and the room to improvise and encourage artists to experiment and evolve.\"Every new show provides an opportunity to do something new, unlike a film where your shot, good, bad or ugly, is canned for posterity.\" Terming television as a writer's medium and cinema that of the director, Saawaant adds, \"Theatre is the only medium which belongs to the actor. We control the stage for the entire duration of the show.\"Saawaant agrees that Marathi theatre too is more popular than cinema as the actors are more rooted to the age old forms. \"Most of the artists in Marathi theatre and cinema hail from the Konkan region. For them, performances mean the kind that you do in Dashavtaar or even zhadi patti in Vidarbha. These flavours find favour with the audiences too, making theatre so popular.\"The actress has a short repertoire of Marathi films too and is now testing the waters in Hindi cinema with Rani Mukherjee starrer Aiyyaa. \"This is a crazy film. The setting is that of a Maharashtrian household and I play Rani's mother,\" she says, but adds that she is not very keen on Hindi cinema. \"I'm answerable to my fans and thus don't wish to let them down by doing small insignificant roles in Bollywood.\"Unhappy with the fact that Marathi cinema is floundering for lack of an audience, Saawaant says that the reason is its lack of appeal to the younger generation. \"The average age of audience for Marathi theatre is about 40. Parents today take pride in saying that their children do not speak Marathi. We will have to take the youth into account if we wish to cultivate an audience in the future too,\" she says, adding that multiplexes give early morning slots for regional films, which also discourages viewers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16680712", "title": "Akshay\u2019s 'Khiladi 786' and 'Special Chabbis' are heist dramas", "text": "Two of Akshay Kumar's under-production capers seem to bear more than a passing resemblance to one another. Neeraj Pandey's Special Chabbis(26) is about a daredevil daylight heist undertaken by a group of charlatans posing as government officers assigned to raid a jewellery shop in a busy area of Mumbai.Khiladi 786 is about a family of con-persons who masquerade as cops to carry out brazen fiscal dupe plans. Essentially both films are about a large group of men using the official uniform to commit brazen thefts. Akshay Kumar helms the cast of both the under-production heist capers featuring mainly male members in the cast.Says a source familiar with both projects, \"In theme there are striking similarities between the two. Both are comic heist capers where a closely-knit group of men carry out daring robberies in government uniforms. The difference is Khiladi 786 is more a fantasy comedy about con-jobs while Special Chabbis is based on a real-life heist that was carried out by imposters in 1987.\"While Special Chabbis features Akshay as super con-man Mon Singh who hit headlines in 1987 by recruiting 26 men to raid a well-known jewellery outlet in Mumbai, Khiladi 786 features Akshay as an British-Indin con-man named Tihattar (73)Singh.Says an actor from the film, \"Akshay's father played by Raj Babbar is named Sattar(70) Singh. He is married to an angrez (Caucasian). Akhay's uncle Unhattar Singh (71) is played by Mukesh Rishi(and old friend of Akshay). He is married to a Chinese. Akshay is the first male member in this wacky family to fall in love with an Indian girl. He's egged on by the entire Singh clan to solemnize his relationship with Asin.\"Himesh Reshammiya plays the owner of a marriage-bureau holding a world record for failed marital alliances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679722", "title": "City set to jive with ROCKIT", "text": "JAIPUR: Rock fanatics are raring to go and Pink city is all set to feature the big ticket event called Rockit! Event Crafter, a leading event management organisation with a Jaipur connect, has made elaborate arrangments for the high decibel musical show. The two-day ROCKIT will begin on October 6. Presented by Amity University, Jaipur and partnered by Jaipur Times, ROCKIT is powered by JVC mobile entertainment in association with Hero Motocorp and SBBJ Bank and Hotel Royal Orchid as the hospitality partner. ROCKIT will feature popular bands like Pentagram, Parikrama, Shkabang, Bhayanak Maut, Menwhopause and Barefaced Liar. All the action will take place at the open air theatre at Ravindra Manch. On October 6, Shkabang, with Anushka Manchanda, popular Bollywood singer, actor and VJ in the lead, will be the day's USP. Other bands to play on the same day are Nightwings III and Barefaced Liar. The headline act for Day 1 will feature Parikrama. The lineup for October 7 will be the brilliance of Wintergate, Menwhopause and Bhayanak Maut. However, the headline act for Day II will be the performance of Pentagram. Apart from the rock show, ROCKIT will also have a festive zone for those who attend the fest and there is provision for food &amp; beverages, amazing art and music products and the ROCKIT merchandise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16678047", "title": "Auto network concept finds takers in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Nirmal Kumar, founder of G-Auto in Ahmedabad, spent two days in Chennai talking to police officials and auto driver unions. His proposal to set up a call centre to ensure higher revenue for drivers and a hassle-free journey for commuters received a good respons, Nirmal said.\"If the government comes up with a fare agreeable to the public as well as the auto drivers, we can form a network at the earliest,\" he said. Two big auto driver unions in the city - CITU and AITUC - have agreed to implement their own fares with rate cards if the government does not come up with a revised fare system.Nirmal says his network will strictly follow a fare structure, stock up newspapers and water in autorickshaws and ensure a pleasant journey for the commuter. \"Police have promised full support in terms of mobilising auto drivers and providing parking bays,\" he said.Police now do not take action against overcharging auto drivers as the fares are outdated. \"If the auto drivers come up with their own fare structure that is reasonable and promise to stick to it, we will not interfere,\" said a police officer. According to the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, auto drivers have to ply by the fares set by the government.\"If they are not happy with our fares, we will ask them to revert to us with a justifiable fare,\" said Nirmal.After initial doubts, members of auto driver unions have expressed willingness to join the network. Under the G-Auto scheme, commuters will have to pay Rs 15 to book an autorickshaw through the phone. \"Why should the call centre earn that money when we are the ones driving the auto,\" asked J Seshasayanam, state secretary of the AITUC-affiliated Madras Metro Auto Drivers' Association. Nirmal replied, \"The commuter is coming to your auto because of our staff. We need to pay them.\"Seshasayanam was also worried that his union might disintegrate. \"If our guys join the network, will you give them moral support? If there is a problem with any of our members, everyone is there to support. Will you do the same,\" he asked.Nirmal said the network was purely for business. \"It is not our job. We give you business. There are no political or ideological leanings\" said Nirmal. Members of the CITU-affiliated Auto Driver Welfare Association found the proposal good. \"I will discuss it with members before coming to a conclusion. It seems workable,\" said union president M S Rajendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16678461", "title": "12 yrs after father died in mishap, woman gets compensation", "text": "THANE: Twelve years after a road accident orphaned Dakshati Jain, the Dombivli girl was awarded a Rs 12 lakh compensation by the Thane Motor Accidents Claims Tribunal after a long battle with the insurance firm and the proprietor of the truck which killed her father.Jain was nine-year-old in April 2000 when her father, Rajkumar Jain (35) died in an accident on Mhape-Turbhe Road. His vehicle reportedly collided head-on with a speeding truck. The police had registered an accident case against the truck driver and charged him for rash and negligent driving.The girl had lost her mother in 1999 and was left in the care of her maternal grandparents, who were dependent. Relatives and well-wishers extended support and decided to seek justice.Advocate DB Mhatre, representing Jain, filed a case against National Insurance Company and truck proprietor M Sagar. Mhatre said the deceased earned Rs 10,000 monthly from his chemical business. He sought Rs 15 lakh compensation collectively from the insurance firm and the transporterJudge B P Patil gave a patient hearing andsaid the truck driver was responsible for the death and calculated the deceased's annul income at Rs 56,000 to decide on the compensation for the girl.As he was young at the time of his death, the tribunal calculated his annual income for the next 15 years and arrived at a figure of Rs 8.40 lakh to be given as compensation. Besides, Rs 2,000 towards funeral expenses and another Rs 5,000 was towards the loss of a dear family member were awarded. The tribunal slapped an annual interest at the rate of 7% on the compensation till the date of realization, taking the total amount to nearly Rs 12 lakh.However, the orders were passed ex parte as the firm and the transporter were not present. The orders were not complied by either of the parties. Jain's relatives sought attachment of the offices of the insurance firm and the transporter.The insurance firm then deposited the money and said it be locked up with the court. Advocate S C Bodulla, representing Jain, argued against itand pointed out that it was mere harassment as the insurance firm had no intentions to make the payments even after the girl had suffered worst tragedy.Judge S Kulkarni ordered immediate release of funds, of which 10% will go to her guardians and remaining in a fixed deposit in Dakshati Jain's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16678413", "title": "Abducted 13-yr-old makes nature's call excuse, flees", "text": "MUMBAI: A 13-year-old boy who was allegedly abducted from Kalyan managed to escape on the pretext of answering the nature's call on Tuesday.Around 4pm, three persons abducted Subham Saxena in a car from near his house. Subham said, \"I told them I wanted to answer the nature's call. They threatened me and asked me to wait. I told them if I am not allowed to get off, I will relieve myself in the car.\" Subham was then allowed to get off, after which he immediately ran away. He said the kidnappers tried to chase him but gave up as there were people on the road.Subham went home and told his mother of the incident. She took him to Mahatma Phule police station, where cops refused to file an FIR. They told her that she should not leave kids alone. Subham's family is now worried that the kidnappers, who may be the beggar mafia gang, might strike again as Subham can recognize them.To recover from the trauma, Subham has sent him to his grandmother's residence.A V Kumbhare, DCP (zone 3) said, \"I will look into the matter.\" - Pradeep GuptaInterestingly when kidnappers not allow boy to attend nature call he threaten to do in car and then only kidnappers allow him.The incident has came to light in Kalyan's Kala talav area where on Tuesday evening 4 pm Subham Saxena was playing near his house when three people gave him money asking him to bring a citgrate pocket from shop and after his return they allegedly kidnap him in the car. And what's worse is that the local police have refused to register an FIR in the case.Talking to TOI, Subham said, \"After they kidnap me in car I requested them to leave me but they threaten me to kill me later I realized that they are taking me somewhere with wrong intention and decided to do something to escape\"Subham said, \"After few minutes I am requested abductors that I had to relieve myself and its urgent but they threaten me to hold for some time till we reached the place.\"Later Subham threaten them that if they not allow him to attend natures call then he will do inside car. \"After they allow me to come outside taking advantage I immediately ran away from there\" said Shubham.According to Subham, kidnapper tried to chase him but as few people were passing from there looking to them they stopped and he got chance to escape from there. After reaching house, victim explained to his mother Sarita who then with neighbors took him to Mahatma Phule police station where police denied to file FIR accusing him to not leave kids alone.Victim's family who is still in fear as kidnapper might be from beggar Mafiya gang then they can again target their son as he still recall their faces.\"We wants that police should nab the culprits and punish them otherwise they can target someone else kids\" said Sarita Saxena, victim's mother. \"I am happy that my son used mind and managed to escape from clutches of kidnapper but if had not succeeded to escape then he might be cost his life\" said Sarita, victim mother.To recover Shubham from trauma her mother has sent him to his grandmother residence. Paragita, grandmother of Subham said, \"Since my grandson has come to my house he is looking in fear as he recall every time same incidents and start crying\" When asked about matter A V Kumbhare, Deputy Commissioner of Police, zone 3 said, \"I will check matter with local police then as per finding I will order to take further steps in the case\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16678006", "title": "Thieves target four-wheeler again", "text": "BHOPAL: In yet another case of theft from a four-wheeler, thieves made away with a bag containing over Rs 2 lakh cash, a handgun and five bullets from a four-wheeler in MP Nagar, Zone I in the city on Thursday afternoon.The police said the four-wheeler belonged to Ram Singh Yadav , 38, a resident of JJ Tower in Kolar, who is a contractor by profession. At around 1 pm, Yadav had come to MP Nagar for some work and parked his Tata Safari (MPO4-CE-1730) near Citi Bank in Zone I.The theft came to light when Yadav returned to find his bag containing cash and his licenced firearm and bullets missing. He lodged a complaint with the police.The police said Yadav was accompanied by his workers, who were sitting in the vehicle after he left for some work. However, they too left the vehicle to drink water. Taking advantage of the situation, thieves escaped with valuables, the police added.This is the third such incident in the past two days in the city. On Wednesday, thieves targeted cars parked in MP Nagar and New Market areas and escaped with cash and laptop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16678453", "title": "ATM card fraud hits Army Major", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yet another city resident has become a victim of ATM card fraud.Major Vivek Kumar Bali of Sector 37, who has a savings account in an SBI branch in Sector 37, said, \"Rs 63,385 were withdrawn in seven installments from my account through an ATM machine here on September 29.\"Major Bali, who is posted in Leh (J&K;), returned to the city on learning about the swindle and on Thursday lodged a complaint at Sector 9 police headquarters.Major Bali said, \"I had joined office in J&K; on September 14 after spending two-month annual leave in Chandigarh. My salary was credited to my savings account on September 28. But on October 1, I found that someone had fraudulently withdrawn my salary, leaving just Rs 29 in the account.\"Stressing that he had used his ATM card in the city, he added, \"I had used it at a Sector 21 petrol pump and a Sector 26 hotel for paying bills.\"The con has come 18 days after another SBI customer, Indian Air Force official Shafiq Ahmed Siddiqui, cried ATM card fraud. Siddiqui had said someone had fraudulently withdrawn Rs 39,000 from his account through an SBI ATM machine in Sector 22 on September 12.\"Eighteen days have passed since the fraud took place, but the police have not apprised me of any progress in the case. Whenever I visit the cyber crime cell investigating the case, cops have the same reply that they were yet to get the footage of CCTV camera installed in the ATM booth.\"There has been no breakthrough in the case of Ankur Mishra of Sector 18, too, who had also lost his hard-earned money to a similar fraud in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677482", "title": "40% weightage to class XII marks in JEE", "text": "NEW DELHI: For engineering aspirants, from now on how well one performs in all the five subjects in class XII boards will also matter. Scoring well in the Joint Engineering Entrance (JEE) \u2014 main will no longer suffice as merit list will be prepared based on 40% weightage in all the five subjects in class XII boards and 60% weightage to the entrance test. Which means students will also need to score well in the languages and elective subjects, along with mathematics and physics, in class XII boards to have a good ranking in the merit list. This new rule is likely to directly impact nearly 12 lakh engineering and architecture aspirants who will appear for the first JEE (main) in April 2013.CBSE, as per ministry of human resource development's direction and based on decision of the JEE apex board, will conduct the JEE (main), which is an entrance test for engineering, B Arch and B Planning courses at various national institutes of technology (NITs), Indian Institutes of Information Technology, Delhi Technological University, other centrally funded technical institutes (CFTIs), other self financed and deemed universities.Formerly known as All India Engineering Entrance Examination ( AIEEE), one of the major changes introduced in the JEE (main) is preparation of the merit list which will now give 40% weightage to the performance of the aspirant in his/ her class XII results. And the biggest shift is that all the five subjects including languages and electives, apart from mathematics and physics, will be taken in account.\"For the first time non-science subjects like language will be given weightage while preparing the final merit list. The compulsory subjects are mathematics, physics and one language. Two more electives will be considered in the five subjects while giving 40% weightage. For example if a student scores 375 out of 500 he/ she will get 30% and that will be added to weightage from the entrance test. So the final score will determine the rank of the candidate in the final merit list,\" said chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi.Till this year no weightage is given for the performance in class XII boards. But school authorities feel that this move will make students take the Board exam as well as non-engineering subjects more seriously, rather than just concentrating on the preparation for the entrance tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16677462", "title": "Fitness seal: Contract for firm without tender", "text": "NEW DELHI: The contract for a crucial test of commercial vehicles for granting them fitness certificate was awarded to private firm without any tender with the approval of the Delhi government's council of ministers, the anti-corruption branch (ACB) told a trial court on Thursday.The ACB submitted the report to special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal in a probe status report on a complaint against chief minister Sheila Dikshit and others of alleged corruption in grant of fitness certificate to commercial vehicles.The report was filed in response to a complaint by RTI activist Vivek Garg, who had alleged that the Delhi government gave the contract for lane test of commercial vehicles before grant of fitness certificates to them to M/s ESP India without inviting any tender.Besides Dikshit, the complaint also names transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely, former transport commissioner R K Verma and M/s ESP India.The ACB said scrutiny of documents received from the transport department revealed that the Supreme Court had in 1998 directed the department to introduce automated inspection and certification system, after which Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) was hired for lane tests. ARAI hired ESP as consultant and in 2004 awarded it the work for installation of test lanes.The report said it was after the departure of ARAI that the transport department gave the work of operation and maintenance of test lanes to ESP India on nomination basis on February 27, 2008, for five years and allowed it to charge the vehicle test fee directly from the owners of the vehicles. The ACB said \"the documents received by it so far are not enough to unearth the said conspiracy\". The court asked it to file a conclusive report by November 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16679087", "title": "Voyeur engineering student leads cops to a cache of ladies' underwear", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A BTech student was arrested for allegedly clicking the photographs of a woman taking bath, and later leaving the printout of the pictures at her house in Sreekariyam.Following the arrest of Mithun M Das (21), police raided his room and seized several ladies underwear kept in a travelling bag. They also found nude photographs of several women on his computer. He was later produced before a court and granted bail.The third-year student of the College of Engineering here was held on Wednesday night, after he reportedly visited the woman's house to 'deliver' a photograph of his unsuspecting victim, police said.Unknown to the accused, the local residents had laid a trap. He walked into the trap and was handed over to the police.Police said Das earlier stayed in a paying guest accommodation next to the woman's house. The accused had noticed the woman leaving for the hospital where she worked early in the morning. He hid himself on the sunshade outside her bathroom, and clicked pictures through the ventilator using his mobile phone camera. Later, he left the prints in front of the victim's house, police said.When the menace continued, she complained to her family members, who along with their neighbours, kept vigil. Meanwhile, sensing trouble, Das shifted to another PG accommodation in Bhagat Singh Nagar, but could not contain the urge to revisit his victim's place, police said .Investigators were suspecting that a strange sexual perversion forced the student to commit the offence.Police were trying to ascertain whether the pictures found on his computer were of local residents. Das, a native of Sakthikulangara in Kollam, had confessed to the crime, police claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16677299", "title": "How Ajit Pawar took over all irrigation tenders", "text": "NAGPUR: Former Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who quit following expose of irregularities in irrigation contracts, had ensured during his tenure as water resources minister that every tender from 2005 needed his approval.The water resources department (WRD), which was then under Pawar, issued a letter on May 20, 2005, stating that the minister's approval was required before issuing any work order. This was made applicable to projects both under the WRD as well as with the five irrigation development corporations (IDCs) including Vidarbha's. Earlier, this was done by chief engineers and executive directors of IDCs. In case of WRD, it was only the chief engineers.The May 2005 letter says that it was observed that chief engineers in IDCs had been arbitrarily allotting works which was adding to financial burden. So in order to ensure better management, every work order needed to obtain the chairman's clearances. The WRD minister is ex-officio chairman of the IDCs. This gave direct powers to minister Ajit Pawar and later his close associate Sunil Tatkare who took over the WRD portfolio in 2009.Documents obtained under RTI by an activist show that a feeble objection by a superintending engineer in WRD was overlooked in the whole matter. The May 2005 proposal was forwarded to the engineer for further action. The officer had put a note that the ministry's involvement in IDCs' affairs was not warranted. Instead an internal communication should be issued for the IDCs to streamline the affairs on their own.In WRD's case, he contended that the state's finance department had already delegated powers to the department's officers and hence the proposal to give powers of having the work orders approved through the minister should be given a second thought. However, the original proposal prevailed.The documents also show that VIDC had not made any changes in its constitution, which is based on public works department's ( PWD) manual for empowering Pawar. Neither the board of directors nor the governing body had passed any resolution on it. BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis says the May 2005 order was illegal as a cabinet decision or a resolution of board of directors of respective IDCs was needed to give the powers to the chairman.Sources in VIDC said Pawar used this letter to gain control over state's irrigation sector. TOI has a bunch of documents approving work orders having signature of Pawar and the executive director of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corpration (VIDC) Devendra Shirke from 2008 to 2010 besides some middle-level officers. However, in late 2009, the secretary (WRD) who holds the post of the IDCs' managing director has also signed the work orders. Fadnavis says ideally the secretary should also have cleared all the work orders.The May 2005 circular does not mention cost of tender. However, at present tenders below Rs50 lakh are being sanctioned at CE and ED level, between Rs50 lakh and Rs1 crore by the minister of state for water resources and above it by the cabinet minister. VIDC sources said that this was being done through oral instructions.VIDC officials also claim that the May 2005 order violated the corporation's constitution. \"VIDC's constitution has adopted Public Works Department (PWD) manual and added some clauses. As per our constitution a tender up to Rs25 lakh can be sanctioned by an executive engineer (EE), up to Rs62.5 lakh by SE and above that by CEs and ED.\"In case a tender is awarded 5% above the estimate then it has to be approved by secretary (water resources), who is ex-officio managing director (MD), irrespective of the amount. If it is between 5% and 15% then it goes to the governing body comprising water resources minister and several principal secretaries. Tenders awarded above 15% have to be approved by a high power committee of several cabinet ministers,\" a senior official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16677237", "title": "Legal experts to deliberate on women's rights", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On completion of 125 years of Allahabad University, the faculty of Law is organising a law seminar on \"Women and law- A legal insight\" on October 6 and 7. Many law experts and academicians will attend the seminar.Dean, faculty of law, Prof LM Singh said the seminar will cover various aspects relating to the condition of women in society and legislative measures taken to improve their lot. The seminar will also highlight international efforts made to ameliorate the condition of women in general and especially the measures taken for protection of rights of women.The themes of the seminar will be divided into different sessions where research papers relating to women's rights of property, matrimonial rights and the special protections available to women in the administration of criminal justice will be covered. Justice BS Chauhan of the Supreme Court will inaugurate the seminar while AU vice-chancellor Prof Anil Kumar Singh will preside over it.The seminar is being organised in collaboration with the AIR, Law Academy, Nagpur in memory of its founder VV Chitaley. Aruna Namballa, vice-president, editorial of the AIR said among the dignitaries to grace the occasion are Padma Bhushan PP Rao, senior advocate, Supreme Court, Udai Lalit, advocate, Supreme Court. Prof A Lakshminath, vice-chancellor, Chanakya National Law University, Patna, Prof Balraj Chauhan, vice-chancellor, Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University, Lucknow, and Judges of Allahabad High Court will also be present at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16679675", "title": "Woman looted by fake cops in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 50-year old woman was robbed of her jewellery by two men who posed as policemen near Trimurti Circle, JLN Road on Thursday. The incident was caught on a CCTV installed at a garment shop.According to the police Savita Malhotra was stopped by a man who introduced himself as a cop. \"He signalled to another man and told her he was his senior and wanted to speak to her,\" said a police officer. She was told to remover her jewellery as a woman had been murdered in the area by robbers who fled the spot with the deceased's jewellery. When she did so they snatched her purse and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-05"}
