{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17201129", "title": "Farm tourism project to boost farming sector", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Agriculture Research Centre at Anakkayam in the district will launch a model farm tourism project. The Rs 7 crore project is expected to be a major boost to the farming sector in the region.The director of the centre Dr Rajendran told TOI that popularizing high-tech farming system was the primary aim of the farm tourism project.As many as 21 different initiatives, including a collective of youth to campaign for high-tech farming, would be launched as part of project. \"Through the project the centre is aiming to modernize research, production and marketing by introducing new generation technologies to the farmers,\" he said.\"The introduction of new methodologies in farming will definitely attract more people to the farming and the concept of farm tourism is mainly aiming to modernize the sector,\" said Dr Rajendran.The collective of youth which would be formed as a state wide group, will lead the activities of implementing high-tech farming.A tissue culture laboratory with modern facilities has already started functioning at the centre .The centre has also plans to set up a farm village in the Malappuram district as part of the project.As part of the academic initiatives to be launched, the centre will start a post graduate diploma course in advanced horticulture and diploma in horticulture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lakhipur", "code": "17204126", "title": "AIUDF blows panchayat poll bugle", "text": "LAKHIPUR: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has blown the poll bugle for the upcoming panchayat election with the party going all out against the ruling Congress and BJP in lower Assam assembly constituencies where the Badruddin Ajmal-headed party won in assembly elections last year.The violence in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD), followed by the anti-Bangladeshi stir across the state, has become a major issue for AIUDF in garnering support among the Bengali-speaking Muslims in Lower Assam. With 18 assembly constituencies under its control, AIUDF now wants to take over the remaining pockets of minority votes still with the Congress in the upcoming panchayat election.Addressing a massive election rally at Lakhipur playground ground here on Monday, Ajmal said the anti-Bangladeshi agitations after the BTAD violence was a BJP-inspired stir. He added that the anti-foreigners' agitation after the BTAD violence has created a communal atmosphere, where Muslims are increasingly targeted as Bangladeshis.The perfume baron also alleged that like Babri Masjid , BJP also tried to play communal politics by dubbing the BTAD violence as between Indians and foreigners.\"The violence in BTAD is a well planned programme by BJP, RSS, Bajrang Dal and other constituents of Sangh Parivar. Congress in the state is equally responsible for the violence because it did not play a proactive role in stopping the conflict. Though Congress and BPF are allies, the latter has a natural sympathy for BJP because BTAD was created during the time of NDA rule. Our objective is to prevent BJP from making inroads into the state for the sake of communal harmony,\" alleged Ajmal.Ajmal also exhorted his supporters that the only way Bengali-speaking Muslims can get respite from harassment in the name of Bangladeshis is through education. \"By any means, we have to educate our children. I appeal to the women of our community to ensure that their sons and daughters get proper education. Only when our children are educated they will not have to work in anybody's house and hence not be branded as Bangladeshis. The word Bangladeshi is the dirtiest swear word used against our community. We need to get respite from this slur,\" Ajmal said.\"Our support among the minority community has increased manifold not because we are exploiting the sentiments of the BTAD violence but only for the reason that we have stood by the sufferings of those who were displaced during the conflict. So, in the coming panchayat election, AIUDF is going to be a major winner,\" claimed Ajmal.In 2008, at least nine people were killed in police firing when an AIUDF-backed movement wanted panchayat polls in Lakhipur, which is still disputed that the place falls under the Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council.\"Lakhipur is a place where majority of the people are non-Rabhas and we want the government to solve the dispute soon so that panchayat polls can be held this time,\" said AIUDF general secretary Aminul Islam.However, in other places, AIUDF performed well in the 2008 panchayat polls by winning 48 zila parishad councils, 500 president councils and nearly 2000 panchayat representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205947", "title": "Neha makes an artful return to life", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Its not an exceptional piece of art. An A4-sized paper shows coloured images of children, fire-works, bushes and a tree. It is soon going to take the form of a greeting card. The hands that drew this picture belong to an eleven-year-old girl named Neha, a Class VI student of Cotton Hill School She doesn't walk. In fact, she can't even stand on her feet. Apart from her face, which she sways gently, the only mobile feature about Neha is her left hand with which she draws or rather tries to draw.In April, Neha underwent a surgery for cervical junction anomaly that has crippled her since birth. A week ago, she asked for a paper and sat unmoved in her wheel chair for two hours. She began with a bush and slowly more images followed. Her mother Jaya watched her daughter move her left hand and when she was done, she hugged her.It was the first picture Neha had drawn with her left hand after the surgery; the same hand which a doctor once thought she would never move. Now, Neha's parents along with the authorities of Cotton Hill School are planning to bring out a greeting card with this picture imprinted on it. \"We are planning to design a two-page card. One side will have this picture and the other side will be left blank. Anyone who takes this card can fill it,\" said Jaya VS, her mother.For her parents and teachers, what she drew is more than a picture. Her thin, weak, left hand which had till now produced vague, distorted figures on paper has started drawing more perfect pictures. The pain that would run from the back of her neck to her shoulder has relented. \"After the surgery I feel a sense of control while drawing. The pain has also become bearable,\" says Neha.The parents believe that the card is just a beginning. \"This picture means a lot to us. Our doctor tells us that she would walk in less than three years,\" said Jaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201960", "title": "Businessman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s welcome \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcgift\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to girl child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Diwali day today, Goddess Laxmi will be welcomed in each and every home. A businessman from Uttarsanda in Kheda however has made it a tradition to welcome each daughter born in his village as an avtaar of Laxmi, 365 days a year!Octogenarian Mohan Patel, an industrialist and philanthropist , gifts Rs 1,000 to each girl born in the 100-bed general hospital in Uttarsanda village. On his birthday on August 1, each girl child born receives a gift of Rs 5,000.Patel says that the idea of welcoming each girl with a gift struck him in 2008 while he and his wife Chandaben were mulling over the deteriorating social condition due to skewed sex ratio in Gujarat. Gujarat had an alarming sex ratio of only 883 girls per 1,000 boys while his native Kheda was off with only 876 girls per 1,000 boys.Chanda Mohan Patel Streebhrun Hatya Nivaran Fund was formed and a corpus was given to the general hospital to give Rs 1,000 as gift to each girl born in the hospital. While Patel's own community is worst affected by the skewed sex ratio, girls from all communities are given the gift of being valued. Hospital administrator Harshad Patel said, \"We just have to send a requisition for replenishing the fund and the money is sent to us.\"So far, 4047 girls have received their gift - Patel has spent about Rs 49 lakh for the noble cause. \"Girls are an incarnation of Goddess Laxmi but are viewed as a burden. This mindset has to be changed. Girls need to be valued for a healthy society. I sincerely wish my humble attempt encourages people to value girls,\" says Patel who is father of three sons and only daughter Nisha who is married into the Ramanand Sagar family of Ramayana fame. \"My father had only one sister and I also have only one sister between three brothers. A daughter's marriage in our family comes once in 35-odd years which is a festival for us,\" says Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202323", "title": "Last-minute rush for Diwali preparations", "text": "PATNA: The Diwali fervour was already in the air on Monday as Patnaites were busy making last-minute purchases and giving finishing touches to their preparations to celebrate the festival of lights on Tuesday.The markets and malls as well as the lanes and bylanes of the city wore a festive look with various articles for home decoration selling like hot cakes. While a few people were already attending the pre-Diwali bashes, others were checking out the list of preparations to host guests at the their homes or visiting their friends and family members to share Diwali greetings!Puja Kumar, a homemaker in Patliputra Colony, said, \"I have got everything ready for Diwali and the only thing that remains is making 'Rangoli' on Diwali day. This year, I have decorated my home with terracotta 'diyas' that I would light up on Diwali night. Since my husband and I are not so inclined to burst crackers, we have just bought some for our daughter as a part of the tradition.\"Sweetshops also saw record footfalls with health-conscious people opting for sugar-free variants and dry-fruits rather than the traditional 'mithais'. Suraj Singh, a businessman, said, \"I had ordered sweet packets for my employees, friends and family members as I have been distributing sweets for many years. I have decorated my house with colourful Chinese lights and my wife has made all the preparations for the Lakshmi Puja as Diwali is celebrated on a large scale in my family.\"The market was full of roadside stalls selling beautiful idols of Lakshmi and Ganesh and people bought the idols for special puja on Wednesday night.Ritu, a second year BCom student who lives at a private hostel in Nageshwar Colony, said, \"We would make 'rangoli' in our hostel rooms and light 'diyas' and the girls have planned to burst a lot of crackers. We would also get a Diwali special dinner that we are looking forward to.\"Rohit Kumar, a final year BA student, said, \"After the Lakshmi Puja, I go out with a few of my friends and roam across the city every Diwali night. We don't burst crackers but I like looking at the sky in the night. Exchange of chocolates is also a tradition that we friends have been following for the last few years.\"Several clubs and communities across the city have already hosted get-together parties ahead of the festival of lights. Shops were decked up to attract people still completing their shopping spree. Some of the Patnaites were also buying packs of cards for 'taash' parties, considered part of the celebration on Diwali day.Kids were also excited about their crackers and clothes. Priyamvada, a student of class IX, said, \"My father has decorated the house with Chinese lights. I don't burst many crackers on Diwali night because of pollution. But I do look forward to sweets and the delicacies that my mother prepares. The evening puja and rangoli designing keep me busy throughout the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199807", "title": "Loaders\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir adds to cargo woes", "text": "MUMBAI: For the past four days, the Mumbai airport's cargo complex has been beset with problems, blocking the movement of hundreds of tonnes of cargoes. Adding to the woes, most of loaders in the cargo complex went on an impromptu strike on Monday evening, demanding payment of Diwali bonus.An airport source said the loaders' grievances were redressed late on Monday and they were back to work.The problem began on Thursday when the Electronic Data Interchange system, used to transit data, developed a technical snag. With no back-up in place, movement of cargoes came to a virtual standstill, right in the middle of the festive season. \"The trucks that came to the airport on Thursday are being offloaded today. They will take another five days to clear the backlog,\" said M S Baig, a clearing agent. On Saturday afternoon, some order was restored but the snag recurred and continued to plague the clearing system.Even as the cargo agents and exporters worried about the mounting losses they incurred owing to the technical glitch, news of an impromptu strike by loaders hit the industry on Monday evening. \"The cargo complex does not have enough labour force and the strike compounded trouble for the industry,\" said Nicolas Almeida, a member of Sahar Ekta union, mainly of tempo-operators. \"For about an hour, the loaders staged a protest against the non-payment of Diwali bonus by their principal employees. With the threat of a full-fledged strike during festive season looming high, the employers paid Rs 2,500 to each of the loaders and made them call off their agitation. A promise has also been made that the balance amount will be paid on November 16,\" said a source.A Customs official said imports worth around Rs 1 crore a day had been held up since Saturday and even export consignments had been lying idle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203406", "title": "City gets more luxury wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Car dealers around the city witnessed an unusual Sunday as it coincided with Dhanteras, the first day of Diwali festivities, when buying metals is considered good. Mostly a dull day at car dealerships, Sunday witnessed numerous cars rolling out of various showrooms. As many as 10 cars rolled out of Modern Motors and, \"It must have been because of Dhanteras,\" said showroom owner A Sood.\"We have done 50 deliveries today, which are more than double the number of cars we usually deliver in a day,\" said R S Uppal, vice-president, sales, of a foreign car brand dealership in the city. The effect of Dhanteras was evident in the sale of even the high-end cars, as the city has a taste for exhibiting wheels with A\u00c2\u00a9lan. Uppal said of the 50 cars delivered on Sunday, 35 were in the price range of Rs 15-30 lakh.\"We usually sell one or two top-of-the-line cars in a week, but Sunday saw five top models being rolled out to customers' addresses because it was Dhanteras,\" said Neeraj Bansal, head- operations, at another dealership store of a foreign brand of luxury vehicles.The rise in sale of top-end cars is not a just a day's phenomenon, but the bookings have been on a rise since the start of the festive season. Uppal said the bookings of cars costing above Rs 10 lakh have gone up by 20% and for those costing above Rs 20 lakh have doubled. \"The bookings for top-end cars costing over Rs 20 lakh have doubled from 100 to 200 during the festive season and most of the deliveries are due between Dhanteras and Diwali. People keep pushing for delivery on the festive day even if we tell them it will be hard to manage,\" he added.The Diwali month has been a bumper one for Bansal's dealership store. \"We got over 30 bookings of top-end cars this month, which is double the number of cars we sell in a month usually,\" he said. \"One of the models priced at around Rs 13 lakh has registered over 100 deliveries this season and there are still many bookings till the season lasts,\" said Sood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203043", "title": "Panjab University: Status quo as a solutiona rejected", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After days of deadlock over meal prices in Panjab University hostels, authorities have come up with the idea of introducing two platters, one a fixed meal menu and the other an expensive, unlimited variant. The fixed price menu would cost Rs 22.5 and Rs 24 in the girls and boys hostel respectively, while the other platter would be modeled on the buffet system practiced earlier and would cost Rs 28.5 and Rs 30 in the girls and boys hostels. However, this has not convinced students, who term the move as an 'eyewash\"' . How can one eat five chapattis and rice with one small bowl of dal? We will continue our strike,\" Sachinder Pal, general secretary of Students For Society (SFS), asserted.Unwilling to compromise, nine students stayed put with their hunger strike outside the vice-chancellor's office. The protesting students belong to the Students For Society (SFS) and Students Federation of India. Other students gave up the strike citing medical reasons.Around 25 students chose to continue the protest at the cost of the Diwali break. SFS president Raminder Singh said, \"We are in no mood to give up without a complete roll back of prices. The PU vice-chancellor has been giving us different statements everyday.\"On Sunday, university officials issued a statement saying they would write to the prime minister, union cabinet ministers, UT administration and the UGC to provide a subsidy for hostel meals.What's On Offer?Menu for fixed lunch Boys: Five chapatis, 150gm vegetables, 100gm rice and seasonal salad Girls: Four chapatis, 150 gms vegetables, 100 gms rice and seasonal saladMenu for fixed dinner Boys: Five chapatis (5), 150gm vegetable/dal and seasonal salad Girls: Four chapatis, 150gm vegetable/dal and seasonal saladDeadlock Indicating that prices will not be rolled back, PU authorities said the existing facility of meals for Rs 30 and Rs 28.50 in the boys and girls hostels will continue. The stance has caused much heartburn among students with eight being taken to hospital due to ill health. On Sunday, SFS member Jarnail Singh was hospitalized", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17199829", "title": "Omar Abdullah's uncle Kamal calls India \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcenemy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SRINAGAR: Sheikh Mustafa Kamal , the younger brother of Union minister Farooq Abdullah and the uncle of J&K; CM Omar Abdullah , has sparked off a massive outrage yet again. He has slammed the country saying Kashmiris are closer to Pakistan. Calling India the enemy, Kamal alleged, \"Time and again India has backtracked from its no war pact with Pakistan.\"Kamal's controversial comments at a National Conference rally in Kishtwar on Sunday are just the latest in a series of statements that have given Farooq and Omar uncomfortable moments. On the surface, Kamal's tendency to take potshots at New Delhi seems strange considering his party, the National Conference, is the flag-bearer of mainstream politics in the state. But, a closer look at the history of Kashmir since 1947 suggests there might be a method in Kamal's madness. Not so curiously, NC has chosen to remain silent.Beginning with Sheikh Abdullah, mainstream politicians in Kashmir have sought a delicate balance between separatism and being mainstream. Islamist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is today viewed as the most hardline of separatists, an image fostered no doubt by his unrelenting demand that Kashmir is disputed, an issue he claims can be resolved only by implementing UN resolutions that include a referendum in the state. This position is a replica of a demand made for 35 years ago from a platform called the Plebiscite Front. And who was its leader? Sheikh Abdullah: Mustafa Kamal's father.There is a joke in Kashmir: A Kashmiri leader's love for azaadi increases and decreases based on his distance from New Delhi. This pattern is repeated by almost everyone who hopes to earn favour and power. It can be called 50 shades of separatism, from Islamist fervour of a Geelani, the uncomfortable flip flops of the \"moderates\" to the more nuanced utterances of the \"mainstream\".The discourse shifts seamlessly from 'Kashmir banega Pakistan' to 'azaadi' and to the nuances of autonomy within the Constitution: self-rule and achievable nationhood. The premise of these slogans is the same: Kashmir is not an integral part of India.Seen in this light, Kamal's utterances against the Indian Army are just a crude continuation of the two-year campaign of his nephew Omar against AFSPA. Despite being the head of the unified command that controls all the security forces in the state, and being well aware of their concerns over AFSPA, this has been the young CM's main demand.This is explained away in New Delhi as an answer to pacify the anger in Kashmir over the killing of some 120 young men in the five months of violence in 2010. The fact that most deaths occurred in firing by the Kashmir Police, which is not covered by AFSPA, is ignored. Also that not one policeman has received any punishment for these deaths, is ignored. Two years later, AFSPA is still in force, and the CM has shifted the blame on New Delhi for being stubborn on a draconian law. And his uncle can accuse the Army of violence on Kashmiris. The message is: \"India is the enemy.\"This behaviour is in part a creation of New Delhi's handling of the situation. From money to power, the generosity of New Delhi is often in direct proportion to the shrillness of the attacks. That's why many mainstream politicians and separatists travel to and from anti-AFSPA rallies protected by these same AFSPA covered security men. Meanwhile, Omar, appeared to be distancing himself from the comments made by his senior party leader. Omar first tweeted, \"Funny thing is I don't need anyone to make things difficult for me when I have relatives to do it for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17201087", "title": "2-year-old child kidnapped for ransom, rescued", "text": "MADURAI: Police rescued a two-year-old child, who was kidnapped outside his home in Chinnamanur in Theni district on November 10 and arrested two persons in this connection.Marisamy of Seelayampatti near Chinnamanur in Theni district owns a teashop and has three children. His two-year-old son, who is the youngest, was playing outside his house on Saturday, when he went missing. His parents lodged a complaint with the Chinnamanur police on November 11. In the meantime, Marisamy received a call in which the caller asked him to pay Rs five lakh as ransom if he wanted to see his son alive.On information, Bodi DSP Arul Amaran instructed Marisamy to tell the caller that he was ready to hand over the money and ask him where they should meet. The caller first asked him to come to Arapalayam in Madurai and then to Goripalayam, where a woman was standing by the roadside with the two-year-old child.The police, who followed Marisamy's vehicle in plainclothes, arrested the woman who was identified as Shankari, 34 of Vilangudi. Police said that the accused was a neighbour of Marisamy's aunt Rajeswari.Her accomplice, Natarajan of Chekkanoorani who had made the calls to Marisamy was also arrested. Police have filed a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200298", "title": "Name is not important, work is, says Bhushan", "text": "CHENNAI: Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan on Monday said his team headed by Arvind Kejriwal would no longer use the name of India Against Corruption (IAC), and added that it would have a name of its own from November 26 after the formation of a new political party.\"We have always said that name is not important, work is. When Anna told us he doesn't want us to use his name, we stopped using the name 'Team Anna'. And thereafter we reverted back to 'India Against Corruption'. Now, if he asks us to stop using the name 'India Against Corruption', we will stop using that too. Arvind has said that Anna is very dear to us and we will abide by his wishes,\" said Bhushan.\"So, therefore if he (Anna) says don't use IAC, we will not use. In any case, from the November 26 our political party will be launched and that will have a new name,\" he added.Former IPS officer and Team Anna member Kiran Bedi earlier said the name of IAC would remain with Hazare. \"People can donate in the name of IAC. Arvind's organisation is PCRF (Public Cause Research Foundation),\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17209063", "title": "26-year-old woman killed in accident", "text": "Mumbai: The Byculla police arrested a 32-year-old driver, Dhondiram Jadhav, for crushing a 26-year-old woman to death near Mazgaon. Police said that the deceases, Aayesha Ali, fainted and came under the rear tyre of the trailer on Monday morning. The police said that the woman was walking by the roadside when she allegedly fainted and came under the rear tyre of the heavy vehicle.At around 10.30am, Ayesha Ali, who resides at a slum pocket near Nariyalwadi graveyard , was walking nearby her residence, when she met with the accident. The trailer driver identified as Dhondiram Jadhav, 32, was driving towards Byculla from Mazgaon.Ashok Kamble, sub inspector of the Byculla police station said, \"The woman, who resides in the slum located on the footpath near the graveyard, came under the trailer and was crushed to death. We were informed about the accident by the locals, following which we arrested Jadhav.\"The police added that after Ayesha fell unconscious, Jadhav couldn't stop the vehicle. Following the accident, Jadhav didn't run from the scene of incident and was arrested soon after, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17204273", "title": "Extended Dhanteras adds verve to festive shopping", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Rising prices may have burnt a hole in the pocket of the common man but have failed to dampen the sprit of the denizens of Sangam city if one looks at Diwali buying. Markets in the city were flooded with customers not only till late Sunday night but also on Monday leading to crowds and traffic jams.Shop owners at the posh Civil Line market, which houses most of the showrooms of electronic gadgets and branded cloths, claim business seemed good this year around Diwali as expected. \"Family income has improved post Sixth Pay Commission and since Dhenteras was celebrated on both Sunday and Monday, it has extended the shopping spree,\" said Amit, a shop owner of the city.As far as sale of vehicles (both two and four-wheelers), ornaments of gold , silver and diamond, garments, gift items, electronic gadgets etc, are concerned, all commodities have registered good sale. Shopkeepers and jewellers found it hard to handle the rush at jewellery and electronics showrooms in response to their lavish spend on advertisement. Dhanteras has brought smile to the faces of traders who continued to be busy dealing with customers, said Azmat Siddqui, owner of a leading jewellery showroom of the city.Inflation notwithstanding, people are making purchases both small and big. For instance, shops of electronic gadgets were crowded with buyers and those selling utensils were equally happy to see the heavy rush of customers.The auto sector got a new lease of life with sale much better compared to last year and according to a rough estimate this segment generated around Rs 10 crore revenue with around 2,000 motorcycles (of different brands) sold in the city. The market of four-wheelers also saw a favorable spurt in sales as the city witnessed a business of around Rs 35 crore. Showrooms selling electronic gadgets have also done brisk business. Colour television sets, DVD players, automatic washing machine, refrigerators and air conditioners were the hot favourite among buyers as several companies offered different gifts and promotional schemes, said owner of a leading home appliances shop in the city.Not only did shops selling TVs, washing machines, microwave ovens, etc witness a huge rush, those in the business of computers and its peripherals and cameras did brisk selling. \"I had refrained myself from demanding new outfits and crackers and instead requested my father to get me a mini laptop for which he agreed readily and here I am with something worth remembering as my Deepawali gift\", said Smita Dikshit.But flooded markets caused road jams till late night on Sunday as well as on Monday. All roads leading to prominent markets like Civil Lines, Katra and Chowk were crowded with vehicles and there were heavy jams even on the 'escape bylanes'. Absence of adequate number of policemen compounded the woes of car drivers trapped in long jams. \"I had purchased a new washing machine and was told that it would reach my house, around 10 kilometers from the shop, within half an hour but the trolley reached my house in two hours as he was stuck in a long road jam\", said Meenu Khanna, a resident of Dariyabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200373", "title": "Left to collect 5 crore signatures for food-for-all campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Left parties plan to rev up their movement demanding a universal public distribution system (PDS) and an \"effective\" food security law with a nationwide signature campaign starting December. They aim to collect five crore signatures as part of the drive that would run till February.Left party members and activists will go from door-to-door for signatures endorsing three demands. These include universal PDS without dividing people into BPL and APL categories; a food security legislation that would provide for 35 kg foodgrains at not more than Rs 2 per kg; and no cash transfer scheme in the PDS, a CPM spokesperson said on Monday.Leaders of four Left parties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d CPM, CPI, Forward Bloc and RSP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d met on Monday to discuss the campaign. \"Our leaders would also go from door to door in various cities during the signature collection drive,\" said CPI leader D Raja.The drive will coincide with the winter session of Parliament. The UPA government is adopting retrograde measures in a bid to dismantle the PDS, the Left claimed. \"We will raise these issues in Parliament. PDS must be strengthened, streamlined and universalized,\" said Raja.The Left parties had also held a month-long national campaign in July on food security issues and against rising prices. It ended in a five-day sit-in protest in New Delhi. The Left wants the right to food to be recognized as a basic right of people backed by legislation, and oppose the Bill in the present form. Earlier, CPM politburo member Brinda Karat had said, \"The food security Bill in its present form makes a mockery of food security by legalizing the present injustices of the targeted system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17199785", "title": "Confusion over India's bid for AFC Challenge Cup", "text": "Panaji: India's ambitious bid to host the AFC Challenge Cup for the second time in six years is under a cloud after it emerged that Maldives and Philippines are in the final shortlist prepared by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).Members of the AFC President's Cup and Challenge Cup competitions committee, who recommend the hosts to the executive committee, have been told to do their pickings from amongst Maldives and Philippines, based on an assessment report that has been attached separately.\"There is some confusion at the moment. The AFC has recommended two names and India is not among them. I have asked them why India was not in the shortlisted and am waiting to hear back from them,\" said South Asian Football Federation (SAFF) general secretary Alberto Colaco, a member of the committee.The All India Football Federation (AIFF) too has not taken the recent communique from the AFC lightly and have now sought answers why India's name has gone missing even before the selection process is completed.\"We are not demanding that the AFC hand over the tournament to us, but there has to be a process,\" said AIFF general secretary Kushal Das.\"As far as the bid is concerned, the AFC has given us a letter that there is no need for an inspection in India because they have already inspected all three stadiums (two in Delhi and one in Goa) here in the past,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202180", "title": "Hazratganj cops change location of bike theft, finally register case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Hazratganj police registered the case of bike-theft that was reported on Saturday from its own premises, but compelled the complainant to change the location of the incident from within the premises of the police station to outside its compound.Depandra Dubey, the harried complainant in the case, agreed to keep the location of theft as outside the main gate of Kotwali, which incidentally happens to be a no-parking zone. A resident of Rakabganj, Dubey met with several senior officials to plead his case, but in vain.\"The police clearly told me that they will not register the case if my complaint stated that the bike was stolen from Hazratganj Kotwali's parking area,\" said Dubey. The police gave him a copy of the first information report on Monday evening which mentioned the location of the theft outside entrance gate.Meanwhile, a person fled with bike of Pravin Yadav who was buying tobacco sachets from a pan shop on Sunday evening. The incident was reported from Virat Khand area in Gomtinagar around 7.30 p.m. Yadav got off his bike to buy his quota of tobacco sachets when an unknown person who was standing near the pan shop rode his bike away. Yadav had not removed the keys from the bike, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17200798", "title": "Novak Djokovic wins season finale", "text": "LONDON: Super Serb Novak Djokovic , the world no.1, beat the Swiss genius Roger Federer 7-6 (8-6), 7-5 in a titanic title round clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals before a cheering full house at The 02 Arena late on Monday.The 25-year-old won, but barely just, holding off a battling Roger Federer, who played with the freedom of a 21-year-old out on his first dance, rather than the veteran of 31 that he is.The six-time winner of the season-ending event and two-time defending champion threw in all the punches he had, clawing back after a difficult first set, but Djokovic, who returned Federer's genius with tireless grit, took home $1,760,000 and 1500 ranking points, while the Swiss ace settled for $800,000 and 800 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200320", "title": "Girl gang-raped near Bangladesh border", "text": "KOLKATA: A 15-year-old girl from Bangladesh was allegedly gang-raped near the India-Bangladesh border at Basirhat's Swarupnagar area in North 24-Parganas. Police said the culprits had already been identified and raids were on to nab them. However, no one was arrested till the last report came in.Two years back, the girl had come to her elder sister's house at Basirhat's Matia area. On Saturday night, she was returning back with her sister and few other relatives in a car. After reaching the border area, the car had stopped as it could not go further for security reasons.Suddenly, five youths came at the spot in a car and dragged the girl out of the car. Her relatives tried to resist but failed to stop the goons. The attackers shoved the girl into their car and drove away.They took her to an abandoned house nearby, gang-raped her and dumped her at the place. She was later rescued by the locals, who then admitted her to the Basirhat sub-divisional hospital. A complaint was later lodged at the Swarupnagar police station.On Monday, members of the Paschimbanga Mahila Ganatantrik Samity staged an agitation in Barasat to protest against the incident. The girl's medical test was also conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bomdila ( arunachal pradesh )", "code": "17204212", "title": "Bomdila's tales of war &amp; bravery", "text": "BOMDILA ( Arunachal Pradesh ): Perched at a height of 8,500 feet in the Himalayas, Bomdila, which saw the last Indian resistance during the 1962 Chinese aggression, still remembers the hard times the people had to face during the war. However, Arunachalis recall with pride how they helped Indian soldiers put up a fight against all odds. The stories of the war have almost become folktales, being handed down from one generation to another. For the Indian soldiers it was a two-pronged war: against the enemy and the hostile terrain and the biting cold.As the war broke out in the autumn of 1962, Tawang fell to the invading Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) within a few days, and in Bomdila, then the headquarters of Kameng frontier division, there was sheer panic. But the people egged the soldiers on with their support and encouragement.A retired army officer reminisced, \"The war was all about the heroism of our jawans, who fought without appropriate clothes and rubber boots in the snow-clad mountains.\"While the Indian military and political leadership failed, it was the jawans and young officers who carried forward the battle. Dorjee Khandu Thongdok, an Arunachali politician who wrote a book on the aggression, \"War on Buddha\", said it was weak planning on the part of the army that led to the defeat. No logistic support was given to the jawans. Neither was there coordination among officers, said Thongdok. \"Ask any villager in Tawang, Dirang, Bomdila, Chaku and Rupa and they will talk about the brave soldiers who died defending the country,\" he said.Jaswant Singh , Subedar Joginder Singh, Havildar Sucha Singh, Rifleman Kanshi Ram, Naik Chain Singh, Rifleman Bishan Singh, Major Gurdial Singh, Captain R D Rosario, and Hoshiar Singh are names etched in the minds of villagers. Almost every Arunachali has grown up listening to these tales of bravery.Dorjee Tsering, a social worker from Dirang, who was a 13-year-old during the war, said, \"Our jawans fought vigorously. I saw more Chinese soldiers dying in Dirang than Indians. We saw the Chinese burying their dead and later digging them out and carrying them away,\" he recalled.Tsering said, \"Indian jawans fared better when it came to direct confrontation. But our jawans died mostly while retreating. They were asked to withdraw because of a weak leadership,\" he felt.He added, \"Everyone now knows there will not be a repeat of 1962...but what we need is to build roads and other infrastructure for better supply of essentials to jawans and people living along the Indo-Chinese border.\"Eighty-year-old Dorjee Glow of Singchung village joined the war and used his six mules to carry food and ammunition for the soldiers. As the Indian army's supply to its troops was very poor, and there was only one supply route from Assam, tribal villagers volunteered to help Indian soldiers.He remembered how the jawans asked them to flee when they saw the troops advancing. \"We hid in the jungles to escape the attack,\" he said.Tsering Tashi, who was 18 then, said the jawans in Bomdila asked them to vacate the township as the Chinese could arrive any moment. \"I was studying in Bomdila High School and our hostel warden asked us to flee to Assam. It was snowing. We walked for five days to reach Missamari in Assam and then boarded a train to Guwahati. I returned to Bomdila after three months,\" said Tashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17204303", "title": "Diwali: Police take out flag march in Old City", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Police officials of four police stations of the Old City accompanied by contingents of Rapid Action Force and station officers of respective police stations carried out a flag march in the city, on Monday. Termed as routine drill, the march was taken out to spread sense of confidence among denizens ahead of Diwali.The march was taken out in the sensitive localities including Kareli, Khuldabad, Kala Danda, Shahganj, Himmatganj, Attala, Noorulla road, kotwali, Jonhstonganj etc. The RPF personnel were accompanied by heavy police force of four police stations of these areas. Terming this as routine drill ahead of festival the SP City, Shailesh Kumar Yadav said, \"This is a routine drill which we undertake to spread sense of security in areas which are communally sensitive especially keeping in view of Deepawali and Moharram\". The station officer of four police station namely Kotwali, Khuldabad, Kareli and Shahganj participated in the drill which was successful, he added.The personnel marched on the street in the Old City areas while shopkeepers who had extended their shops on to the roads were advised to remove their wares from the road so as to ensure smooth flow of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199791", "title": "Corporators to get laptops with civic software", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body, which is working towards a paperless administration, has decided to give all its 227 corporators laptops fitted with a customized software.The Rs 7.67-crore proposal, which includes the purchase of laptops and the installation of the software, was passed in the BMC standing committee meeting on Monday. The software, which will have details of the fund allotted to a ward, the amount that has been spent and work orders issued in that ward, will be connected to the civic body's central system. A senior civic official said the software will also have the facility of uploading letters that corporators usually send to ward officers, requesting them to undertake a particular work.The elected representatives have demanded that they should be provided with WiFi connections in the BMC headquarters and ward offices. BJP corporator Manoj Kotak said, \"As there is no WiFi connection in the BMC headquarters, the laptops are of no use to us. We should have the facility.\"MNS corporators Chetan Kadam also demanded that corporators should be trained in using the laptops and the software. \"Last time when corporators were given out laptops, they played video games on them as they did not know what else to do with them,\" he said.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota assured that the corporators would be taught how to use the software. But the civic IT department would first have to study the security aspects before installing WiFi connection in the civic headquarters, he added.Last time, it was a failed effortIn a bid to do away with paperwork and provide online access to civic proposals, the BMC in 2009 decided to give its corporators laptops free of cost. But most corporators didn't use their laptops; instead, their children and other party workers used the machines for personal purpose. Official email ids were given to corporators to interact with complainants, but more than 95% of them did not log in even once.Once a corporator's tenure ended, s/he was supposed to return the laptops. \"But about 10 to 12 ex-corporators are yet to give then back,\" said an official.Times View: BMC must prevent laptop misuseConsidering that in the first attempt, the corporators misused the laptops, the BMC should ensure that it is not repeated. It is unfortunate that the corporators showed little interest and that too when the government is working towards increasing the level of connectivity. BMC has to keep in mind that the money collected from public is spent on purchase of laptops and the corporators utilize it for public benefits. Apart from being eco-friendly , this move will bring in transparency in the corporation's daily affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200799", "title": "'Pneumonia big threat for children'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pneumonia is turning out to be the leading cause of mortality among children in the six month-five years age group due to lack of early vaccination, the Indian Academy of Paediatrics said on Monday, urging the World Health Organisation to intervene. Around 5 lakh children, mostly from the lower socio-economic background, die of pneumonia every year. Unlike other diseases like measles, pneumonia does not figure in the health plan of the United Nation's health programme, experts said.\"The younger the children, greater is the risk of contracting the disease. So within six months of age, three dozes of both HIB and Pneumococcal vaccine should be administered to prevent the disease,\" said Vikramjit Singh Wasu, president of the twin city chapter of Indian Academy of Paediatrics.\"This becomes difficult for those from low socio-economic backgrounds due to the sheer expense involved,\" he said. While measles vaccine is cost-effective and easily available in the country due to UN intervention, vaccines for pneumonia including HIB and Pneumococcal vaccine are expensive ranging up to Rs 3,800 per dose. The academy proposed that pneumonia eradication should figure prominently in the health discourse across the country. \"We need World Health Organisation (WHO)'s support to save children from pneumonia,\" said Wasu. The long term plan of eradicating pneumonia is to increase the nutrition quotient among children within the age group of five, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201134", "title": "Malayalam varsity has digital dreams", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Vice chancellor of the newly formed Thunchathu Ezhuthachan Malayalam University, K Jayakumar said that he intended to make the new university a fully digital varsity.Speaking after receiving the National Education Awards instituted by the New Delhi based Chamber of Education at the Calicut University on Monday, he said that the excessive number of non-teaching posts and numerous administrative staff were a huge burden on the varsities in the state.\"The Malayalam University will be different from the other varsities in the state and will not have more than 50 non-teaching staff,\" he said.In a lighter vein, he said that he was currently a vice chancellor without an university, like the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who was a head of a state without a state.Jayakumar said that universities in the state should aim to be centres of life long learning instead of being just centres of teaching.Earlier, Calicut University vice chancellor Dr M Abdul Salam presented the award. Head of the department of education Dr K P Meera presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199145", "title": "Ghatkopar senior citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s teen attacker held in UP", "text": "MUMBAI: Police have nabbed the 19-year-old carpenter who attacked senior citizen Kamlaben Thakkar (72) at her residence last week. Rajeev Kumar (19) was picked up from his hometown in Mahu, Uttar Pradesh, on Monday, in a joint operation by Ghatkopar police and Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force. He will be brought to Mumbai by Wednesday after police get a transit remand.Thakkar, a widow, was alone at her home in Ghatkopar's Sainath society last Thursday when Kumar came to fix a trolley at 2pm. He threatened her to hand over the cupboard keys and tore her blouse to retrieve them, when she refused. But he was unable to break open the vault inside the cupboard. Before leaving the house, he slashed Thakkar's throat with a sharp instrument. An hour later, an employee working for Thakkar's son, Paresh, who arrived at her residence to hand over money for her monthly expenses, admitted her to a nearby hospital.Kumar was employed with a local carpentry contractor, Raju Mistry. After attacking Thakkar, he asked Mistry to settle his dues and took a train for UP. Mistry identified Kumar from a police sketch and gave them the address of his hometown. \"We had alerted the UP police about Kumar's train schedule but they couldn't trace him at Varanasi station. We then kept tabs on his phone location. His mobile tower location led our team to his house,\" said senior inspector Ram Mandurke.Police believe that Kumar is a first-time offender and committed the act on the spur of the moment. He has been booked under section 397 of IPC (robbery with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt). \"My mother is still in the ICCU, but is recovering. The cops informed us about Kumar's arrest, but we also want to know if he had any accomplices,\" said Paresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199773", "title": "Four staffers siphon off Rs 1.3 crore from designer, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Four employees working for designer Ritu Kumar have been arrested for allegedly siphoning off Rs 1.35 crore from her stores in the city. The money was to be deposited in the bank. The fraud, which took place between July 2011 and October this year, came to light during an internal audit of the designer's showroom in Lower Parel.The arrested accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dregional manager Natasha Jawali (39), accountant Sachin Ghodkindi (36) and sales girls Shraddha Suyankar (30) and Pragati Kanojia (26)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhave been remanded in police custody till November 16.According to the NM Joshi Marg police, Jawali, who heads six outlets in Mumbai, is the prime accused. \"Besides using debit and credit cards, many customers would pay in cash. The accused gave such customers a manual bill saying there was some problem with the store's computer. As a result, there was no accurate record of cash transactions and the accused pocketed the money,\" said an officer.While one of the accused purchased gold with the money, another used it to foot her medical bills, said the police. \"Cops recovered gold worth Rs 80,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh from Suyankar and Kanojia respectively. Another accused deposited Rs 3 lakh in the bank,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201917", "title": "Gang rape convict creates ruckus on parole", "text": "NAGPUR: A miscreant serving a life imprisonment for gang rape has been slapped with charges of extortion and criminal trespass while out on parole. Satish Dhok had made it a habit to foment trouble whenever he was out on parole from Nagpur Central jail.The charges came after he attacked and tried to extort money from a Pandhrabodhi resident recently. Ambazari police arrested Dhok on Sunday while his accomplice Chhotu Sahu and two others are yet to be arrested.Dhok is serving a life imprisonment in jail and had come out of prison after the office of the divisional commissioner granted him leave to attend the funeral of his elder brother who died in an accident.Ambazari police had sent an adverse report when Dhok's application for parole came up for hearing, since he had been booked by Gittikhadan police station while out on parole last year. However, Dhok was released anyway for the funeral.Police said Dhok wanted money for the funeral. He reportedly barged into the residence of Mayur Baswante, a resident of Pandhrabodhi, along with Sahu and others. Dhok demanded Rs 10,000 from Baswante. Apart from issuing threats for money, Dhok also slashed Baswante's friend Lankesh Bawne on the hand.Ambazari police took Dhok into custody after a complaint was filed. Police have launched a manhunt for his accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199219", "title": "Seven held for impersonation during examination held by Delhi Police for recruitment of drivers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven people have been arrested for impersonation during an examination held by Delhi Police for the recruitment of drivers.On November 11, the written examination was held at Police Training School in Wazirabad. \"Seven people who appeared in place of original candidates have been apprehended. They have been identified as Manish, 24, Amit Kumar , 19, Sandeep Kumar , 24, Surender Singh, 24, Umesh, 23 and Ashok, 21 and Ajay Kumar , 23, all residents of Haryana,\" said additional commissioner of police (north east), VV Chaudhary.A detailed security arrangement had been in put in place considering the large numbers of prospective candidates who were supposed to appear for the examination, said cops. A team was specifically constituted to attend to calls of impersonation and other illegal activities. After the screening of documents and fingerprints during the examination process, six complaints were forwarded to the police team on the basis of which six cases of impersonation were registered.While in one case, a man impersonated his relative, in the other cases the accused were friends with the original candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200080", "title": "Toll-free rides for Nashikites continue", "text": "NASHIK: While ambiguity continues over toll collection at the PNG Toll Plaza at Pimpalgaon, about 30km from Nashik city, motorists from Nashik, Pimpalgaon, Chandwad and Niphad continue to enjoy a toll-free ride on the highway between Gonde and Pimpalgaon.With over 75% of road-widening work between Gonde and Pimpalgaon on the Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH3) completed, PNG Tollway Private Ltd was supposed to commence operations at the toll plaza from October 1.However, leaders of different political parties had stormed the toll plaza in protest against the toll collection a couple of hours before the inauguration of the plaza, contending that they would not pay the toll until the entire work of the project was complete.Consequently, the company which could not collect the toll on the first day, started collecting it from October 2, exempting vehicles from Nashik from the toll until the issue was resolved. However, with a number of rounds of meetings between the construction company, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the District administration, the status quo continues.District collector Vilas Patil, meanwhile, informed that the concerned company should go ahead with toll collection and district administration can intervene in case of any law and order situation. Sources from NHAI also echoed his remarks.Leaders of the Niphad tehsil are of the view that the concerned company has started the toll collection before removing encroachments and completing the service roads along the main highway for a smoother ride.Local residents pointed out that while the company was claiming that 75% of the work is complete, there were patches on the highway where the work remained incomplete, forcing traffic to move at a snail's pace.Officials at NHAI informed that PNG Tollway Private Ltd has even decided to waive off the entire Rs 200 monthly processing fee for surveying people residing within 20km radius of the toll plaza and issuing them smart cards.However, nothing seems to be working. There also reports that the company is likely to start the toll collection on a regular basis in a few weeks from now and if required, also take the help of the district administration to prevent law and order situation. Sources said that the PNG Tollway Pvt Ltd is keen on seeking intervention from the district administration to resolve the imbroglio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203146", "title": "'A person dies of diabetes every 10 sec'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To mark the advent of World Diabetes Day on November 14, a public lecture was conducted at a private hospital in the city on Sunday.Dr Ajay Yadav, consultant vascular &amp; endovascular surgeon, said up to 25% of patients with diabetes would develop foot ulcer - more than half of all foot ulcers would become infected, requiring hospitalization and 20% of infections result in amputation. \"Diabetes contributes approximately 80% of all non-traumatic amputations performed yearly. After a major amputation, 50% of people would have their other limb amputated within two years,\" he said.Experts deliberated on the mortality rate as there is one person in the world dying of diabetes every 10 seconds, while there were two new diabetic cases in the world being identified every 10 seconds. Every 30 seconds there was a major amputation happening among diabetic patients and by 2025 there would be seven million new diabetic cases in the world, experts stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201193", "title": "Three arrested for robbing car driver", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police have arrested three of the six people, who allegedly robbed a car driver, dumped him on the roadside and fled in the car.The three arrested are Ganesh alias Manohar Rambhau Pawar(19), Pradeep Namdev Alonkar (21), and Mohammad Bichhu Mohammad Usman Khan (23). The car and two knives have been seized. Police are on the look out for the remaining three suspects.On November 8, the six, posing as passengers, boarded the vehicle and later robbed the driver near Wakad on the Katraj Dehu Road bypass.According to police, driver Anthony Lathisras Nadar, 34, a resident of Dharavi in Mumbai, was waiting near Bhumkar chowk at Wakad to pick up passengers at night when the six men boarded the car. A while later, one of the passengers pulled out a knife and threatened the driver. They drove the car via Pune-Mumbai highway to Kamshet and further up to Kolvan village near Pavana dam and dropped off the driver in the bushes and fled with the car.Announcing the arrests on Monday, Shahji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Zone III, declared a reward of Rs 10,000 to the police team that made the arrests.Satish Divare, senior inspector with the Hinjewadi police, said all the three accused appear to be seasoned criminals as they had abandoned the driver in an area which is very less frequented by people. The car was used by the accused for two days. \"Ganesh Pawar was driving the car with a fake number plate when he was arrested. We chased him for six to seven km. He stopped the car after we threatened to fire at him,\" Divare said.The robbers told police they had hired the car for Rs 700 to go to Vadgaon Maval. They paid the driver but he refused to accept it. Hence they robbed him.Satish Divare, senior police inspector, Hinjewadi police station said all the three accused appear to be seasoned criminals as they had abandoned the driver in an area which is very less frequented by people. The car was used by the accused for two days. Ganesh Pawar was driving the car with a fake number plate when he was arrested. We chased him for six to seven kilometers. He stopped the car after we warned him of firing on him from a revolver\", Divare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203427", "title": "Leopard spotted, escapes", "text": "LUDHIANA: A leopard that appeared on the outskirts of the city kept the forest officials on toes throughout Sunday. And later, it left them embarrassed after it escaped from the net laid on a well it had fallen in. Sources said a villager of Qadiyaan, about 3-4km from Jalandhar Bypass on Ludhiana-Jalandhar highway, spotted the leopard in the well at a pear orchard on Sunday morning. The villager immediately informed the police, who in turn conveyed the message to forest department officials.A team of forest officials headed by divisional forest officer (DFO), Ludhiana, Daljeet Singh Brar accompanied by range officers Kuldeep Singh and Jarnail Singh reached the spot and got a net laid on the well. The leopard failed twice but succeeded in escaping in its third attempt, leaving the forest officials red-faced.The forest authorities searched the adjoining Qadiyaan forests and farm houses, but couldn't spot the wild cat. They even made announcements in three neighbouring villages - Qadiyaan, Bhatiyaan and Kasabad - but there was no news about the leopard. Brar confirmed the leopard was spotted and escaped. \"We will continue our search in the forests tomorrow and are in constant touch with the neighbouring villagers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17201430", "title": "Mapusa subyard vendors demand rehab before eviction", "text": "MAPUSA: The vendors at the Mapusa market subyard of the Goa Agricultural Marketing Board have refused to evict themselves till a new place is given to them.Goa Agricultural Marketing Board has declared the subyard building as unsafe and has put up a notice that using the place is at the vendors' risk.With an aim to give a boost to marketing of agricultural products, the Margao-based Goa Agricultural Marketing Board had constructed the subyard in the year 1984.This is the only main centre for North Goa farmers to bring their produce of fruits and vegetables here and sell them at wholesale rates.Presently, the building is in a dilapidated condition and can collapse anytime. The slab has developed cracks and the pillars of the structure have became weak. The board has pasted a notice on the building that the same is in a bad state and likely to collapse anytime so those doing any business inside should vacate, else if any tragedy takes place the board should not be held responsible.Despite the notice, there are 32 shops selling fruits on the ground floor of the subyard building. Vendors alleged that despite collecting heavy taxes from them, the board did not carry out any repairs or maintenance works and because of that, the building is in pathetic state.\"Despite collecting heavy taxes from us, not a single pie was spent on repair and maintenance for the past 25 years. If the maintenance was carried out, this would not have been the state of the building,\" said Shyamsundar Gawas, chairman of the Mapusa subyard traders association.The vendors said that there was an assurance from the board that they will be provided with temporary arrangements but there was no written assurance of the same.\"We do understand that the building needs to be demolished but they should take us into confidence and provide us with the alternative arrangements before vacating us,\" Gawas said.\"There are 32 vendors earning their daily bread here. Where do they go? You just can't put up a notice that the building is unsafe. Provide us alternative arrangements and we will cooperate\" he added.Goa Agricultural Marketing Board secretary Ramesh Naik said, \"Before constructing the new building as a permanent solution, the present unsafe building will be demolished and the temporary shade will be constructed on the same place.\"\"The tender has been processed and the work order will be issued within a week's time to start work on the temporary arrangement,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199263", "title": "Ex-Armyman held guilty of killing son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has convicted a retired Army man for killing his son after he stood up for his wife whom his father had been abusing for her allegedly poor cooking.Additional Sessions Judge Rajneesh Kumar Gupta held Shish Ram guilty of killing his son.\"It is proved that the deceased was only pursuing the accused not to quarrel and that there was no threat to him. On the other hand, Ram shot the deceased in the chest with his gun at a close range, acting in a cruel and unusual manner,\" the court said.Ram was arrested on April 6, 2009, on the complaint of Purushottam's wife by Nihal Vihar police.The complainant told police that since marriage they had been living with their in-laws as a joint family. On the fateful day, a drunken Ram picked up a fight with her for allegedly not cooking properly and proceeded to use filthy language against her when her husband objected. Ram, however, became violent. He then went to his room, brought his gun and fired at Purushottam. Ram's counsel had argued that his client had been falsely implicated and the \"wife of the deceased has deposed falsely in order to grab her father-in-law's property\". The court, however, rejected his contention.\"The prosecution has proved its case beyond doubt. The accused is convicted under Section 302 (murder) of IPC,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17199867", "title": "New AC Shivneri service from Mumbai to Baramati", "text": "The MSRTC will operate a new AC Shivneri bus service from Mumbai to Baramati via Pune. The bus will leave Baramati at 6.30am and cover a distance of 255 km and travel through Morgaon, Hadapsar, Swargate-Pune, Wakad, Navi Mumbai before reaching Dadar in the afternoon. The return journey will start around 3pm from Dadar. The fare for an adult will be Rs 515 and for a child, Rs 300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17201551", "title": "Diwali celebrations at border posts for jawans", "text": "JAISALMER: BSF jawans guarding the borders of the country sitting hundreds of kilometers away from their homes are celebrating Diwali with pomp and show.Jawans have decorated the fencing adjoining the Pak border and BSF border posts with colourful lightings. It is a beautiful sight to see border posts decorated with candles and earthern clay lamps. Jawans are happy offering prayers at the temples situated at borders on Diwali. On the other hand, at the BSF headquarters, Diwali melas have been organised for the jawans and their family members.To ensure that the jawans do not feel homesick, special arrangements have been made by the BSF headquarters. Candles, sweets, crackers and puja items have been sent to the border posts.Lakshmi puja will be organized at the temples near border posts in which jawans of all religions will take part as a mark of religious harmony.\"Special arrangements have been made at the border posts to celebrate Diwali. Bada Khana (feast) has been arranged at all check posts and headquarters. Sweets and other delicacies have been sent from the headquarters,\" BSF DIG RK Thapa said.He added that Diwali fairs have also been organised at the battalion headquarters for jawans and their families, who were seen enjoying camel rides, playing games and relishing various delicacies at the food stalls.A huge Diwali fair at BSF sector south headquarters was held on Monday which was inaugurated by DIG BS Rajpurohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201866", "title": "Tourism in tiger reserves to cost more", "text": "NAGPUR: Tourism in the tiger reserves will cost more with the government planning to charge Rs 500 and Rs 750 as conservation fee from resorts. Recently the gate fee was increased and doubled on weekends and government holidays.The revised guidelines on ecotourism notified by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) on October 15, prescribes conservation fee on resorts in accordance to the number of beds in an accommodation facility. The state move follows the NTCA directives.Now, those wanting to stay in the resorts in the buffer and near the tiger reserves will be charged more. The state government is going to issue a GR this week. Till now these resorts reaped huge monetary benefits from tiger tourism but did not payback, except for employing a few individuals.Sources said that the community and home stays run by local villagers will be completely exempted. However, private resorts and facilities run by the state that have a capacity of 10 rooms will be charged Rs 500 per room per month and facilities having rooms above 10 will have to shell out Rs 750. The fee will have to be deposited in the bank account of tiger conservation foundation quarterly.SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, did not go into the details but said that the government is considering the matter and a formal GR is likely to be issued soon.\"The fund collected shall be earmarked to address local livelihood development, human-wildlife conflict management and conservation through eco-development. It will not go to the state exchequer as specified by the NTCA,\" Naqvi added.As per the NTCA guidelines, the government will also announce local advisory committees (LACs) for four tiger reserves - Tadoba, Pench, Melghat and Sahyadri. The LAC will be headed by divisional commissioner with respective field directors as the member-secretary. The term of LAC will be two years.The committee will have around 20 members including district collectors, deputy conservators, honorary wildlife wardens, tribal and tourism department officials, subdivisional officer (SDO), two panchayat samiti members, wildlife experts, local NGOs, and environmentalists.The committee for TATR is expected to include MLAs Sanjay Deotale, Vijay Waddetiwar and Nana Shyamkule. It will also include wildlife wardens Bandu Dhotre and Poonam Dhanwate, Yogendra Dudhpachare of Green Planet and others.Similarly, the LAC of Melghat reserve is expected to include MLA Kewalram Kale, wildlife warden Jayant Wadatkar, wildlife expert G N Wankhede, environmentalist Nishikant Kale of Nature Conservation Society Amravati (NCSA), Amol Sawant of Satpuda Foundation and others.The LAC for Pench will include Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal, wildlife warden Kundan Hate, wildlife expert Prafulla Bhamburkar, Anup Awasthi of Satpuda Foundation among others.The LAC will advise the government on formulation and effective implementation of the ecotourism policy. The respective field directors will be asked to prepare tourism plan for the core areas of reserves. This will also include 200 metre area on both sides of the visitors routes.The tiger reserves have been directed to submit tiger conservation plan (TCP) by December 1, 2012. The plans are expected to be forwarded to the NTCA in February after discussions. The NTCA had already issued a directive in this regard on November 5.The Ecotourism Plan* Guided walking trails for bird watching* Accommodation facilities, restaurants etc to be run by eco-development committees (EDCs) with local participation* Gypsies owned by villagers will get first preference* Online booking for vehicles* No resorts or facilities on forest land falling in the buffer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200898", "title": "UPA faces heat over alleged bid to dilute CAG\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy's denials, the government continued to face the heat over reported moves to dilute Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) authority by making it a three-member body with Opposition and activists flaying the move as a bid to gag the top auditor.After Narayanasamy said he had only referred to the recommendations of the V K Shunglu committee in the wake of the Commonwealth Games (CWG) in a general manner during an interview, finance minister P Chidambaram on Monday categorically stated that the government was not taking any view on altering the structure of the CAG.\"All I have seen is Narayanaswamy denying that he made any reference to that part of the issue. He was asked generally about what he was doing about the report. He said it is under consideration,\" the FM said in Chennai. \"There is no view of the government as such. If the government is taking any view, the finance minister will be involved in it...,\" he said.Narayanasamy's interview to PTI on Sunday sparked a controversy in the light of the government's adversarial relations with CAG Vinod Rai, whose reports on 2G, Coalgate, GMR-run Delhi airport, Reliance-operated KG gas fields and CWG have severely scalded the ruling coalition. The Shunglu committee's confidential report \u00e2\u20ac\u201d first reported by TOI on April 12, 2011 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that CAG be recast on the lines of the three-member Election Commission (EC) is before a group of ministers.BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad described Narayanasamy's alleged remarks on making CAG a multi-member body as a disturbing attempt to undermine the authority of the constitutional body. \"BJP takes serious objection to this disturbing attempt by the government... we seriously apprehend that this remark of the minister is not an off-the-cuff remark,\" said Prasad.\"We would like to warn this government that any attempt to reduce the authority of CAG and compromise the constitutional integrity of the state institutions will be seriously opposed both inside and outside the Parliament,\" he added.Kejriwal accused the government of playing politics in tampering with the Constitutional authority. \"Making it a multi-member body is not a solution. The selection process for the CAG should be independent and free from political bias,'' he added. AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit said it was just a recommendation by Shunglu panel and it was for the government to take a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201651", "title": "For many Muslim families, bursting firecrackers on Diwali is a routine", "text": "JAIPUR: Sixty-year-old Abdul Rashid was seen purchasing firecrackers along with his grandson at Kishanpole Bazaar on Monday. Like him, many others of the Muslim community were also busy buying the best lot of firecrackers for their family members to join the Diwali festivities.\"Hamarey Abbu hamein Nahargarh pe roshni dikhaney le jaatey thee, aur hum apne bachchon ko patakhey dilwate rahe hain (My father used to take me to Nahargarh to see the lighting of the city and I have been taking my kids to purchase firecrackers),\" said Rashid, who lives at Ramganj Bazaar.He added that many Muslim families are also into bursting firecrackers for generations since they are also selling it.\"Some of our relatives have been getting the licences for selling firecrackers for years. Since we see a big lot of firecrackers during the Diwali season, one can't resist bursting them,\" said Imtiyaz Hussain, who owns a grocery store at the Chandpole bazaar.Many Muslims engaged in the manufacturing of the jewellery and gemstone are elated as their employers have given them an extended holiday of a week. Like everyone who is into the festive mood, they too are planning to make their Diwali - big and grand.\"It is always good to complete things like dinner by 9 pm and go for a visit to the Walled City markets to see the lighting. And after return it is a must to burst firecrackers,\" Hussain added.The wholesale traders also accepted the fact that some of the enthusiasts pay a big amount to them to collect a good lot of firecrackers.\"Diwali is a festival where people irrespective of their religion buy firecrackers. I have many Muslim customers who have been coming to buy firecrackers,\" said Naresh Mittal, a wholesale dealer of the firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17204355", "title": "BHU VC in city on November 19", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Vice-chancellor Banaras Hindu University , Dr Lalji Singh, and former director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad is visiting Allahabad to deliver this year's Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture at Jawahar Planetarium, Anand Bhawan on November 19, on the topic: Who Are We and Where Have We Come From.Born in Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh, Dr Lalji Singh is a distinguished life scientist who has worked in the field of genetics and published more than 226 research papers in internationally reputed journals.Dr Singh has been honoured with the fellowship of the Third World Science Academy besides all major Indian National Science Academies and Societies. He has also been awarded with DSc degree (honouris causa) in Science by numerous Universities.Besides, a dedicated scientist Dr Singh is an outstanding communicator as well and his lectures are easily accessible to specialists and general audiences. In his Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture he will dwell on the topic of human evolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201182", "title": "65-year-old held for attacking wife", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Monday afternoon arrested a 65-year-old man for allegedly attacking his wife with a sickle around 2.30 pm on Monday.Senior inspector Kishore Jadhav, in-charge of the Yerawada police station, said that Govind Rajaram Khedekar, a resident of Sainathnagar in Vadgaonsheri, suspecting the fidelity of his wife, Ranjana (58), attacked her twice on the head.The victim received two injuries on her head and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. She is in an unconscious state; Jadhav said and added that her daughter in-law Bharati Khedekar has registered a complaint of attempted murder against her father in-law under section 307 of the Indian Penal Code.Investigations have revealed that relations between the couple had turned sour over the issue of fidelity. The victim's family members had time and again tried to convince Khedekar, but he continued to suspect her. Khedekar was working as a security guard in a private firm till October 31, Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200973", "title": "N Chandrababu Naidu asked to raise Telangana slogan during his padyatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior TRS MLA Pocharam Srinivas Reddy trained his guns on TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu by asking him to raise 'Jai Telangana' slogan at least once during his ongoing padyatra in Telangana region. Speaking to media persons at the party office here on Monday, Srinivas Reddy said that Naidu was only keen on grabbing power in the 2014 elections. He said TRS has no faith in the TDP chief and his party, and the people of the region too would never believe Naidu.The MLA said the TRS was opposed to the Congress and the TDP as both the parties were against separate statehood for Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201099", "title": "Treasury empty, CM's 3% GDP growth nonsense: Goa Mining People's Front", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Mining People's Front has rubbished chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement that there has been a 3% growth in GDP . The group includes truckers, mine workers and other mining-dependent people. Its leader, Communist Party of India (CPI) general secretary, Christopher Fonseca, said, \"The government treasury was empty and the 3% growth statement doesn't make sense.\"He added, \"Let the government speak the truth and not lie to the people.\" The group has demanded that the government take action on the basis of the Justice Shah commission report against those involved in illegal mining. It also wants the state to take legal recourse to recover the loss caused to the exchequer.Pointing to the Odisha government imposing fines on mining firms indulging in illegalities and pollution there, the front's convener, Suhaas Naik, said the Goa government should have no difficulty in doing the same. He called for the nationalization of mining in Goa.Listing out their demands, the front said it wants the government to create a mining-affected peoples' relief fund via a special corpus fund of 5,000 crore. This would be used to \"suitably compensate\" people affected by the mining ban in the state. It further wants the government to work towards restoring agriculture, horticulture, forest lands and water bodies that have suffered damage over the years from mining activities. Credible alternatives for employment and livelihood for people and youth in the mining belt is also a demand.Calling for the restart of all legal mining operations in Goa in a scientific and sustainable manner, the front wants the government to ensure job security and continued employment of all mine workers with full wages. It also wants that 30% of profits earned by mining lease holders should be used for the development of the taluka and areas where the leases are.To make their voices heard and to mobilize public supports for their demands, the front has decided to launch a sustained struggle. A public meeting will be held at Curchorem-Sanvordem on November 17 at 4pm and another meeting will be held at Usgao-Tisk on November 24 at 4pm. Mass campaign meetings from November 30 to December 17 all over Goa with a mass chain hunger strike in Panaji from December 5-17 have also been planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199468", "title": "Vice-chancellor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Diwali visit surprises Delhi University teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The DUTA office had a surprise visitor on the eve of Diwali. DU vice chancellor Dinesh Singh who, teachers allege, has not met them for two years, visited the DUTA office to convey his Diwali greetings about 2.45pm and conveyed his greetings to them.The VC also had an informal interaction with those present including DUTA president Amar Deo Sharma.The vice chancellor also visited the DUSU and DUKU offices to wish the students and non-teaching staff a happy Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199500", "title": "Lights, colours, action: Mumbai set to ring in Diwali", "text": "MUMBAI: The philosophy inherent in Diwali celebrations bears the eternal flame of truth. Few fail to notice that it is the dark night of Kartik Amavasya that brings with it the brightest festival of the Hindu calendar. Waging their own battles against inflation and corruption, citizens will celebrate Deepavali on Tuesday.\"A solar eclipse will envelop parts of the world, but will have no effect on India,\" says Acharya Ravindra Nagar of Birla Mandir, New Delhi.Families put their jewellery and vehicles on display and indulge in new clothes and sweets. Every home and office dedicates a prayer to Goddess Lakshmi. Rangolis will adorn homes. Rice lights and lanterns have already turned the city into fairyland.The Mahalaxmi temple will conduct its everyday rituals. \"We do not have a special puja. However, devotees, particularly traders, arrive to get their account books blessed after chopdi pujan,\" says temple manager S V Padhye.Bombay Stock Exchange will perform Lakshmi puja around 1pm followed by felicitation of the top volume makers of the share market. \"Mahurat trading session will take place at 3.45pm,\" says spokesperson Ketan Mehta.Worship of Goddess Lakshmi is alike in northern and western parts of the country but not as prevalent in south India. \"Our festivities focus on slaying of the demon Mahasura by Bhim. It is this legend that prompts the pre-sunrise oil bath. Feasting gets underway after the morning worship and the women are ready with a spread of the choicest savouries and sweets,\" says V S Sundaram, secretary, New Bombay Tamil Sangham.The Sikh community will visit the gurdwara. In the evening, the courtyard of GTB Nagar's Dashmesh Darbar will be lit up with 'deepmala' or row of oil lamps, just as Golden Temple is on Diwali. \"Diwali marks the return of Guru Hargobind who secured the release of 52 Hindu kings,\" says Bhai Balbir Singh of Dashmesh Darbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17204159", "title": "Another farmer killed in Kokrajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: There is no let-up in violence in Kokrajhar with unidentified gunmen killing another farmer at Banglabari in Gossaigaon at 10.30 am on Monday. The victim has been identified as Ali Hussain (35).Sources said Ali, along with two others, were harvesting paddy when unknown miscreants attacked them with sharp weapons and later shot Ali dead. Two other farmers, however, managed to escape.Following the violence, locals of Banglabari staged a demonstration against Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administration for failing to maintain law and order in the area. They also blocked rail tracks at Choutara station for hours. Security personnel comprising police, CRPF and other paramilitary forces rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.Police and security personnel had to fire in the air to disperse the mob and control the situation. All educational institutions were closed in view of tension in the area, a source said.After a lull of nearly three months, fresh violence erupted in Bodoland on Saturday when a Muslim farmer was shot dead at Bajugaon village in Gossaigaon. A Bodo youth was hacked to death in a retaliatory attack at Bedlangmari near Kokrajhar town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200895", "title": "'Programme helped me find my true calling'", "text": "CHENNAI: For 17-year-old Vaishnavi Ramaswamy the Times Scholars programme helped realize her true calling while she stood at the crossroads of her life.\"After Class 12 most students are confused about what to do. I was no different. I love science, but I was unsure about what to do next and then Times Scholars happened. This helped me assess myself and discover my true calling,\" said Vaishnavi. She is among 20 students from across the country adjudged Times Scholars.Attributing her success to her family, the teenager said every step of the programme was a learning experience. \"I wouldn't have applied for the programme hadn't it been for my parents and grandfather. They had more confidence in me than I had in myself,\" Vaishnavi of The Hindu Senior Secondary School, Indira Nagar, said. After sailing through three rounds of merit-based tests, Vaishnavi was pitted against 104 other students at the national level in Delhi, held on November 2 and 3.\"We were interviewed by two panels of judges, who assessed our problem-solving abilities, general knowledge and aptitude,\" she said.On how the programme helped her, she said, \"It helped me fine-tune my skills and broaden my knowledge on various issues. Now, I know exactly what I want to do in life. I want to get into a sector that combines my love for pure science and allows pursuing my interest in applied science,\" she said.Along with Vaishnavi, another city student, Vibhalakshmi Sivaraman, also clinched the top honour. Both students, along with 18 others, will receive a scholarship of 5 lakh each for their further studies.'Times Scholars', an initiative of the Times of India, recognises and rewards the country's brightest young minds. Of the 45,000 applications received, 3,800 were shortlisted for a test, 500 made it to the interviews and 105 were selected for the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17204025", "title": "Decoy candidates' HP tour ends in jail", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The decoy candidates and their allies, who were arrested by the CBI on Saturday for leaking out the question paper of MS/MD entrance examination of PGIMER here, had told their parents before embarking on their 'Chandigarh mission' that they were on an eight-day tour to Himachal Pradesh.However, the 15-member gang from Andhra Pradesh , headed by P Gurivi Reddy, landed behind bars after a CBI team foiled their attempt to leak out the question paper with the help of hi-tech phones and gadgets.Before leaving their homes in Hyderabad, the gang members told their parents they were going to Himachal for eight days and would return on November 16.Kutty Murthy, uncle of Jagdeepan, an accused in the case, said, \"He had left his house telling his parents that he is going on a tour and will travel to Shimla and other places in Himachal and return on November 16. We came to know about the reality when a CBI inspector called Jagdeepan's father informing him his son is in the lockup.\" Jagdeepan is a BTech student at a private engineering institute.Murthy and five other family members of the gang came to Chandigarh on Monday to meet their children and spent more than six hours before the CBI headquarters at Sector 30 where the gang members are being interrogated.A relative of another accused Subhadra, one of the decoy candidates and a BSc student, said, \"She was staying at a rented accommodation in Hyderabad. She had called her parents to say that she was going on a college tour.\" Subhadra and two other girls - Rehemy Namisa and Prameeta - are close friends.Kin of the accused are now searching for lawyers to plead their children's case. Murthy has already obtained contact numbers of two advocates in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17200951", "title": "Lab finds homeo cure for dengue", "text": "A homeopathic drug extracted from a plant native to the US and used as a traditional medicine in that country the 19th century, promises a cure for dengue, says a study by the state-run King Institute of Preventive Medicine.The King Institute team headed by a Chennai-based homoeopath administered the drug extracted from Eupatorium perfoliatum to 50 patients with secondary dengue and found all of them recovered. \"The platelet counts came under control for almost all patients and blood tests showed marked improvement,\" said King Institute director Dr P Gunasekaran. The study, lead by Dr N R Jayakumar of Madan Homoeo Clinic, was presented at an international symposium on 'Challenges and strategies in the prevention and management of viral infections' at Central Learther Research Institute recently.Jayakumar said it wasn't a new idea to administer the drug to patients with dengue. Earlier the drug was given to patients in Delhi and Sri Lanka during epidemics. In June, the drug was administered to dengue patients at the Madurai Government Rajaji Hospitals. \"We wanted to scientifically prove the drug is efficient. The patients were given two doses a day. The platelet count of all the patients improved. The good thing about this drug is that it can also be given alongside allopathic medicines,\" Dr Jayakumar said.\"In allopathic medicine, there is no drug for this disease. The only treatment is IV fluids to replace body fluids. Most patients we chose for the study had platelet count less than 10,000. We prevented death and blood transfusion in all the 50 patients who took this drug,\" said Dr Gunasekaran.Dengue virus is spread by aedes mosquito. The symptoms include fever, headache, body pain and rashes. Some patients develop life-threatening dengue hemorrhagic fever, resulting in bleeding, low levels of blood platelets and blood plasma leakage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201298", "title": "HSC students can attempt exam twice under class improvement scheme", "text": "PUNE: Higher secondary certificate (HSC) students will now get two chances to improve their scores under the class improvement scheme (CIS), introduced by the state education board. Earlier, students could appear for the exam under CIS only in October. Now, if students are not happy with their October marks, they can appear for the exam again in February-March.The scheme enables students to reappear for exam, to improve his or her overall score. It's a significant move considering the equal weightage given to HSC and national joint entrance exam (JEE) for engineering admissions from 2014-15. The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education introduced this scheme which was effective from the results of the first batch of the HSC new course (introduced in 2007-08).CIS is a 'novel concept' wherein, if the student has passed in March exam, he/she can take the CIS option in the supplementary exam in October. \"If the student is still not happy with the result, there is another chance in February-March, wherein s/he can again appear for exam for improvement in marks,\" Sarjerao Jadhav, board chairman said.Following the results of both, October and February-March exam, the student can take a call on retaining either of the exam's mark sheet. The marksheet will carry a specific 'CIS' remark.Jadhav said, \"Soon, equal weightage will be given to JEE and HSC exam for admissions to engineering colleges. Hence, it will be important that HSC students score really well in the Board exam. CIS will help them better their past scores, not once but twice.\"For admissions to engineering colleges, the weightage of HSC exams will be based on the marks secured in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM). Those securing less than 50% will not qualify for admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200854", "title": "Mounting garbage raises a stench at Alandur Road", "text": "CHENNAI: It promises to be a stale Diwali for residents of Alandur Road in Saidapet where garbage has not been cleared from the transfer station for more than two weeks. The stench has spread to the other side of the adjoining flyover and mountains of uncleared waste present an extremely ugly sight. And the problem is mounting as garbage continues to be dumped there despite repeated complaints.Garbage collected from areas under the Chennai Corporation is taken to transfer stations from where it is moved to the designated dump yards in Kodungaiyur in the north and Perungudi in the south. More often than not, there is a delay in shifting the garbage to the final dumping ground. According to corporation rules, the garbage must not remain at the transfer stations for more than 24 hours.\"It is a cyclical process and waste is shifted to the disposal stations normally within a day. Due to some problem at the Perungudi disposal site, the garbage was not moved,\" said a corporation official, unwilling to accept that the garbage had been at Alandur Road for more than two weeks.The residents are protesting. Said Vijay, a resident, said: \"The stench is unbearable and the rotting garbage breeds a lot of mosquitoes. There have been two cases of dengue in the past few weeks. Also, there are cases where non-conservancy workers litter garbage on the roads.\" Yuvraj, another resident, said, \"we have made several complaints but garbage continues to accumulate here for weeks before being shifted to Perungudi.\"According to estimates, Municipal Solid Waste Management (MSWM) generation in Chennai has increased from 600 to 3,500 tonnes per day (tpd) over the last 20 years which has made it a metropolis with one of the highest per capita solid waste generation rates in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201123", "title": "Land slide victims take out protest march to collectorate", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Pulloorampara landslide victims took out a protest march to the collectorate on Monday demanding better compensation for the victims of the disaster.According to farmers' action committee from the region, families of farmers from the landslide hit region at Pulloorampara and Kodenchery were offered a compensation, which was much lesser compared to the compensation offered to the landslide victims at Kothamangalam.Families of persons who lost their lives in the landslide at Pulloorampara were given Rs 3 lakh when those at Kothamangalam were given Rs 5 lakh, said former MLA George M Thomas, who is also the chairman of the action committee. \"We want the government to give Rs 5 lakh compensation to the families of the diseased,\" he added.According to the protesters over 150 houses were damaged in the mishap.\"Though the state government had promised to allot new land to the affected farmers, their grievances are yet to be addressed,\" they alleged.CPM district secretary T P Ramakrishnan inaugurated the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203778", "title": "BMC seeks nod to collect holding tax at old rate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation has sent a letter to the principal secretary, housing and urban development department, seeking permission to follow the old rate of holding tax as dues mount up to Rs 10 crore.BMC's revised holding tax rate was stayed by the Orissa high court following a petition by Confederation of Citizens' Association, Bhubaneswar. The civic body could not collect holding tax following the court order.\"We have sent a letter to the principal secretary, H&UD; department, to allow us to collect holding tax, which has been pending since August 2011, at the old rate. The notification for new holding tax rates was given in December 2010. But after the citizens' forum moved the high court against the increased rates, it has since been stayed,\" said K P Pati, deputy commissioner, BMC.The civic body's decision to raise holding tax 20 times was met with sharp reactions from the citizens. \"The old rate for residential houses per 100 sq ft was Rs 48 but the new rate for the same area is fixed at Rs 988, about 20 times. Since the new rate was not implemented, we are again going to collect tax on the basis of old rates,\" said Pati.A rough estimation shows BMC has not collected tax from at least 20,000 holdings - including residential, commercial, hospitals, hotels and other government and private establishments - since August 2011. Barring the tax assessment for 20,000 holdings, present demand for tax is Rs 30 crore, for which assessment has been done.Sources said BMC had been following holding tax as per the valuation in 1976, which evaluated the tax at Rs 13.65 per sq m. Last year, BMC collected holding tax to the tune of Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200666", "title": "Port assures industry of maintaining commitment", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), on Monday, convened a meeting with several companies and industry bodies and assured the port users that all measures are being taken to maintain a smooth flow of cargo from the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). This was as much a confidence building measure for trade and industry as for the port itself.Every year, KoPT spends nearly Rs 200 crore on salaries and a similar amount on pension. Other expenses come to over Rs 600 crore. In 2011-12, KoPT's earnings amounted to nearly Rs 1,500 crore but its surplus (profit) was a mere Rs 400 crore. Much of its earnings came from HDC. At this juncture, if trade and industry were to decide to move to other ports, KoPT may find it difficult to maintain its finances.The port users present included Tata, SAIL, NTPC , Coastal Energy and Adani. Representatives from the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Bharat Chamber of Commerce, CII, FICCI and Bengal National Chamber of Commerce and Industry were also present.\"Everybody seemed to understand the situation and said that they have faith that KoPT will not fail them. We have asked them to submit their ship plans in advance. This will help us manage the handling of gearless ships better,\" KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain said.Ashish Shukla of Adani \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a company which brings in non-coking coal for NTPC, WBPDCL and DVC \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said that he is confident that they would get to move in 1.5 million tonnes through HDC in 2012-13. In 2011-12, Adani had moved 1.6 million tonnes through the port.According to Jain, the industry players were also assured that the port would evacuate the 350,000 tonnes dry bulk cargo lying at berths 2 and 8 in next one and a half months. The KoPT's board of trustees has also decided to allow a private party to bring in and operate a floating crane at the Sandheads for transloading operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203164", "title": "Cellphone dealer told to replace faulty handset", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Refusal to replace a faulty cellphone proved costlier for a city-based dealer as the consumer disputes redressal forum accused it of being deficient in its service, and has imposed a fine on it. Besides, the forum has also directed the dealer to replace the faulty handset.According to the complaint, B K Srivastava, a resident of Sector 24, had bought a cellphone from Spice Hotspot in Sector 22 on March 13. The complainant said: \"The phone started giving problems just two days after purchase. There were frequent call drops and background noise. I approached the dealer twice to replace the handset but was refused.\"\"Ultimately, I sent a legal notice March 21 but despite that, the opposition party refused to replace the cellphone,\" the complainant said.The company said the product was in a sealed box and in case there was any problem with the device, it should have been brought to the notice of the manufacturer. It was added that the retailer cannot be made liable for the replacement as the same is responsibility of the manufacturer.In its judgment, the forum maintained that the dealer is the person, who in the market comes into direct contact with the consumer and he assures about the quality of the goods sold, and in case the consumer/complainant had a problem with the mobile handset, the dealer was under an obligation to refer the matter to the manufacturer for necessary relief, which was not done.The forum directed the opposition party to replace the mobile handset of the complainant with brand new one of the same model and make. Besides, they are also directed to pay Rs 5,000 towards compensation and litigation cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200921", "title": "5 brothers held in murder case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Monday arrested five brothers in connection with the murder of history-sheeter Santosh.The Amberpet police arrested K Srikanth, 23, his younger brothers K Rajanikanth, 22, K Muralikanth, 21, K Krishnakanth, 20, and K Bharathkanth, 19, of Raghunathnagar in Amberpet. On November 5 night, the five brothers with the assistance of their friends Raju and Ashok launched an attack on Santosh with knives, iron rods and boulders when he was waiting near Latest Sweet shop at Kattelamandi.With critical injuries, Santosh died on the spot. After committing the murder, the brothers fled to Pocharam village and took shelter at an under-construction building. The brothers were nabbed at Ramanthapur bus stop on Monday when they were waiting to meet an advocate. Raju and Ashok are still absconding.Police said that the murder was a revenge killing. On January 1, Santosh allegedly murdered Padma, mother of the five at her house in Ramanthapur over a petty issue.Santosh was arrested in that case and released on bail a few months ago. Since his release on bail, the brothers had been waiting for an opportune moment to take revenge. On November 5, they were informed that Santosh was waiting at Kattelamandi and they quickly formed a team and executed the murder, Amberpet inspector A Srinivas said. The five were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205285", "title": "My songs help me cope with breakups, Taylor Swift", "text": "Taylor Swift has said that her songs help her understand the worst parts of her breakups.The singer, who has dated teen idols like John Mayer , Joe Jonas and Jake Gyllenhaal , even writes songs on her exes.\"Some combinations of people are toxic, you know? You have to find the right one that isn't just going to explode into fiery ash and destruction,\" Fox News quoted her as saying.\"Despite all of that and how unpleasant it is, as a writer you get a lot from it. It's a crazy justification system.\"You know that guy you really wish you could erase from your memory? But then the answer is track six, eight, 12, and 13,\" she said. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199294", "title": "Man critical after aspiring civil servant rams car into him", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old aspiring civil servant, Nirali Saloni, was arrested knocking down a pedestrian near Hindmata, Parel on Monday afternoon.Sub-inspector (Bhoiwada police) Avinash Jagtap said, \"A huge mob had gathered at the spot and Saloni, who was in her Swift with her mother and sister, panicked. She fled but stopped when she spotted a traffic policeman. She narrated the incident to the traffic constable, who brought her to the police station.\"Another police officer told TOI, \"The man is critically injured and unconscious. The police rushed him to KEM Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment. We want to inform his relatives but don't know who he is or where he lives. We are trying to establish his identity.\"The police have booked Saloni for causing grievous hurt as well as rash and negligent driving, both of which are bailable offences under the Indian Penal Code. \"Saloni was not drunk at the time of the accident. She was on her way to south Mumbai for shoppingWe are recording her statement and the probe is still on,\" said the officer. Saloni's family members visited the police station and discussed the case with the police.Trailer mows down womanThe Byculla police arrested a trailer driver, Dhondiram Jadhav (32) for crushing a woman to death near Mazgaon. According to cops, the deceased, Aayesha Ali (26) was walking by the roadside when she allegedly fainted and came under the trailer's rear tyre on Monday. The accident occurred around 10.30am. Police said the deceased resided in a slum near Nariyalwadi graveyard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205430", "title": "Denise Richards adopts puppy during sandy aftermath", "text": "Denise Richards has taken in a new shelter puppy after touring a section of Hurricane Sandy's disaster relief area in New York City.The 41-year-old is helping a Long Island shelter inundated with extra animals needing homes in the wake of Superstorm Sandy.The actress visited a North Shore Animal League America shelter in Long Island, New York on Saturday to encourage adoptions and help with relief operations.In a post on Twitter.com, she wrote, \"Heading to an animal shelter, to help out. Over 600 rescued from the hurricane. My girls are coming to help too.\"And the mum of three was so enamoured with one particular little pooch, a black Labrador Retriever mix named Tara, that she adopted the mutt on the spot.A message on the organisation's Facebook.com page reads, \"During their visit Denise and her family fell in love with Tara the Labrador Mutt-i-gree puppy and welcomed her into their home!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17205226", "title": "Seminar suggests measures to increase participation of women at top management levels", "text": "BANGALORE: Though the participation of women in entry level jobs is increasing, there continues to be a dearth of women leaders in top positions in India. There are very few women directors in the boards of companies. Workplace discriminations still exist. Speakers at the Women Leadership Conference organised recently by CII on the theme, 'Women in Business- Taking Centre Stage in 21st Century' in Bangalore discussed many such topics and suggested measures to increase the participation of women at the top management levels.Maternity leave policies, work environment, lack of motivation, and discrimination in company boards are some of the reasons for dismal presence of women at the top positions, according to speakers.PH Vijaya Deepti, convenor, Women Industry Panel, CII Karnataka &amp; vice-president of Tata Consultancy Services , said, \"The Tata group has always been a pioneer in empowering women and leveraging women power. If we challenge ourselves and organisations at everystep, it will transform our future for the better.\"According to TV Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Educational Services Pvt Ltd, \"Bangalore has per capita income of $9,500, which is higher than that of Mumbai and Delhi. Though there are more women in IT industry than any other industry, the numbers are only at entry level. In IT, they constitute 40% at the entry level, 25% at middle level and only 8% at the top level. When maternity leave is considered as work period, 85% of women came back to work. Only 4% of the company boards have women. 50% of the boards never thought of having women on boards. Globally 9.8% of the board directors are women. 21st century is century of change globally and it is the century of women.\"Lata Subramanyam, director- HR Global Business Services, IBM India, said, \" More than 100 years ago, IBM hired first female employee and our present CEO today is woman. We have women in many positions in between and have several programmes for empowering women employees. IBM is recognised globally for women empowerment. Diverse organisations are successful organisations. In order to do that, we need diversified HR.\"Singer Vasundhara Das, said that the journey of an artist can be described as series of dots that align, disperse and realign in response to cinrcumstances. \"Failures help us to conduct reality checks and realign those dots. I am running a company that trains corporate people with music and rhythms,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17203728", "title": "Diwali: Cracker factories raided, 12 arrested", "text": "BERHAMPUR: In a crackdown on illegal manufacture and sale of firecrackers in Ganjam district on the eve of Diwali, police on Monday took at least a dozen persons into custody and seized crackers in huge quantity from them.Raids were conducted in some villages under Aska, Hinjili, Polasara and Purushottampur police limits. \"We had identified some pockets where firecrackers are manufactured and sold illegally,\" said SP (Ganjam) Ashish Singh.At least 15 persons have died in explosions at illegal cracker units in the district in the last six years.Most of the mishaps were reported from Nalabanta, about 40 km from here. The village known as Shivakasi of Odisha is famous for crackers like Talaphotoka, Kumpi, Chakra and Mathabi, most of which are made from palm leaves.In Berhampur, the district administration had asked cracker sellers to open shops at the mango market on the outskirts of the town. As many as 81 outlets have been opened. Besides local-made crackers, ornamental crackers manufactured at Sivakashi in Tamil Nadu are also being sold here, said Inku Gouda, president of the cracker sellers'association.The sale of crackers, however, has shown a downward trend courtesy price rise and continuous rain triggered by cyclone Nilam, in the first week of the month, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202436", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDiyas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 see revival in demand", "text": "PATNA: Potters here are hopeful that the dying traditional art of making earthen 'diyas' and clay pottery will witness a revival as people who are environment-friendly are eager to illuminate their homes in a traditional way on the occasion of Diwali.Subhash, a potter, is happy with his stock of earthen 'diyas' and hopes, \"They will be spreading light in so many houses on Diwali.\" He also said, \"Besides Diwali, we don't have much work for rest of the year when all we do is to make 'kullhads' (earthen teacups), which too are not much in use now. Another potter Birju feels, \"We have to make the 'diyas' attractive against the competition offered by electric series of lighting.\"\"Pottery is no more a profitable business. Sales have slumped over the years. But from last year, the demand for earthen 'diyas' has once again increased. We, therefore, decided to increase the number of 'diyas' we make this Diwali,\" said Teju Prajapati, a potter residing at Kurji.The elderly man, however, pointed out that fairy bulbs, which come cheap at Rs 25-30 per five-metre string, had already dealt a blow to traditional 'diyas'.Decorating houses with earthen lamps is both cumbersome and costly. After buying 'diyas' for Rs 60-70 per hundred pieces, one has to clean them and arrange for wicks and oil, the cheapest variety of which comes at Rs 60 per litre. Yet, people are slowly going back to traditional ways of decorating lights, realizing its scientific importance. What has lowered the enthusiasm of the potters is the rising cost of 'mitti' (clay) used in making the pottery. Despite all odds, potters spin the wheels to create the earthen lamps.\"Chikni mitti (smooth clay) is used to make the lamps. The rise in its cost has increased the cost of production. Thus, our profit margin has gone down. But we will not give up and keep this traditional art alive,\" said a potter at Nayatola.\"Earthen lamps made by the potters add a unique glitter to the houses. They weave their own magic. The poetic beauty of the flickering flame is simply enchanting. This Diwali, I have made up my mind to illuminate my house with traditional 'diyas',\" said Manju Mishra, a housewife.\"I make around 20,000 'diyas' every festive season. I cast and fire my wares during Durga Puja,\" said Hemant and maintained that many urban potters buy 'diyas' from others in villages to sell them in the urban market for Diwali.\"As it is, we don't get clay in the city. It is collected from the banks of Ganga. Then, a proper clay mould has to be prepared and, finally, the lamps are cast and fired. We are resigned to our fate as we have been doing this since childhood,\" he said.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200023", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAction against officials absent at grievance meets\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NASHIK: While deciding to conduct Lokshahi Din at tehsil levels in addition to the existing practice of conducting them at district headquarters, the state government has sought strict action against officials who stay away from such events.\"The new government resolution has asked for information about the officials absent, the reason and the remarks as well, indicating departmental action against the officials through collector,\" district collector Vilas Patil said.The government has declared that apart from conducting Lokshahi Din (when citizens meet officials directly to redress grievances) at district level, it would also be held at the tehsil level.There are occasions when the officials do not turn up at the Lokshahi Din and the complainants do not get justice for days. Officials sometimes ask their deputies to attend meetings and the deputies are unable to reply or even take decisions, lengthening the duration of justice.\"Earlier the presence of officers was simply noted down. Now the change is that the government has asked us to note the reason and remarks as well. This will in-turn be sent to respective senior offices for further action,\" the collector said.The tehsil-level Lokshahi Din has also started. This also means that the citizens cannot appeal for justice unless they give mandatory 30 days' time at the tehsil level before applying for justice with collector.When queries related to tehsil office come up at district-level Lokshahi Din, the same papers are sent to tehsil office and replies sought which are then sent to the applicant. \"Now the citizens can directly file their applications with tehsil office and seek justice,\" the collector said.Besides, the new system of Lokshahi Din will not entertain complaints that have not reached the office at least 15 days prior to the date of the conducting of 'Lokshahi Din'. \"The complaints have to reach us 15 days before the meet so that the respective department can go through it and be ready with the solution on the day,\" the collector said.\"This means that the span to redress complaints has gone up from 30 days to 45 days. It may be noted that many of the complaints under the Lokshahi Din are not resolved within 30 days,\" a consumer activist, not willing to quote, said, even as he welcomed plenary action against the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200893", "title": "Shopkeepers count losses", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police reigned over Old City on Monday forcing a pal of gloom on the residents on the eve of Diwali. Residents wondered about the massive police presence and questioned if it was necessary. With more than 2,000 cops in a contingent, Old City resembled a fortress for the second day in a row. All shops from Madina to Shah Ali Banda Crossroads and beyond remained closed. Motorists who headed for Charminar were diverted through a labyrinth of lanes as all major routes towards the monument were cordoned off. Traders were a disappointed lot as police ensured that any attempts to open shops later in the day were thwarted.Hawkers, particularly fruit vendors, were the worst-hit as their festive sales witnessed a drop. Mohammed Ashraf, a wedding accessories seller, said, \"Business has been low for the last two weeks ever since violence erupted in the city. Most of my clients are from other parts of the city. I have not been able to deliver the furniture booked and my clients have refused to venture into Old City despite my assurances of safety. The presence of cops in such huge numbers is unnerving.\"As police blocked all entry points, foreign tourists who ventured into Old City on Monday were also affected. We came for shopping and did not know that all the shops would be closed. We were asked to return as it was not safe here, a group of foreign students, who came to visit the Charminar on Monday, said.Meanwhile, Bhagyalakshmi temple remained cordoned off and the devout were seen offering prayer from a distance at Gulzar Houz.Businessmen from Old City said they incurred more than 25% loss in the last two days. \"Traders are unhappy as Diwali sale is very important for them. This curfew like situation is beyond the understanding of the business community,\" rued Abid Moinuddin, General Secretary, Old City Traders' Association.For residents, Diwali this time around has brought little cheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17200601", "title": "Lalkhoti to re-open on November 15", "text": "DARJEELING: Lalkhoti, an iconic building in Darjeeling that has become the headquarters of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA), had closed its doors to visitors over a decade ago. Come November 15, it will again allow entry to tourists.Located on the upper fringes of the town, Lalkhoti used to be one of the favourite sightseeing points for the tourists. Though not allowed to venture inside the premises, they could get an outside view of the place. It had gained prominence after the shooting of \"Lalkuthi\", a film starring Danny Denzongpa , Utpal Dutt and Tanuja and directed by Kanak Mukherjee in 1978.However, it was made out of bounds for tourists and locals after the attempt to assassinate Subash Ghisingh in February, 2001. In fact, the incident prompted Ghisingh to put up a high wall around the premises. Flood lights were installed all around the building and thick grass cover was grown to make the structure invisible from outside.But now, tourists will be able to visit the place that offers grand view of the surrounding areas from specific points inside the premises. It also boasts of a garden and two small ponds with variety of fishes.\"We will allow visitors inside the premises of Lalkhoti from November 15. They can take snaps of the surrounding area that has been beautified and offers great view of Darjeeling town,\" said Sonam Bhutia, tourism department secretary of the GTA. The GTA has decided to charge Rs 20 as entrance fee from tourists. \"We basically want to promote the place as a tourist destination just as it was in the past. The amount that will be collected in the form of entry fee will be utilized for its maintenance,\" Bhutia said. Locals, though, will not be charged.In fact, work will soon start to make cobbled pathways and a lighting system within the premises. Exotic plants will also be planted around the area. \"We have made plans to design the area into a tourist-friendly spot,\" said the tourism secretary.Bhutia, however, said that tourist would not be allowed to enter the office areas inside the main building. But, a tourist could meet GTA chief executive Bimal Gurung if and when he is available. \"Gurung has quite a following outside Darjeeling Hills. I have received several requests from tourists to get them to take photographs with the GTA chief executive. We feel it is always nice to interact with people,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201438", "title": "Air fares soar this Diwali; Europe travel cheaper than domestic routes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dynamic pricing of air fares has led to tickets selling at crunch times, such as on eve of big festivals, for prices at which you could fly to Europe, and back. Check this out. On Diwali eve (Monday), a one-way ticket for that evening's flight from Delhi to Lucknow, barely an hour's journey, was going over Rs 30,000. A Delhi-Bangalore ticket for Tuesday was between Rs 9,500 and Rs 42,500.That's not all. On Sunday, an economy class ticket from Mumbai to Kolkata was in the range of Rs 35,000 to Rs 43,000, and business class tickets above Rs 60,000. Similarly, flying from Delhi to Ahmedabad in economy class of full service airlines on Diwali would cost from Rs 6,500 to Rs 38,600.With the grounding of Kingfisher accounting for a 19% reduction in domestic flights, there is suddenly a huge demand-supply gap and airlines are making the most of it. Leave aside festival eves, flying in general has become 100% costlier, and in crunch times, it could be literally touch the sky.'Air fares within price bands'Air fares have shot up this Diwali season. \"If people haven't booked well in advance and are planning a last-minute purchase, they will have to pay through their nose. Almost all seats are sold out for Diwali travel and the remaining ones are going for the highest fares,\" said Anil Kalsi, a leading travel agent and senior advisor of Society of Foreign Travel Operators (India chapter).\"There has to be a rationality to market dynamics. This is plain exploitation of people's compulsion,\" said Rini Mukherjee, a university teacher who now explores the rail travel option before being compelled to fly. This trend isn't new. When airfares were sky-rocketing, industry regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had asked airlines to give a band of ticket prices within which it would have to sell. The airlines gave bands ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000. The DGCA accepted it. A senior aviation official told TOI: \"Airfares are very high but they are within the price bands that airlines submit for each route to the DGCA. So far we have not come across any case of the price band being breached.\"While the price bands have now become a legal shield for airlines to charge as much as they want, the purpose for introducing them has obviously been defeated as there is hardly any correlation between actual cost and price.\"Diwali is being celebrated late this year, in mid-November. This is anyway the peak travel season and India has fewer domestic flights this time (due to Kingfisher's grounding). The net impact is fares defying gravity,\" said Rajji Rai, who till recently headed the Travel Agents' Association of India. Agents say fares can be expected to fall only after the December holidays. The reason: This winter is witnessing 10,935 weekly domestic flights, 19% less than the 13,541 flights last winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199510", "title": "BMC plans to survey Pedder Road drain, says end to woes in sight", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC says it is geared up to take the first step in finally providing a solution to the frequent cave-ins that plague Pedder Road: a conditional assessment of the Raj-era storm water drain (SWD) that runs under the arterial route.Preparations are underway to invite tenders and a block estimate of Rs 3 crore has been prepared for preventive maintenance of the 2 sq ft (cross-sectional area) dhapa drain for a 1.6-km stretch from Haji Ali to Kemps Corner.\"A detailed estimate is yet to be prepared. But it will be ready after Diwali. The problem with Pedder Road is that on the footpath and the carriageway, utilities are in abundance. Therefore, it is not possible to shift the drain, which lies through the centre of the road,\" said an official from the BMC's SWD department. \"The condition of the SWD will be assessed, before desilting it. CCTV cameras will be put inside the drain (to study it), and this can be done without digging the road. So, traffic will not be affected. The assessment report will decide whether the drain should be shifted or repaired.\"Footage from the cameras will be recorded on CDs, after examining which the BMC can get an idea of the extent of damage to the drain.\"One solution is to completely replace the drain at the same location. Another option is to shift the drain to the footpath or the side of the carriageway. But the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has not yet received permission from the Union ministry of environment and forests (for its flyover, which would have meant an overhaul of utilities). Two contractual agencies cannot work at the same time on the same spot. The study report will indicate if the drain needs to be shifted or entirely replaced,\" said a civic official.He told TOI that based on the report, preventive maintenance of the drain would be carried out. \"We have rehabilitated drains in the city with the help of CCTV cameras. The dhapa drain is made of stone and has become weak. So, it keeps collapsing,\" the official said.A geo tech survey, too, will be conducted simultaneously. \"This survey, by the BMC's bridge department, will indicate how many utilities and rocks are present below the road formation. (Pedder Road is in a hilly area and) is full of rocks below the road formation level,\" the official said.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has already finalized MWH Global as the consultants to survey the city's drains.Overhaul hit by flyover impasseLinah BaligaMUMBAI: The ideal solution to Pedder Road's cave-in problem is an overhaul of the storm water drain that runs under it, say experts. \"The initial plan was that the MSRDC, while carrying out work on the proposed flyover on the road, would replace the drain,\" said a civic official.\"But the flyover proposal has not received all clearances, thus affecting the drain reconstruction as well. Moreover, MSRDC says replacing the drain is the BMC's job. The basic problem for us (the civic body) is to obtain permission from the traffic department,\" the official said.\"Drains during the British Raj were made of stone masonry or bricks on lime mortar, covered with rough pieces of stone slabs called dhapa. The insides were plastered at the time they were built. Their design lives have been exhausted and they are in danger of collapsing under excess traffic load,\" the official said.Residents call move welcomeLinah BaligaMUMBAI: Pedder Road residents are relieved that the BMC has found at least a short-term solution to their woes. Every time a portion of the busy road would cave in, besides motorists, residents would be at the receiving end of snarl-ups, making it difficult for them to even step out of their homes.\"Every monsoon, some part or the other of this road caves in. Since the drainage system is so poor along this arterial road, it is better if the BMC does its assessment of the storm water drain before next monsoon. Investigating with cameras is a good thing. Let us hope it works,\" said Veena Singhal, chairperson, Pedder Road Residents' Association.\"Well, the BMC has to do something before the next fallout. This is a smart way of at least holding on to the utility till the MSRDC gets its act together,\" said Santosh Awatramani, a Pedder Road resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17200941", "title": "Platelet shortage hits dengue patients", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam district which is witnessing a rise in dengue cases this year has also been hit by an alarming shortage of blood platelets in various blood banks causing concern to patients, though the health authorities are in a denial mode.Though the district medical and health officials as well as King George Hospital authorities claim that there is no dearth of platelets, medicos from KGH and doctors from the Indian Red Cross Society, Vizag chapter, told TOI that the supply is 30-40 per cent less than the demand.Compared to last year when only nine cases of dengue were reported, there have been 152 dengue-positive cases and more than 900 people have reported dengue-like symptoms. As the dengue-affected patients record a steep fall in the count of platelets or `thrombocytes' (clear cell in blood without the DNA containing nucleus), blood transfusion becomes necessary. The shelf life of platelets is just 4-5 days and this further adds to the shortage as platelets cannot be stored for a long time.P Venugopal, chairperson of Red Cross blood bank, said the situation has improved a little but the shortage of platelets is felt in most of blood banks. \"Blood donation camps are not being conducted these days since it's a festival season and many colleges are closed,\" he reasoned.M Narasimhan, a health staffer, said: \"We faced the shortage of platelets when my brother was diagnosed with dengue recently. The platelet count had drastically fallen from the normal limits, but we had to wait for a couple of days for the transfusion as there was dearth of platelets in all the blood banks of the city. Not only platelets, it's even difficult to get donors for blood groups such as `A' positive and AB positive.\"At KGH where the dengue wards are chock-a-block with patients, a PG doctor said the shortage of platelets on certain days was felt when there were several dengue patients for whom transfusion was a must. \"Since the platelets cannot be stored for more than a few days, the problem aggravates,\" said the medico.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205225", "title": "Kristen Stewart prefers trainers to heels on the red carpet", "text": "Kristen Stewart has admitted she \"can't stand\" actresses who are too concerned with \"looking pretty in your heels.\"While her time in the spotlight has seen her wardrobe evolve to incorporate more formal footwear, the 22-year-old is still regularly spotted swapping her stilettos for her trusty trainers.Rarely caught in a full-length gown or girlish pastel shades, the 'Twilight' star prefers dark colours and shorter hemlines, often toughened up with leather and teamed with her favourite smoky eye make-up.And despite her seemingly ever-ascending stardom, it seems the actress has no intention of abandoning her off-beat style - or her Converse.\"I just so wholeheartedly disagree with people who don't like what I wear,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling the Sunday Times Style magazine, insisting a pair of trainers are better for signing autographs for fans who line the red carpet to catch a glimpse of their idols.Stewart suggested actresses insistent on wearing heels in front of the flashbulbs got in her way when greeting fans by \"walking slowly down the line,\" adding: \"Put a pair of sneakers on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17201102", "title": "Security upped for festivities", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa police have made elaborate arrangements to ensure Narkasur competitions and Diwali celebrations are held in a peaceful manner this year.Police sources said security apparatus in the district has been tightened and 75 CISF jawans have been deployed at various places.Acting tough against organizations holding any events without obtaining necessary permissions, the district administration on Monday effected a change in the venue of the Diwali programmes to be held later in the evening on account of \"security reasons\".The pandal set to stage the \"Shri Krishna vijayotsav\" programme at Bolshe circle, Gogol, was demolished after providing the organization an alternative venue at Multipuurpose high school ground, Borda.A cultural programme scheduled in the central part of the city was also shifted to an alternative place, sources said, following instructions from the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17200857", "title": "Orphanages wait for kindness of strangers to have a blast", "text": "It was an excited bunch of children that poured out of Steps Home in Padi on Monday as Diwali came a day early for the residents of the orphanage. One of the trustees had delivered boxes of crackers for them.\"For half an hour from 5.30pm, we had a blast,\" said Tara Manogoram, director, Steps. This year, Diwali has been good for the children as another well-wisher brought sweets and books.In almost every household in Chennai, Diwali celebrations are meticulously planned weeks ahead, but it's a different story at the various children's homes and orphanages in the city. At the orphanages, Diwali celebrations depend entirely on the goodwill of well-wishers.\"When people ask us what we are doing for Diwali, we tell them we do not know,\" said K Baskaran, who heads Good Life Centre, a home for orphans in West Tambaram. \"We have prepared a special feast for the children, but apart from that we just have to wait and see,\" he said.As of Monday, the home had received just one box of crackers. \"We have to wait till Tuesday to find out what is in store for us this Diwali.\" This year, thanks to the efforts of some voluntary organisations, celebrations have started at some homes in the city. Chennai Volunteers (CV), which connects people wanting to do good with the do-gooders, has been holding a series of celebratory events at various homes all through November.\"We've been having events for both Children's Day and Diwali,\" said CV founder Rinku Mecheri. \"It's about the spirit of celebration. We do not want to give it a religious meaning because our volunteers come from different faiths,\" she said. From a Diwali-themed festival at Madras Seva Sadan to a dance session at Little Angels to a charkha demo at Karpagavalli, the celebrations have been varied.\"The celebrations don't end on Diwali. We are going on till November 20,\" said Mecheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205611", "title": "18 saris and a temple wedding for Vidya Balan", "text": "Vidya Balan's pet designer Sabyasachi will source the silk from Chennai and also fly down to Mumbai for a 'dress rehearsal'Vidya Balan or Siddharth Roy Kapur may choose to stay mum about their wedding plans but the preparations have surely begun. To start with, on his return from London , fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee will be scouring the streets of Chennai for some exquisite Madras silk that will form the base of Vidya's bridal sari.Vidya, who has already placed an order for 18 hand-crafted saris from the designer, apparently has some specifications about the two she will be wearing on her D-Day. \"She has placed an order for 18 saris with us. Out of that, two will be bridal wear and rest can be worn by the bride during the day. Apparently, Vidya will be getting married in the morning according to Tamil traditions. Though most of the saris are ready, the ones that will be based on Madras silk, will be done by Pepsi (Sabyasachi's pet name) himself. We are waiting for him to come back from London. On his way back he is going to stop over in Chennai to source the silk,\" said one of Sabya's staff members at his Kolkata studio.Incidentally, Vidya needs quite a few sari changes during the wedding ceremony and has thus ordered a wide range. While most of her saris will be dark hued, she has ordered six that are multi-coloured. \"There are some saris for her sister and her mother as well. Plus some that she'll give away as a marriage gift to her relatives.The deadline that we are working on for delivering the saris is December 1,\" said the staff member confirming rumours of a December wedding of Vidya and her SRK. To dress his favourite brand ambassador, Sabya has put his best tailors and craftsmen on the job.\"He has specified very conservative cuts for the cholis.But we are all waiting for him to return so that we can start working on the bridal saris,\" the staff member added. In fact, the designer is scheduled to arrive in Mumbai during the second-week of December to help Vidya with a \"dress-rehearsal\".Though Vidya hasn't responded to queries about her marriage except for indicating in one of her earlier interviews that she is getting married \"soon\", sources revealed there is a possibility of the wedding being held in a south Indian temple. This will be followed by a reception in Mumbai.\"Both Vidya and Siddharth want to keep it simple. We only know that she will be available for dress trials during the second-week of December,\" the source told us.Interestingly, Vidya has already asked for a fortnight's leave during the second-week of December from the shooting of Ghanchakkar (with Emraan Hashmi in the lead). Considering that the film is being co-produced by Siddharth, we believe the leave has been duly sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202106", "title": "Haryana gang loots CRPF officers, their friends; held near Mathura", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police early on Monday morning arrested three robbers of a dreaded gang from Haryana and recover the booty they had decamped with after robbing two assistant commandants of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and their friends.Reports said the incident took place in the early hours of Monday, when Narendra Singh, a resident of ITI Crossing in Mathura, who is an assistant commandant with the CRPF, was on his way home after attending the passing out parade of his friend Dharmendra at the CRPF training centre in Gurgaon held on Sunday. Apart from Narendra and Dharmendra, they were accompanied by six other common friends.The group was moving in a Scorpio (UP76 L 2271) and had barely reached Chatta Sugar Mill on National Highway-2 on the borders of Mathura, when their vehicle was intercepted by a group of youngsters travelling in a Tata 407. As the Scorpio halted that the occupants of the Tata 407 got off, accusing them of having knocked off someone on their way and speeding away thereafter.Barely had the occupants of the Scorpio rolled down the window panes when on the miscreants pulled out the ignition key of their vehicle. The miscreants then pulled out country made firearms and took the two assistant commandants and their friends at gun point.They forced all the occupants of the Scorpio out except for Dharmendra and Pradeep and took away their cash and wrist watches. They then left the site driving the Scorpio along with Dharmendra and Pradeep as hostages. The miscreants stopped on Shergarh Road and let off the two hostages before escaping.The CRPF officers immediately informed the local Chatta police about the incident, which flashed wireless messages across the district describing the incident and provided details of the Scorpio. Three of the miscreants were arrested about an hour later. They identified themselves as members of the notorious Ammu Mear gang of Haryana.The accused told the police that Ammu was travelling with them, but had disembarked the Scorpio on the highway itself.Police recovered the robbed Scorpio, three laptops of the victims, which were kept in the vehicle along with the cash that they had robbed.Police also recovered the Tata 407 which the miscreants had used to commit the crime. A case has been lodged with the Chhata police in connection with the robbery and the subsequent arrest of the criminals in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17204372", "title": "Sarayu Nahar to be completed with Central funds", "text": "BAHRAICH: Central Government finally approved Uttar Pradesh's Sarayu Nahar Pariyojana as part of National Projects, making it eligible for 90 per cent Central funding. The project would now be complete by March 2016. The Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure approved the inclusion of Sarayu Nahar Pariyojana of Uttar Pradesh in the scheme of National projects and the project would be eligible for 90 per cent funding from the Central Government, district magistrate Kinjal Singh informed.After completion, the project would provide irrigation benefit to 14.04 lakh hectare in Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Basti, Sant Kabirnagar, Siddharth Nagar and Gorakhpur districts, the DM added.The statement added that of the total outlay of Rs 3,238 crore, the Centre will fund Rs 2,915 crore for the project which will be completed by March 2016. The Sarayu Nahar Pariyojana, launched in 1977-78, could not be completed due to lack of funds with the State Government, it said, adding that a high powered committee of Water Resources Ministry had cleared the project in December 2011 for its inclusion under the scheme of national projects. Besides, the Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure also approved inclusion of Extension, Renovation and Modernisation (ERM) projects, which can restore lost irrigation potential of 2 lakh hectare or more, to be included in the category of National Projects. Under the scheme, such projects would become eligible for 90 per cent funding of the cost of the irrigation and drinking water components of the project from the Central Government, said a statement. At present, Centre provides 25 per cent financial assistance of the total cost of eligible ERM projects to non-special category states and 90 per cent help to tribal/flood-prone areas and special category States declared under Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP), it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200909", "title": "Men's association upset with Sona for 'sex' remarks", "text": "CHENNAI: It's now the turn of a men's group to protest what they call 'female chauvinism.' The Association for Protection of Men has said that its members would lay siege to actor Sona Hayden's house in Teynampet against her remarks which they said were against \"Indian culture and moral values.\"An interview of Sona published in a Tamil magazine recently quoted her as saying that she would use men for sex \"as tissue paper.\" She also reportedly ridiculed the institution of marriage and the concept of the Indian family, the association said in a complaint to police commissioner S George. Sona has denied the allegations, saying the magazine had printed things which she never said.The men's association members sought permission from police to lay siege to the actor's house. The association members said the demonstration would be held on November 19 which is International Men's Day. \"We strongly condemn her statement. Nobody else should repeat such words,\" said Association for Protection of Men general secretary S Mathusoothanan. He demanded that the actor render a public apology for her \"inflammatory remarks.\"Sona lodged a complaint with the police commissioner saying that she had been misquoted by the magazine. She said that the magazine's journalists asked her to pose for a photograph, but she refused. \"When the reporter insisted on taking my picture, I discontinued the interview. This was done to fix me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202384", "title": "Their hearts beat for green Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Will the Patnaites celebrate pollution-free Diwali this year by saying no to firecrackers?Posing this question to the enlightened citizens of the city some environmentalists have called for celebrating an eco-friendly Diwali for ensuring the safety of the people as well as the environment.Environmentalists say even though there has been some decline in the sale of firecrackers in the city in recent years owing to the increasing consciousness of the citizens about their adverse impact on the environment, crackers worth more than Rs 5 crore are sold in the local market. This huge sum of money could easily be used for some other more purposeful work, they say.Environmentalist Mehta Nagendra Singh said people do not realize that in our thickly populated cities, the temporary joy of watching the firecrackers is soon replaced by the intense air pollution caused by bursting of these crackers. The toxic substances used in the firecrackers release toxic gases that are harmful to the health of all living beings.Firecrackers are generally made of metals and chemicals like copper, cadmium, lead, magnesium, sodium, zinc, nitrate and nitrite. While copper causes irritation of respiratory tract, cadmium causes anaemia and damages the kidney. Similarly, lead affects the nervous system, whereas sodium attacks the skin. Zinc causes vomiting and nitrate can lead to mental impairment. Nitrite, the deadliest of all, can send one into coma, Singh said.Besides, several firecrackers also cause severe noise pollution. As per Bihar State Pollution Control Board norms, one cannot use firecrackers which make noise of more than 125 decibel. Excessive noise pollution caused by crackers can cause hearing loss, high blood pressure , heart attack and sleeping disturbances. Sudden exposure to loud noise could cause temporary or even permanent deafness. The high level of noise generated by crackers also causes immense suffering to birds and animals.Sadly, few of us realize that the firecrackers used on Diwali are mostly made by young children. Since the substances being handled are extremely toxic, many of these child workers get sick and die in their early teens, said a social worker and environmentalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203334", "title": "Students learn robotics", "text": "LUDHIANA: Don Bosco Global School, in association with Tech Fest IIT Bombay and Bootcamps, organized a two-day workshop on 'robotics' on Friday and Saturday. Students of many leading schools of the city, including Ryan International School, BVM Senior Secondary School, Greenland Convent School, Tagore Public School and DAV Public Shool participated in the innovative workshop. On the first day, the participants were told about electronic components used in a robot and were given a brief review on advanced robots. The second day of the workshop was particularly exciting for the participants as they were given robotic kits to assemble wireless robots under the guidance of IIT faculty. The selected students will go on to participate in a national competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chintapalli", "code": "17200961", "title": "Vizag Agency shivers at 5 degrees Celsius", "text": "CHINTAPALLI: There is a nip in the air. With the sudden dip in temperatures in Visakhapatnam district in general and the Agency in particular in the last three days, people living in the hamlets are enduring intense cold wave and the thick fog which enveloped a large part of the Agency.Lammasingi, a small tribal village, shivered at 5.5 degree Celsius on Monday, while the mercury at Chintapalli plummeted to 9.8 degree Celsius. The people of the Agency have been experiencing biting cold conditions in the last one week and if the weather forecasters are to be believed, the cold spell would continue for next couple of weeks.The port city of Visakhapatnam has also been in the grip of cold in the last three days as humidity in the air decreased considerably. The Agency people of East Godavari are also experiencing intense cold conditions in the last couple of weeks which, according to weather officials, is a new phenomenon.People clothed in woollens and sitting before small bonfires to keep themselves warm is a common sight in this part of the world. \"Life, which otherwise also moves at a slow pace in the Agency, has turned sluggish due to the early morning chill and fog,\" Durgaiah, a farmhand, says.Tourists who flock to Araku Valley by road are soaking themselves in the glorious weather.The rail network has completely stopped functioning in the last 10 days due to severe damage to tracks owing to continuous landslides.The entire Visakha Agency, comprising green hills and thick forests, has been recording temperatures below 12 degrees for the last one week, an official at the local weather observatory said. He said there were days when the temperature in Lammasingi had dipped below one degree. \"The last time sub-zero temperature recorded at Lammasingi was during December 2008 and January 2011,\" he recalled.Lammasingi is located more than 3,600 metres above sea level on the Chintapalli ghat road, while the nearby Tajangi village is located more than 1,500 metres above sea level. \"These two places witness cold conditions throughout the year,\" the official said. The minimum temperature at Lammasingi during winter season hovers below two degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202162", "title": "Transmission corporation limited's 'love' for high-resistance conductors evokes criticism", "text": "LUCKNOW: The proposed move of the UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited (UPPTCL) to go for a conductor which increases line loss for its Rs 10,000-crore transmission line has evoked sharp criticism from various quarters. On the other hand, experts say that the All Aluminum Alloy Conductors (AAAC) not only incur heavier line loss, but also their very quality is questionable.On Monday, TOI reported that the corporation had revisited its own four-month-old order to use only ACSR conductors and instead was ready to settle for even AAAC despite the fact that the former managing director of the UPPTCL, Avnish Awasthi, had rejected the latter.Meanwhile, an internal report from Paschimanchal transmission unit, which used the AAA conductors in its 220/132 kv transmission lines, has confirmed that these conductors not only had high resistance, but also they 'sagged' over a period of time. Informed sources said that these conductors, which were used in transmission lines around Ghaziabad, performed poorly. This was essentially because of less tensile strength of aluminum which is used in the conductors. One can assume what will happen to the conductors which will used in 765/400kv transmission lines.The report points to the fact that often poles had to be installed to stretch the sagging wires back to their shape. On other times, the wires had to be snapped and stretched accordingly to make them workable. That is not all. The conductors proposed by Isolux, the Spanish company which had been allotted the work, too, did not adhere to the ones specified by central electricity authority (CEA).A communication from UPPTCL said that the resistance of conductors proposed by Isolux was even higher than the one specified by CEA. While the one specified by CEA has the resistance of 0.0568 ohm, the one proposed by Isolux was 0.0598 ohm. This would actually result in line losses, eventually causing losses to the state exchequer.The conductors proposed by Isolux did not qualify on the issue of breaking load (The stress which, when steadily applied to a structure, is just sufficient to break or rupture it) front, either. While the CEA guidelines suggest conductors to have the load of 167.99 Kilo Newton (KN), the one proposed by Isolux have 158.66 KN.The report added that the parameters of conductors as submitted by the company on July 19 did not conform to any particular Indian Standard and have been chosen arbitrarily''. More over, the performance of the lines with AAAC conductors is not time tested under Indian conditions as no 765 kv line has been constructed using AAAC conductors either by Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) or any state transmission utility.Following the report published in TOI, the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad has petitioned the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) alleging that it was a conspiracy to benefit the company. President of the parishad, Avadhesh Kumar Verma, said that eventually the losses incurred to the state would be passed on to the power consumers in the state.General secretary of UP Rajya Vidyut Parishad Abhiyanta Sangh, OP Pandey, demanded that the state government should cancel the agreement for the AAAC conductors. He said that the overall loss to the state exchequer just by way of line losses would be to the tune of at least Rs 6,000 crore. That too when one takes into account the current cost of power purchase,'' Pandey said.Secretary general of All India Power Engineers Federation, Shailendra Dubey said that the state government should get an inquiry conducted into the whole agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201437", "title": "Now, town planning scheme for Mapusa", "text": "PANAJI: Urban development minister Francis D'Souza on Monday directed the town and country planning department to prepare a town planning scheme with a view to undertake major developmental projects in downtown Mapusa.The town planning scheme for Mapusa will be prepared under the town and country planning act and will be considered as a major project envisioned by the urban development minister, who is also the Mapusa MLA.D' Souza's directions came at a meeting on Monday, of one of the sub-committees of the task force constituted for the development of Mapusa.D'Souza told TOI that among the various projects he has in mind for Mapusa include Bodgueshwar Plaza, exhibition grounds, Kala Mandir, inter-state bus stand, warehousing, shifting of the market subyard, etc.\"All these need land. Under a town planning scheme, the government can acquire land and utilize it for various government requirements. The scheme considers a number of projects at one time and will give details of the land available; how much land is required for government use; the process of land acquisition and other pertinent details. The scheme is expected to be ready within a month,\" D'Souza said.The urban development minister said that there are about 10 lakh sq m land available in Mapusa but how much of that land should be acquired by the government, will be decided in the town planning scheme.Interestingly, the government will not pay any money to the owners of the land for acquiring the land.D'Souza said that the government will acquire the land, develop it and hand over part of the developed land to the owner, whether it is a private landlord, tenant or comunidade.The government will have to mobilize its money only for building the actual projects like the Kala Mandir, the interstate bus stand, etc, the urban development minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199507", "title": "Hasnain tops list of five tipped for University Grants Commission chair", "text": "NEW DELHI: The search-cum-selection committee for the chairman of the University Grants Commission has shortlisted five names. While the two contenders, who were already being named in the earlier list, namely Seyed E Hasnain, former vice-chancellor of Hyderabad University, and Pankaj Chandra, director of the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, remained the frontrunners, the new names included in the list are director of Prof. S Parasuraman of Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, chief statistician of India TCA Anant and the officiating chairman of UGC, Ved Prakash.According to sources from the ministry of human resource development, the committee expanded the list to five candidates instead of two. While Hasnain remained the first choice of the committee closely followed by Chandra, the others in ascending order are Parasuraman, Anant and Prakash.While the choice of the rest of the candidates were easy, there was dissent among members on the selection of Prakash as he had faced allegations of fraud and intimidation which had later been junked by the HRD. The search committee's list will now be forwarded to the HRD and then to the PMO for the final approval.In September, the Delhi high court issued notice to the central government to respond to a petition seeking direction to fill the seat of UGC chairman which has been lying vacant since February 2011 after Prof. Sukhadeo Thorat completed his term as chairman.Earlier, the search committee in February 2012 shortlisted Hasnain as its top choice for the post followed by Chandra but the HRD ministry selected Chandra and forwarded it to the PMO for approval. The PMO questioned why the first choice has been ignored and referred it back to the HRD. The committee had to start the process all over again and this time came up with five options for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204652", "title": "Lady Gaga pays homage to Rio de Janeiro with neck tattoo", "text": "Lady Gaga has added yet another tattoo to her growing body art collection, that is believed to be a tribute to Brazilian city Rio de Janeiro .The 26-year-old singer, who was going to perform in Brazil on Saturday, got \"R+O\" inked that day itself and then proudly posted the results on Twitter.According to her website and Twitter page, each of the 'Telephone' hitmaker's many tattoos is said to have a deeply personal meaning to her and this one is no different.\"R+O. Monsters, all over the world you continue to inspire me everyday, your like an endless ocean of possibilities,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as writing.Gaga, who has since moved on to Sao Paulo for a Sunday night concert, said, \"The font was derived out of the signatures of three fans, all from different neighborhoods and ages.\"\"Represents how music brings us 2gether,\" she wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17199416", "title": "63-year-old dies of suspected dengue", "text": "A 63-year-old Mulund resident, Haresh Pavani, died of suspected dengue at Fortis Hospital in Mulund on Sunday. Dr Mangala Gomare, head of the BMC's epidemiology cell, said they were not informed about the death. \"As of now, there have been only three confirmed dengue deaths in the city this year,\" she said. Meanwhile, senior inspector (Malwani police) Abdul Rauf Shaikh was diagnosed with dengue last week. He is recuperating at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "director", "code": "17205991", "title": "Jab Tak Hai Jaan: Yash Chopra's immortal love story", "text": "Director: Yash Chopra Cast: Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif, Anushka SharmaIn contemporary times when, love stories have more or less turned into instant make out and instant breakup escapades and in a generation where sex comes before love, it's heartening to see a full-blown romance saga which has good old values and yet a very modern outlook. Like most love stories, even Jab Tak Hai Jaan has sacrifice and sanctity at its footing yet at no point is it depressing or disheartening. And thereby, the immortal filmmaker Yash Chopra celebrates the true spirit of life.Shah Rukh Khan continues his cinematic legacy of wooing girls who are already engaged to someone else. So Samar Anand (SRK), a smalltime labour in London and Meera (Katrina Kaif), a millionaire fall for each other. And just when everything seems to be going hunky-dory, a mishap separates the star-crossed lovers, with each longing for the other. Years later, a documentary filmmaker Akira (Anushka Sharma) meets Samar, now a bomb-squad officer in Kashmir. And when Samar comes to London for Akira's film, another fortuity changes his life drastically.The film starts in a regular romance zone where the lover-boy goes guitar-strumming on London streets, the girl seems confused about her engagement, they cross paths, he teaches her to live life to the fullest, she says she had the best time of life with him and cupid strikes. So far so trite! But the actual story initiates thereafter with faith for God coming into picture and changing the fate of humans. That forms the core-conflict of the film and Yash Chopra brings out the dilemma in the lead pair convincingly enough for you to feel for both and yet not blame either for their outlook.Aditya Chopra and Devika Bhagat come up with an impeccable screenplay that is well-etched to arrive at a strong interval point and is consistent enough to not lose steam till the very end. With Samar's return to London in the second half, things could have taken a convenient route by unswervingly bringing the ill-fated couple together in some way. But with its layered writing, the narrative takes a different twist altogether. Thereby, like a rich wine, the story takes its time to mature but only gets better over period. At times, the multidimensional narrative might seem spread out but it never wanders aimlessly.Structurally, the film reminds of Yash Chopra's earlier venture Veer-Zaara where the lead couple is separated by circumstances and another woman is instrumental in bringing them together. Thankfully the inclination to induce a love triangle here isn't taken too far either. When it comes to a love story, Yash Chopra weaves such magic that a mere hug causes more applause than a mass-appealing heroic entry. While the love story is essentially desi at heart, the filmmaker has shown advancement with times in making the chemistry between the lead couple sexier and scrumptious. Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif are simply sizzling!At the same time the film also has a very progressive point of view. It strongly endorses to have faith in love over fear of God. It puts love before the Lord. The conflict that separates the lovers is so potently plotted initially that there seems to be no antidote to it in the screenplay. Aditya Chopra's well-worded dialogues come to the rescue and make things easier. Also through the sensitive Rishi Kapoor - Neetu Singh cameo, the film spreads the message to set love free. Appreciatively the Kashmir army milieu is only employed for a bomb-diffusing backdrop and not exploited beyond necessary.Technically the film, like any Yash Raj production, is proficient. Anil Mehta's cinematography is strikingly beautiful. While we have seen enough of lovely London landscapes on Indian screen, it's the pristine Kashmir that catches your eye here. A.R. Rahman's music is pleasing and, like always, takes time to grow on you. In an era of shorthand cinema, the three-hour runtime does seem long enough. But the film's full-scale romance justifies it to an extent.Shah Rukh Khan is in absolute comfort zone and the audience is as much comfortable in accepting him as the romance king. With a constant smirk on his face, he is charming and more persuasive than his recent wannabe escapades. Yash Chopra gives back the SRK that he had introduced to cinema. Katrina Kaif is not only sexy and stunning but also comes across as a pleasant and convincing actress. She glides effortlessly through her character and scorches the screen with Shah Rukh. Anushka Sharma as the bindaas girl gets kinda over-expressive at times but otherwise has good screen presence. Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh appear in graceful cameos.Jab Tak Hai Jaan is a sublime story about love and life. They don't make them like that anymore. Yash Chopra will live forever...Verdict: Very Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17206533", "title": "The Generals and the Labyrinth: Scandals roil end of Obama first term", "text": "WASHINGTON: The whiff of moral turpitude wafted ahead of the so-called fiscal cliff and political maneuvering as the Obama administration is heading to towards a potentially explosive end to its first term before his second term inauguration on January 20.The period between Thanksgiving and Christmas/New Years eve is when Americans wind down for the year. President Obama was expected to spend the period in quiet reflection over recasting his cabinet for the second term and negotiating away from the fiscal cliff, a perilous political and economic hazard that will result in big spending cuts and tax increases for Americans next year if current laws are not extended.Instead, amid meetings relating to these issues - including engaging Indian-American business leaders and policy wonks such as Indra Nooyi and Neera Tanden (see box) - President Obama is having to deal with a tawdry drama involving his two top generals and two women as it unfolds hour-by-hour before a Washington elite that is not unused to such escapades, though usually in politics.On Monday, Obama, a parent of two young daughters himself, was told that Gen John Allen, his top commander in Afghanistan, is being investigated for e-mail exchanges with Jill Kelley, a State Department liaison to Gen. Petraeus. It was Kelley's complaint to the FBI about anonymous emails that led to the uncovering of his (Petraeus') affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell, resulting in his resignation as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency last week. The nature of the Allen-Kelley exchanges have not been disclosed.Broadwell, 40, and Kelley, 37, are both married to successful physicians in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Tampa, Florida, respectively. They have two and three young children respectively. Petraeus, 60, has two adult children from his marriage of 37 years.While Broadwell saw Kelley as a rival for Gen.Petraeus' affections, the two only shared a platonic relationship, according to various media reports based on driblets of information from surrogates and secondary sources. None of the principals are talking directly to the press; instead, they are all lawyering up, hiring top attorneys for what promises to be enervating political theater in the days ahead with Congress, the Justice Department/FBI, and the media getting their teeth into a still unfolding story.As if the expansion of the perceived love triangle to include a fourth player in Gen.Allen was not complicated enough, there are also questions being asked about the role of an FBI agent in the original episode. Some reports suggest that the emails Broadwell sent to Kelley were not threatening or harassing, but variously gratuitous, hostile, and insulting.But Kelley brought it to the notice of an FBI agent who was her friend, who not only took undue interest in the messages, but also alerted a Congressman to the episode after he was relieved from the case. The unnamed agent is also being investigated internally for sending shirtless photos of himself to Kelley, according to some reports, lending an even more bizarre air to the developments.On Monday night, FBI agents searched Paula Broadwell's North Carolina home, carrying away what presumably were boxes of evidence. She, like Gen.Petraeus, remained incommunicado, while Kelley hired Abbe Lowell, a top Washington attorney who represented Bill Clinton and John Edwards during their escapades, leading some analysts to surmise that bigger surprises are ahead.''This is about something else entirely, and the truth will come out. There is a lot more that is going to come out,'' Broadwell's father Paul Krantz was quoted as telling a New York tabloid. ''You wait and see. There's a lot more here than meets the eye.''Meanwhile, Congress geared up for hearings on a series of interlinked issues -- the Benghazi episode, the Petraeus-Broadwell affair, and now the John Allen angle. At the heart of the inquiry: the timelines, who knew what and when, and whether there was any leak of classified information and national security breaches.Lawmakers are suspicious that important developments in the intelligence and security sphere were withheld from them because of the ongoing elections and the Obama administration maneuvered to disclose them only after the President secured a second term. Unnamed administration officials have rejected the idea, saying there were a lot of grey areas on whether the FBI should even proceed with the investigation of an affair between two consenting adults after it was determined that no security breach had occurred.From the moral/ethical angle, Gen.Petraeus could have been tried for adultery if his affair with Broadwell began when he was still in the military. But surrogates who claim to have spoken to him have told the media the relationship began last year after he retired from the army and took over as Director of CIA. They say he also ended it early this year after being shocked by FBI inquiries about his lover Broadwell's emails to a perceived rival (Jill Kelley) who was just a close family friend.Some reports also claim that he was hoping to ride over the disclosures after coming clean with the FBI but he was eventually outed by rivals in the military-intelligence establishment. Moreover, the scandal had leaked to Congress and would have put the Obama administration in a bad spot even as it began a second term in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201518", "title": "Jaipur dhoom for Diwali", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City is all set to celebrate the festival of lights splendidly. From rangolis at the gates to shimmering lights in the local markets, malls, temples and government buildings everything in the city is immersed in festivities.Jaipur knowm for its lighting and grand Diwali celebrations, has lived up to its tradition even this year. \"All markets have been decorated with gates on various themes. Soon we will visit the entire place and choose one of the best decked up bazaar. The best market is selected on the basis of theme-based lighting, models rendering a social message, use of modern technology and music.\" said T C Agarwal, President Johri Bazar,The day before Diwali witnessed a huge turnout of people for shooping. From traditional diyas, crackers to facny Chinese lights. consumers have been spoilt for a choice. \"Sales have boost. The rush never seems to end. There are some last-minute shoppers too,\" said Premdas Bishnoi, wholesale dealer of decorative itmes.Amid vociferous celebrations some are planning to celebrate the festival differently. \"It gives me immense satisfaction to feed the stray animals. Rather than wasting money on firecrackers I prefer to donate foodgrains and other items to the temples where the prasad for the festival is made,\" said to Deepak Dheer who has been doing this for decades. Others are planning to try their luck in the customary gambling.To ensure hassle-free traffic movement for the commuters, traffic police has made the elaborate arrangements. Almost all Walled City markets will have one-way arrangements while keeping the roads open for pedestrians. Entry and exit points have also been earmarked. The roads approaching to Walled City will also remain one way.DCP, traffic Lata Manoj Kumar said that the arrangements were fool-proof and we expect public cooperation. \"A complete ban on plying of vehicles has been imposed at Bapu Bazar, Nehru Bazar, Indra Bazar, Raja Park and other markets. If some markets witness unprecedented crowds we will impose complete ban on vehicle movement accordingly,\" said Kumar.For most people, Diwali celebrations is all about firecrackers and lighting, but there are many who believe in celebrating the festival of lights in their own way. Rather than bursting firecrackers they do different things to celebrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203773", "title": "Housewarming plans go cold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pradosh Panda's plan to move into his new house by Diwali is not going to materialize any time soon though the house is ready for possession for the past two months.The retired government servant's dream is shattered because registration of properties in the city has stopped since September 2 thanks to lawyers' opposition to \"arbitrary\" increase in benchmark price of land. At least 2,000 families are waiting to take possession of their ready houses in 60-odd completed projects owing to the same problem.\"I had asked my US-based daughter to fly in here after planning to give her a surprise by registering the new house in her name when she arrives. She waited here for around a month and left disappointed because the registration process has been stalled. It is painful,\" said the retired CISF personnel.Several other families are dejected that they have to repay loan instalments of the new houses but can't use it. \"I bought a flat by taking Rs 50 lakh loan. The monthly EMI is Rs 58,000. Had I taken possession of the flat, it would have fetched me Rs 20,000 rent a month. But because of the registration problem, I can't take possession to rent it out. It is an unnecessary and huge financial burden,\" said Nihar Rout, a Saheed Nagar resident and contractor.Builders plead helplessness. \"We have kept our promises to deliver the houses on time. Registration process is beyond our control. The government has to take a call to resolve the impasse,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray, president of Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha ( REDA). \"At least 2,000 housing units are ready for possession now. The number is increasing every month. Another 2,000 houses are likely to be ready within the current financial year,\" he said.The state government increased valuation of land prices in city from September 1, for the second time this year after a similar increase in July. Lawyers took to the streets in protest and have paralyzed land registration process ever since. The Bhubaneswar Bar Association also moved the Orissa High Court terming the government step as illegal. \"The government can't increase the price in such an arbitrary manner twice a year. We took up the issue in public interest,\" association secretary Chittaranjan Bairisal told TOI on Sunday.Government authorities said the land price hike was made following a due official procedure. \"Unless the benchmark price is commensurate with the market price, land losers of various projects don't get due compensation. Besides, government loses out on revenue,\" revenue minister S N Patro said while justifying the hike.Officially, the land registrar's office is open. \"But people are not turning out because of the lawyers' protest. The government is planning to facilitate registration at multiple sub-registrar offices in the city so that people can come for registration,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "north lakhimpur", "code": "17204206", "title": "Connectivity to be priority: Narah", "text": "NORTH LAKHIMPUR: Union minister of state for tribal affairs Ranee Narah on Monday she had taken up the matter of connectivity of Lakhimpur and Majuli areas of upper Assam.Addressing a pubic meeting, the newly inducted minister and local MP said her priority would be to road project which plans to link the National Highway 52 with National Highway 37 via Majuli island.Narah said she had recommended to the North East Council to fast-track building of two bridges over the Subansiri and Luit, which is proposed under the Rs 1,700 crore project mooted in 2010.The minister also said that she would try to ensure that the road-cum-rail Bogibeel bridge, which will connect the north and south bank of Brahmaputra in Dibrugarh district, was completed by March 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205971", "title": "Amicus Curiae moots heritage status", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has initiated the process for the inclusion of the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in the 'World Heritage Site' list. A rough draft of the proposal is expected to be prepared in a month.The movefollows a suggestion in this regard by advocate Gopal Subramaniam, the amicus curiae appointed by the Supreme Court.Stating that the temple is undoubtedly a world heritage site by virtue of its archaeological and historical significance, the amicus curiae had suggested that Archaeological Survey of India director (conservation) Janhwij Sharma to carry forward the proposal in consultation with Dr M Velayudhan Nair, the coordinator of the SCappointed expert committee. Nair is also the head of the department of conservation of the National Museum Institute (NMI).\"The process to propose the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple for inclusion in the World Heritage List has begun. It would go a long way in conserving the heritage monument. Prof N Ramaswamy of the department of archaeology at the Kollam-based TKM College of Engineering will support us in preparing the rough draft of the proposal in about a month,\" Nair told TOI on Monday.After preparing the rough draft, it will be dovetailed into a suitable proposal and sent to the state government. It will have to be accepted by the Indian Heritage Committee before being forwarded to the UNESCO for inclusion in the tentative list for World Heritage Sites.\"Initially, a preliminary report of 25 pages will be prepared and sent to the Indian Heritage Committee and after its approval, it will be forwarded to UNESCO. Following that, a detailed report will to be sent to UNESCO. If the suggestion fructifies, after being placed in the tentative list for one year, the temple will be placed in the final list for inclusion in the World Heritage Sites,\" Nair said.Meanwhile, a UNESCO team of heritage experts will inspect the temple to ensure that the proposed site is well conserved as per its standards, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199796", "title": "Couple from Maharashtra held for Rs 1,100 crore stock scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a hunt lasting more than a year-and-a-half, police have arrested a couple for duping around 2 lakh people in one of India's biggest investment frauds involving an estimated Rs 1,100 crore.The accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire, 33, and his wife Raksha J Urs, 30 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had floated a company, Stock Guru India, promising to double investors' money in six months. They had launched a high-profile promotional campaign and even roped in celebrities.Masters of disguise, the couple had changed their names to Lokeshwar Dev Jain and Priyanka Dev Jain while running the company and disappeared with the investors' money.Delhi Police's economic offences wing nabbed the couple from Ratnagiri in Maharashtra, where they had opened another fake investment company. Police said the couple changed their looks and assumed new names based on stolen identities for each of their fraudulent operations.The scam came to light around April last year after investors complained to the police. In Delhi alone, cops have received 14,303 complaints from investors who had put in money ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 60 lakh in Stock Guru India.Delhi Police and its chartered accountants have so far estimated that Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire and his wife Raksha J Urs, promoters of Stock Guru India, cheated investors of Rs 493 crore but they say it may reach Rs 1,100 crore after the entire list of victims is exhausted.Police have recovered deposits, cash and investments worth Rs 63 crore from Ulhas and Raksha, including eight flats in Dwarka. The victims were spread across many states \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , West Bengal , Haryana, Sikkim and Maharashtra.Before launching Stock Guru India, the couple had started a fake college in Dehradun using different identities and collected money from prospective students on the promise of giving them diplomas in psychotherapy.The two operated 94 bank accounts in 20 banks using 13 different identities and invested in properties with the victim's money. The Income Tax department had conducted a raid at the company in January this year and recovered Rs 44 crore. After this, Ulhas, who had been on the run since June last year, had claimed on his website that he was unable to return investors' money due to the IT raid and had even claimed to have left the country for the United States , said sources. A look out notice had been issued against the couple last year.Ulhas and his wife had floated Stock Guru India in 2010, without registering with the Reserve Bank of India or Securities Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ), and arranged shows and seminars in hotels, with even some celebrities promoting his company, used facebook and internet to lure people describing itself as a \"premier financial consultancy\" company.\"Through Stock Guru India, in which they made themselves directors, the couple promised lucrative returns against promissory notes. They had guaranteed to provide a 20% return per month up to six months on the principal amount followed by a subsequent refund of the principal amount in the seventh month, through 'prudent and source-based investments' in the share market ,\" Joint Commissioner of Police (EOW) Sandeep Goel said.\"However, instead of returning their investments as promised, Khaire and Urs shut down their office and decamped with all the funds,\" Goel said.He added that \"their scheme to attract investors was elaborate, with conferences and distribution of attractive brochures in five-star hotels all over India. They (couple) also had multiple agents across the country who mobilized funds on their behalf\".While starting their business, the couple mentioned on their website that \"the company has established itself\" and claimed \"it is known for its expert advice for making investors' money grow at a faster pace\".The website stated, \"We offer trading solutions in equity, derivatives, currency futures, commodities trading, IPOs, insurance (life/non-life), general insurance, mutual funds , portfolio management services and terminal handling, all under one roof.\"\"We always hedge our trades/investment to avoid losses. Hedging is the process to reduce losses and not to make huge profits. Hedging in stock market can be referred to insurance. If there is a crash or sudden trend reversal in market condition that is unfavourable against our trades, our hedging strategy will save us from huge losses,\" the website said.Additional DCP (EOW), S D Mishra said, \"The company did not maintain regular accounts that would have given us a clear picture of the investments made in schemes offered to people\".Police are looking for several other associates who worked as directors, executives and agents for them. The couple, meanwhile, will be in police custody for 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17201733", "title": "Sunny Kalloor quits as municipal chief", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Sunny Kalloor, the Kottayam municipal chairman, resigned from the post on Monday after a two-year term as part of an agreement. When the UDF council took charge of the municipality two years back, there was an understanding within the Congress party that Kalloor would remain at the helm only for two years. As per the agreement, Santosh Kumar was to become the chairman for the next two years, and veteran leader K R G Warrier was to occupy the post in the last one year.Mayakkutty John of Kerala Congress (M) had resigned from the vice-chairman's post earlier, also based on an agreement. The new chairman and the vice chairman have to be elected within 15 days.Before quitting the post, Kalloor addressed a meeting of the municipal staff and expressed his gratitude for their support during his tenure.As per the agreement, Kalloor was to resign on November 8. But a section of the Congress councillors, mainly those belonging to the 'I' group, opposed Santosh Kumar becoming the chairman. This had led to the delay in Kalloor's resignation. Though Santosh belongs to the 'A' group, some Congress councillors in that group too did not want him elevated to the coveted post. Now the majority of the Congress councillors want an election to find the new chairman, and this demand has been given in writing to KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala .Rajam G Nair of the Congress is expected to become the vice chairman as there is no haggling for that post.The tenure of the standing committee chairpersons will also get over next week, and it looks like the stage is already set for an extended Deepavaly fireworks in municipal politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202123", "title": "Govt eyes food security, shifts focus to traditional crops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Traditional crops have once again made their presence felt, be it because of their nutritional values or awareness pertaining to a healthy lifestyle. Waking up to the prevailing trend, the UP government has made a shift in its agro-policy giving impetus to the cultivation of these crops, once a pride of the locals.According to BM Singh, agriculture director, a blueprint has been drawn up for this purpose, which envisages to promote the farming of maize and millets-commonly known as Jwar (Sorghum), Bajra, (pearl millet), Kodo (kodo millet), Manduwa (finger millet), and Sawan (barnyard millet). They are the cheap, healthy food items, but have lost their importance mainly due to lack of knowledge about their nutritional value.However, they are now much in demand and consumed in variety of forms by people who understand their value. For instances, corn, which was known to be consumed mostly by way of baking, is now eaten in many ways - from steamed ones to being used as a component in various dishes. Likewise, millets are now being increasingly recognised as nutrient rich, which contains low calorie diet consisting of low fat and less sugar.So, apart from making contributions to health and nutrition, the traditional crops also play role in income generation of people. Thus focussing the agro-policy on this perspective, agriculture director said that 3.50 lakh hectares of land are set to be covered under maize cultivation during the ongoing fifth five-year plan. At present, the scheme is proposed to be undertaken in 24 districts, viz: Ballia, Gonda, Bahraich, Srawasti, Balrampur, Jaunpur, Sultanpur, Barabanki, Sitapur, Hardoi, Unnao, Farrukhabad, Kannauj, Kanpur Nagar, Ramabai Nagar, Kanshiram Nagar, Bulandshahr, Etah, Badaun, Mainpuri, Aligarh, Sonbhadra, and Aurraiya. Cultivators under the scheme would be given 50% of their total cost by the state government and 25% by the food processing companies engaged to buy their products. This way, the cultivators would also have the assured marketing support for their produce.For better farming methods, farmers would be imparted training in new farming techniques to be organised at selected districts. With this, the yield of the maize per hectare is targeted to increase from existing 14 quintals to 50 quintals. Correspondingly, the total production is set to be increased in the selected districts from 4.90 lakh tonne to 17.50 lakh tonne and income of the cultivators is likely to multiply by three times.Likewise, the cultivation of millets will be encouraged in half-a-dozen districts-Pratapgarh, Jalaun, Allahabad, Hamirpur, Banda and Chitrakoot, where these crops are grown traditionally. The incentive and training inputs would also be applicable to cultivators in these areas also.The popularisation of these traditional crops, Singh said, has been clubbed with the food security programme in which the state had set to increase its foodgrains target to 537.38 lakh tonne during 2012-13. This comprises 332.11 lakh tonne of wheat and 145.59 tonne of rice. For the traditional corps, he said, \"They are now used more as a part of balanced diet. This is because nutrition, health and wellness are intricately inter-linked.\" Therefore, the benefits of eating right are greater and long lasting, as The trend was now catching up with people, who were aware of the adverse affect of preservatives like artificial colorants, addictive and chemicals, used by modern food industry. Contrary to this, the food items made of millets and corns have high anti-oxidant strength. So, returning to the cultivation of these corps is essentially a part of food security plan, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17204228", "title": "Gram panchayat buildings under", "text": "INDORE: All the multi-storeyed and other buildings constructed in gram panchaytas located on the outskirts of Indore city will be investigated to check if they have been constructed with valid permission. A team comprising engineer, patwari, revenue officer, panchayat secretaries and other officials concerned has been formed to investigate the buildings constructed in past few years. Collector Akash Tripati informed all the offcials of different department at an inter-departmental meeting on Monday.The collector said, during the investigation it will be examined whether buildings have been constructed after getting due permission from town and country planning department and gram panchayats. If buildings are found to be constructed against the sanctioned map or without necessary permission, then the administration will take action against the builders. Administration will also hold a meeting of sarpanchs and panchayat secretaries.The district administration has called for records pertaining to building permissions given by the panchayats and records of gram sabha meetings. Administration is preparing to take action against sarpanchs and panchayat secretaries who have given building permission illegally at a back date.Official said that in 2009, the Indore collector via an administrative order took away the power of giving building permission from the panchayats and handed it over to town and country planning department. But, ignoring this order, many sarpanchs and panchayat secretaries started giving building permission from a back date.Since getting permission from the town and country planning department is comparatively difficult, many builders and even individuals started bribing sarpanchs and panchayat secretaries to get building permission. The matter came to light when MLA from Nagda Dilip Gujjar raised this issue in assembly and later Rau MLA Jitu Jirati demanded probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200779", "title": "State gets Rs 2cr for green initiatives", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union ministry of environment and forests allocated 2 crore last week to the state government to carry out sensitisation programmes for students under the National Green Corps programme. Environment director H Malleshappa was speaking on the sidelines of a human rally organized by Sri Ramakrishna Math Saradha Vidyalaya GHSS in T Nagar for pollution-free Diwali.With an emphasis on tree planting, awareness rallies, composting, anti-plastic campaign and nature camps, the programme will be undertaken in 32 districts with an allocation of 2,500 per school a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200118", "title": "Meeting to be held over delay in temple relocation", "text": "NASHIK: The city police will soon be calling a meeting of the office bearers of the Bali temple trust to expedite the work at the new temple location on a plot adjoining the Mumbai Agra highway at Adgaon, so that the deity could be shifted soon from its current location on the highway, to facilitate work on the highway's widening.Deputy commissioner of police, Sahebrao Patil said that the office bearers of the temple trust had, in July, assured authorities of shifting the temple to its new location at the earliest.\"Three months have already passed but the temple has still not been shifted to its new new location. We will be calling a meeting of the concerned office bearers soon to discuss this,\" Patil said.On the night of July 2, a car had rammed into the Bali temple, which was situated in the middle of the road, following the commencement of road-widening work on the highway. After the incident, the temple's patrons had blocked the highway in protest of what had happened. The incident led to a spate of meetings between the police, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the temple's trustees. The trust finally agreed to relocate the temple after being compensated for the move. Now, a review meeting will be conducted soon to check on proagress of the work at the new location.However, MP Pratapdada Sonawane, who is a member of the temple's trust, said that work on the new temple was underway on a war footing as the temple authorities, too, do not want to delay the work.It may reportedly take another couple of months, to complete the construction of the new temple.Meanwhile, road widening work between Gonde and Pimpalgaon continues and going by reports, the flyover from the Bhujbal farm area to Dwarka will be over in the next one-and-a-half months. The entire stretch on the service road should, reportedly, be finished by December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204187", "title": "Narcotics worth over 1cr seized", "text": "GUWAHATI: In one of the biggest seizures of narcotics in the region, customs sleuths on Monday succeeded in seizing a huge consignment of pseudoephedrine tablets worth over Rs 1 crore from a godown in the city's Boragaon area. Two persons have been arrested.The arrested have been identified as Rajen Sen (28) of Hailakandi district and Laltan Puia (38) of Mizoram. They were taking the consignment to Mizoram. The duo has been booked under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 and also charged under the Customs Act.The sleuths recovered the consignment from a truck which was hidden inside the godown. The seizure included 1174 tablets of pseudoephedrine and 101.56 kg of pseudoephedrine crystals.\"This consignment came from New Delhi and was supposed to be handed over to agents in Myanmar . Basically, pseudoephedrine is a stimulant and youths take it to get energy. The cache is worth Rs 1, 02, 75, 433 in the black market,\" said a customs official.Medically, pseudoephedrine is used to treat nasal and sinus congestion or congestion of the tubes that drain fluid from your inner ears. It is the raw material for producing amphetamine tablets, also known as party drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203276", "title": "Singers invited for a Shayama Sangeeta", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bengali residents are all set to celebrate Kali puja with traditional gaiety on Tuesday.Banga Bhawan has invited a host of singers and artists for 'Shayama Sangeet', which is performed prior to the prayer. (Kali puja is also called Shyama puja).All excited, Banerjee said, \"The puja and Diwali double people's excitement. They light up homes and women fast the whole day. They break their fast after offering 'pushpanjali' to Goddess Kali.\"\"Devotees from across the city will come together for Kali puja on Tuesday evening. The goddess in her various forms is worshipped during and after Durga puja,\" Shantanu, general secretary of Kalibari temple, said.Women offer garlands and greet the goddess with flowers to break their fast.On Monday, final touches were being given to the idols of Goddess Kali that will be decorated on Tuesday. Preparations too were being made for 'pandal' and 'maha bhog'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199743", "title": "Man forgets bag with Rs 2.5 lakh on train, GRP returns it in 30 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP)'s telephonic helpline came to the rescue of a Central Railway commuter on Monday, after he left behind a bag containing Rs 2.5 lakh in cash inside a train. The commuter, Arun Patel, 39, said he was relieved to get his bag back as the money contained labourers' salaries. Patel, a Dombivli resident, is a labour contractor.On Monday, Patel left his residence with the bag containing cash and a tiffin. He was headed to Neral where he works. \"I was to change trains at Badlapur station and kept my bag on an overhead rack. Around 12.03pm, I got off at Badlapur station. In my haste to board a Karjat-bound train for Neral, I forgot all about the bag,\" Patel told TOI. \"I only recollected it some 20 minutes later and was horrified at the thought of losing so much money. I dialled the GRP helpline (9833331111) around 12.20pm and gave details about the train and my bag. I was praying they would trace it but I had my doubts.\"The GRP found out that the local, on which Patel had left his bag behind, was headed to CST from Badlapur. \"We contacted our personnel stationed at Kalyan and passed on the details to them. The train was halted at Kalyan and the fifth coach that Patel had occupied was searched. The bag was still lying on the overhead rack. It was retrieved and returned to Patel after confirming his identity,\" a helpline staffer said. Patel said the entire cash was intact and he couldn't thank the cops enough for their timely action. The operation took only 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200856", "title": "Air hostess death: HC denies advance bail to park owner", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of EVP World Theme Park owner E V Perumalsamy Reddy in the case relating to the death of a flight attendant during a joyride at the amusement park. The court, however, granted anticipatory bail to his wife Rajeswari and son E V P Santhosh Reddy, saying they were not active partners of the firm, though they were holding key positions in the firm.Sources said Perumalsamy is likely to move Supreme Court seeking anticipatory bail. The court asked Santhosh Reddy and Rajeswari to appear before a magistrate's court in Poonamallee to execute the bail order. As per the anticipatory order, the duo has to submit sureties and appear before the investigating officer for four weeks. They should also cooperate with the ongoing investigation, the court said.Nazarathpet police included the names of the three family members, apart from five employees of the park, in its first information report, following the death of the flight attendant. F Afia Magh, a flight attendant with Kingfisher Airlines , died on October 2 after she fell off during a ride.Police arrested five staff members of the park - P Raguraman, 37, V Ashokumar, 22, C Billiam, 22, E Babu, 33, and K Manivannan, 47 - for negligence. They obtained bail from the Madras high court on October 30.Perumalsamy, Rajeswari and Santhosh earlier approached the Tiruvallur sessions court on October 10 for anticipatory bail, but were denied. Then they moved the Madras high court for anticipatory bail on October 30.The court granted anticipatory bail to his wife Rajeswari and son E V P Santhosh Reddy, saying they were not active partners of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17199138", "title": "16-year-old survives youth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s crazed attack over unrequited love", "text": "THANE: A 16-year-old school girl from Kalyan is the latest victim of an obsessed lover's attack. Angered by unrequited love, he stabbed the girl in her home and injured two neighbours too.Rita Sharma (name changed) suffered serious injuries in her abdomen after the murderous assault by Prashant Balkrishna Katalkar (23) at her home in Pisavli village, between Dombvli and Kalyan on Monday. She was rushed to Sri Devi hospital, Kalyan, where she is said to be stable. Recently, Mumbaikar Aryanka Hozbetkar faced a murderous assault from jilted lover Jerrit John.Manpada police sub-inspector Mansingh Dubal said this was the second attack by Katalkar in the last five days on the girl he claimed to love, who apparently didn't reciprocate. Katalkar runs a mobile repair shop at Pisavli village. \"Last Thursday, he waylaid Sharma while she was heading home from computer class and assaulted her right in the middle of the road,'' Dubal said.The girl and her family promptly reported the incident to Manpada police who arrested Katalkar and booked him under section 354 IPC. \"He got bail and was back on the streets. We suspect the jilted lover was planning the attack to get even. He found an opportunity on Monday when Sharma's parents were away and she was at home with her younger siblings. Katalkar broke through the tin roof of her house and jumped in with a sharp weapon in hand. He lunged at Sharma and stabbed her four times,'' Dubal said. Sharma and her siblings fled to their neighbour's house.Neighbour Lalita Jha (47) and her son Mithun (20) rushed to help, but Katalkar attacked them too before escaping. Police are questioning Katalkar's friends and relatives about his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201260", "title": "Posting full details on website not feasible, says fee panel", "text": "PUNE: The Shikshan Shulka Samiti, which finalises the tuition fees of private unaided colleges in the state, has said that releasing full details of the proposals for approval of fees submitted every year by the 2,200-odd colleges is not feasible owing to limitations - such as the limited capacity of its official website.It has, however, said that interested parties - students, parents and colleges - can access full details of these proposals, either in the form of copies under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, 2005, or inspection of the same in the samiti's office in Mumbai, by furnishing a nominal fee as per the panel's norms.The samiti, which is a Supreme Court-mandated quasi judicial panel appointed by the state government, has directed its office to convey this position to the state chief information commissioner (CIC).In July 2009, city-based RTI activist Vivek Velankar had emailed a plea to the samiti stating that it was bound by the provisions under Sections 4 (1) (C) and 4 (1) (D) of the RTI Act to publish full details relating to the fees revision proposals moved by the colleges.On October 10, Velankar emailed the CIC alleging that the samiti had failed to take notice of his plea seeking declaration of all facts and reasons related to finalization of fees, including the proposals submitted by the colleges, on the fee panel's website.P E Gaikwad, the samiti's office secretary, told TOI on Monday, \"Velankar had forwarded a copy of this complaint to the samiti and it was discussed at the samiti's meeting on November 6 under the chairmanship of Justice (Retd) P S Patankar. We will convey the samiti's position to the CIC office after the ongoing vacation.\"Velankar, in his complaint to the CIC, said, \"Even after three years, the samiti has failed to comply with the mandatory disclosure norm and is publishing only the figures of revised and approved fees. Students need to know the facts and basis on which their tuition fees is decided. Declaring such information will be very useful to students, parents and institutions.He further stated, \"The samiti gets fees revision proposal from colleges with all relevant data and works out the revised fees based on this data and application of prevailing fees fixation policy and formulae. Students need to know what proposal was received by the samiti from a college and what considerations were applied in revising the fees. Unfortunately, this is not happening.Assessing the complaint on November 6, the samiti said, \"It is wrong to say that the information regarding proposals is not made available to the parties interested in approval of fees. The entire proposal is available for copies under RTI or by paying nominal fee the entire proposal can be inspected in the (samiti) office. This is done by various parties.\"Draft minutes of the meeting posted on the samiti's website stated, \"The samiti acts very transparently and nothing is hidden. All the norms of the samiti, as well as the decisions taken by it, are posted on the website and they are available to anybody. Due to the limitation of the capacity of the website the entire proposal submitted by the college cannot be put up on the website.\"\"The samiti receives more than 2,200 proposals for approval of fees every year. The complaint regarding suppression of certain facts by the samiti is absolutely erroneous,\" the minutes stated. \"The samiti has even made a provision for revision of application by the interested parties and a reasoned order is passed on such revision applications after an elaborate hearing process and the reasoned order is posted on the website. All this is done to avoid harassment by some individuals with oblique motive,\" it added.\"It is necessary to note that the samiti has been established as per the directions of the Supreme Court. The samiti has to see the audited accounts and other connected documents as provided in the fees fixation norms and the fees are approved only after going through these documents,\" the minutes stated.When asked to comment on the samiti's latest position, Velankar said, \"I have sought to raise a simple point, that is, provisions of the RTI Act must be followed in toto and flimsy reasons like inadequate capacity of the website cannot be accepted in this era of e-governance.\"\"Inspection of proposals submitted by colleges in the samiti's office is not convenient for students or parents residing far away from Mumbai. Also, students seeking such details through RTI can be targeted by their colleges. If all information is available on the website, then it will be far more convenient for the students/parents to know what is happening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201520", "title": "Bogus crackers flood the markets", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when frenzied buying of crackers is witnessed, many sellers are selling bogus crackers under the guise of Chinese brands. Sadly, there is no way to check the authenticity of firecrackers.Many retailers in areas including Walled City, Mansarovar, Jhotwara and Murlipura are selling fake firecrackers at cheap prices.TOI on Monday spoke to many retailers who said that bogus crackers are manufactured at Kishangarh, Bharatpur and Karauli and marketed under Chinese names. Many wholesalers claimed that 20% of the firecrackers sold in the market are 'fake'.\"Some traders are selling old firecrackers, which seldom go off,\" said Ramesh Lal, a wholesale firecracker manufacturer at Kishanpole bazaar.The problem is that authenticity of sweets can be checked but there is no way to identify fake crackers.\"Last year I spent Rs 1,500 on firecrackers. Many of them did not go off. Though I thought of lodging an FIR against the trader but later decided otherwise. I know many shops in the city which are involved in the malpractice yet the police and other agencies turn a blind eye to them,\" said Ramesh Agarwal, a resident of Walled City.Meanwhile, senior police officers said that while issuing licenses they only check that the retailers and wholesalers comply with safety norms.\"If we get any cheating complaint, we will investigate the matter. No such cases have been registered in the recent past,\" an officer said.\"We have loyal customers who have been coming to us since years. They don't bargain and always ask for genuine stuff from the Sivakasi makers. Thus, we don't sell the non-branded firecrackers,\" said a wholesale dealer of firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17200995", "title": "Estimate of damage in dalit villages not accurate: Activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though normalcy has returned to three Dalit colonies of Natham, Kondampatti and Anna Nagar in Dharmapuri, human rights activists and civil society members visiting the spot on fact finding missions have pointed out massive discrepancies in the extent of damage and loss of property compiled by the district administration. As opposed to the official figure of 268 houses which were attacked causing damages to the tune of Rs 3.5 crore, activists are claiming that a door to door survey at ground zero has revealed that at least 435 houses were attacked on November 7 including 200 that were set ablaze by the violent mob.\"As per our two-day long survey of the affected areas we have found that 435 houses were attacked out of which 205 were set ablaze. The total damage will certainly exceed RS 3.5 crore as the looters religiously ransacked each house, in search of valuables which they looted,\" said Henri Tiphagne, State representative of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights.The 15-member team has submitted a memorandum to the district administration pointing out the same and suggesting several recommendations for the speedy rehabilitation of the affected people of Natham, Kondampatti and Anna Nagar. According to the team, 170 houses were torched in Natham, 10 in Kondampatti and over 25 houses in Anna Nagar. Numerous other houses were ransacked and also partially damaged in the incident. Heavy police presence is deployed in the localities to avert any untoward incident and at the moment there is an uneasy calm prevailing in the area.\"There are no further untoward incidents and situation is normal in the affected areas,\" said Sanjay Kumar, Deputy Inspector General of Police, Salem Range.The activists have also appealed to the district administration to arrange for proper facilities for the affected dalits in these three areas to cook their daily meals in a proper manner. Restoration of educational certificates and educational aids like books and government sponsored laptops have also been sought from the officials.Meanwhile, district administration officials agreed that the initial figure of 268 might be less than the actual number of affected houses and a fresh survey will be conducted in the coming days to get a better estimate of the damage.\"It was an initial survey report and we will conduct a fresh round of damage assessment to ensure whether any of the affected persons were left out and will include their legitimate losses also,\" said R Lilly, Dharmapuri district collector when contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201147", "title": "St Estevam to Panaji private bus fare up by Rs 3", "text": "PANAJI: Commuters on the St Estevam-Panaji route are paying a little more than their counterparts in other parts of the state.A few days ago, private bus operators began charging a higher fare, much to the surprise of many commuters. The bus fare from St Estevam to Panaji has increased from Rs 14 to Rs 17 while it is Rs 9 from the earlier Rs 7 for students. The full fare from St Estevam to Old Goa is Rs 12 and Rs 6 as half ticket for students. The fare from Marcela has gone from Rs 13 to Rs 16 while a student's fare is Rs 8.Assistant director of transport Gurudas Narvekar said that the government had hiked the bus fares in 2011. Although the KTC implemented the fare hike immediately, the private bus operators did not accept the hike. But now the private bus operators on the Panaji- St Estevam route have accepted and started implementing the bus fare hike. The bus operators on other routes have still not accepted the hiked fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200789", "title": "Labourer consumes poison, found dead on road", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old construction worker from Kolathur on the outskirts of the city was found dead at Uthukottai near Sipcot in Tiruvallur district on Sunday. He had consumed poison.Police in Uthukottai, 67km from here, were informed of the body lying on the road by passersby. They went there, identified him as Rajasekar with the help of his driving licence and informed his family through their Kolathur counterparts. Rajasekar had parked his bike close to the place where he was found.Later, his family members went to the morgue at the government hospital in Tiruvallur and identified his body. Based on the family members' complaint, a case was registered under Section 174 (unnatural death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). Rajasekar's family members told police he may have ended his life due to family problems.Police said Rajasekar had married Menaka three years ago and the couple didn't have any children. Later, he developed a relationship with a 20-year-old girl and eloped with her last week. The Rajamangalam police, based on a complaint from the girl's father, rescued the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200847", "title": "Water Board plans own regulatory body", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) wants the state government to set up a regulatory authority to review tariff and monitor functions.\"There is a need to constitute water regulatory authority. Though the Water Board is supplying 340 million gallons per day (MGD), we are not able to meet monthly expenditure like salaries, maintenance cost and debt servicing. We increased water tariff after a gap of nine years in 2011, however, we could not achieve revenue targets as per our expectations,\" HMWS&SB; managing director J Syamal Rao told TOI.\"Every time the HMWS&SB; wants to increase tariff, we have to depend on the board of directors, constituted by the government,\" he said. The chief minister is the chairman of the HMWS&amp;SB.;\"We have entrusted the task of preparing a proposal to constitute a separate water regulatory commission to our consultant Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI),\" the official said.\"Once ASCI submits the proposal, we will forward it to the MA&UD; department for approval. The state government has to amend the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Act to constitute a water regulatory authority,\" the HMWS&SB; chief replied.Presently, the Water Board has been supplying 340 MGD water to 7.50 lakh customers, both domestic and non-domestic, from Osmansagar, Himyathsagar reservoirs and River Krishna (phase-I and II).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17201261", "title": "Playing for fun now, says Leander Paes", "text": "LONDON: Leander Paes , grimfaced and still digesting his team's shock loss to the all-Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna in the semifinals of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, said the 2012 season had been a memorable one.\"I'm obviously disappointed with our loss now,\" he said, \"but it has been a phenomenal year overall. It's amazing that at this age (39 years) I'm competing at this level.\"Recounting his highs for the season, Paes said, \"It was huge to be able to win the Australian Open and complete my career Grand Slam in men's doubles. I've tried to win that tournament so many times in the past, but failed. So it was great to finish with the trophy this time, playing with Radek (Stepanek). I started the year really well, with my sixth Chennai Open trophy. Then we won in Miami , it was my third title in a row there. That was superb.\"The 39-year-old Mumbaibased ace, who carefully sidestepped India's tennis debacle at the Olympics, added, \"We won the Shanghai Masters. Then again here in the semifinals (against Bhupathi and Bopanna) Radek and I had it all locked up, but we didn't put it away when we had the chance. After this tournament, I finish No. 3 in the individual doubles rankings and Radek and I finish No. 3 as a team. It's been a great year. I've pretty much done everything I wanted to do. I'm playing for fun now, enjoying my time under the sun.\"Paes, who will be playing with the veteran Czech Stepanek next season, said, \"With every passing year, Radek will play fewer singles events which is good for our doubles. We are looking to play 15-16 tournaments together next year like we did this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205728", "title": "Chargesheet ready in Satnam death case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The crime branch police who probed the alleged custody death of Bihari youth Satnam Singh have prepared the chargesheet in the case. The chargesheet, which was submitted before the district government prosecutor for approval, will be submitted before the court within two days.Around six people are indicted as accused in the chargesheet prepared by crime branch DSP Gopakumaran Nair. They are Anil Kumar, the attender at Peroorkada Government Mental Health Care Centre, jail warden Vivekanandan, who was on hospital duty at the Mental Health Care Centre and four inmates of the hospital, Manjesh, Biju, Sarath Kumar alias Pratheesh and Dileep. Among them, Dileep is an accused in a murder case registered at Alappuzha south police station.The three other inmates are also accused in several criminal cases and were shifted to the Mental Health Care Centre after they showed symptoms of mental illness while in prison.There are around 108 people listed as witnesses in the case. The inmates of Mata Amritanandamayi Math, including the Mata herself were excluded from the witness list.Meanwhile, the two policemen, who were on security duty at the Math were included as witnesses. Lalu, the other inmate at the hospital, with whom Satnam picked up a fight, which eventually led to a brawl with the accused and his death, is also listed as a witness. The video footages from the Math as well as the Kollam district prison were listed as evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17200918", "title": "Gurgaon civic body to fine hotels doing business in basements", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to impose a fine on all hotels in its jurisdiction that are using their basement floor for commercial purposes. It has also decided not to renew the fire safety no-objection certificate till the time the owners remove these encroachments.According to the survey carried out by the enforcement team, almost all the city hotels are running commercial operations in the basement area that is meant only for car parking. \"In our survey we found that instead of using the basement floor for parking vehicles and keeping the fire passage unimpeded, most owners are using it for commercial purposes. We have enough evidence since we videographed the entire operation and therefore nobody can deny our charges,\" said a senior MCG official.\"One of the main reasons for parking mess in and around many of these hotels is because they don't have space for cars to be parked in the basement. While applying for a building plan sanction, they produce documents to show that they have adequate space for car parking in the basement, but after getting the sanction, they convert this space for commercial use. We will calculate the fine and impose it on the hotel owners according to the area on which they are built,\" he said.Recently the municipal commissioner had ordered that all buildings - commercial and residential - should keep the fire exit passage clear and maintain the firefighting equipment in working condition. He said that if these conditions are found to be violated, the fire no-objection certificate of these buildings will not be extended.Apart from this, following directions of a local court the MCG had imposed a penalty of Rs 5,000 on eight high-rise building owners for failing to get their fire safety no-objection certificate (NOC) from the municipal corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) around two months ago. Apart from these eight, the court had issued bailable warrants, summonses and notices to 51 others. There are around 622 highrise buildings in Gurgaon at present. It is mandatory for every building that is over 45 metres to obtain a fire safety NOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201085", "title": "Outside trawlers eating into local catch, boat owners tell min", "text": "PANAJI: Illegal fishing activities in Goan waters by boats from other states for many years have severely affected the catch hauled in by local fishermen and a continuing trend may signal a crisis, local boat owners have alleged.Representatives of Goan fishing boat owners' associations called on fisheries minister Avertano Furtado and narrated their grievances to him on Monday.A row has erupted over allegedly illegal fishing activity by outside boats in Goa's territorial waters, including landing of the catch at local jetties.The trigger was six trawlers seized by coastal police at Cortalim on Sunday. From Tamil Nadu, they were seized for unloading fish at the jetty.Vessels are prohibited from fishing within 12 nautical miles in other states. A fisheries department official confirmed, \"The 12 nautical mile zone is the state's territorial waters, outside boats can fish beyond it.\"Edwin Carvalho, chairman of Vasco fishing boat owners marketing cooperative society, said, \"Boats from outside cannot unload at jetties in other states.\" If there is a breakdown, they can come to the shore for repairs, but the fisheries department has to be notified about it.The local boat owners, who are also aggrieved over the enforcement of a colour code for vessels, alleged that illegal activities were being carried out due to a nexus between the boat crew from outside and some locals.The boat owners informed the minister that only Goan fishing boats have adhered to the requirement of following the colour code. \"Around 95% of the boats have painted their vessels, but not the other vessels seen around,\" said Carvalho. He alleged, \"The local boats are subjected to checks by coastal police.\"The local boat owners have demanded better patrolling, as the TN trawlers evaded the eyes of security agencies and landed their catch at Cortalim. Pointing out that bull trawling (joint operations with thick nets by two trawlers) is under way, local boat owners claimed this method of fishing is destructive with the nets sweeping the sea bed clean.The fisheries industry may face a crisis if (such) illegal fishing continues. \"Fishing with fine nets and close to the sea bed also affects breeding grounds,\" said Menino Afonso of Mandovi fisheries marketing cooperative society. He also claimed that boats with higher horsepower of around 400 which have been banned still operate. \"Using engines with higher horsepower gives the boats an advantage in fishing as they can drag the nets in quickly,\" said Afonso.The local boat owners have threatened to come on the streets if authorities do not play a more proactive role in checking all these illegalities. The minister agreed to look into the issue and hold a meeting with officials of the coastal police, fisheries department and representatives from fishing boat owners' associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199456", "title": "High court orders retrial of five let off in rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after a trial court acquitted five men accused of gang rape, the Delhi high court has ordered a retrial in the case. The victim in question was allegedly pushed into sex trade by her parents.Asking the trial court to frame charges of gang rape against the five, HC also dismissed the appeals of four women, including the victim's mother. While acquitting the men, the lower court had decided to try the women for allegedly abetting the girl's rape. Justice P K Bhasin gave the order on a joint plea by the prosecution and the rape victim, who has also accused her father of raping her in past. The father is on run and has been declared a proclaimed offender.Allowing the appeal against the trial court's July 2010 order discharging the five men, HC ordered them to appear before the trial court on December 4. \"The statements of the prosecution under Sections 161 (before police) and 164 (before magistrate) claiming the discharged accused were the rapists were sufficient to accept the allegations against them at the stage of framing charges,\" the high court pointed out while setting aside the clean chit by the trial court.Rejecting the defence counsel's argument that the allegations of rape are highly improbable, the court said \"the submission has no merit as there is nothing improbable about those allegations.\"In the police complaint, the victim had further alleged that her parents were involved in a sex racket and accused her father of raping her on two earlier occasions in 2005 and eventually forcing her into the flesh trade. According to the prosecution, the victim had lodged a police complaint against five men for raping her on July 21, 2006 in a house at Ganesh Nagar, east Delhi. She had alleged she was forced into the act by four women, including her mother. Police had filed a chargesheet against 10 people, including her parents.In April 2010, the trial court had framed charges against the four women for allegedly abetting her rape. It had, however, discharged the five accused men on the ground that the victim had not mentioned their names in her complaint and had mentioned them only in her statements to the police and later to the magistrate more than a month after lodging of the FIR.Setting aside the trial court's findings, Justice Bhasin said, \"The question as to why the names of the accused discharged by the trial court were not mentioned in the body of the FIR, though their names were stated there as the accused, could have been raised at the time of the trial and should not have been answered by the trial court at the stage of framing scharges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17201725", "title": "Xi Jinping is set to get stronger as President Hu Jintao decides to step down from post of military chief", "text": "BEIJING: China's new leader in waiting, Xi Jinping will have a surprise head-start to emerge as the most influential leader, as outgoing President Hu Jintao has reportedly decided to step down from all posts including the all-powerful post of the military chief.Xi, 59, currently the Vice President is expected to be formally nominated as the General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party at the end of the ongoing 18th Communist Party Congress on its last day on November 14.Scorching speculation, Hu has decided to formally relinquish his position as military chief at the end of the party Congress, Hong Kong-based 'South China Morning Post' quoted officials as saying.Hu's decision to opt for complete retirement has surprised many analysts. Xi is currently its Vice Chairman. Hu's departure will mark the first clean transfer of power the Communist Party has seen in two decades. This gives a head-start for Xi, unlike Hu when he was chosen as President 10 years ago as his predecessor, Jiang Zemin retained the post of Head of the Military for about two years after retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200641", "title": "'Onion prices vary in city markets'", "text": "KOLKATA: What is the price of onions now? It's upwards of Rs 30 a kilogram for a common man. But when chief minister Mamata Banerjee asked the same question to the members of the Special Task Force to control rising prices at the Writers' Buildings on Monday, she received several answers - none anywhere near the real prices. And if the chief minister has reasons to feel anguished and helpless, there are reasons for it.The West Bengal Chashi (Farmer) Vendors' Association's working president Kamal De claimed the prices were Rs 400/450 per 40 kilogram bag of onions on Sunday, while it is Rs 700/725 per kilogram per 40 kilogram bag on Monday. A simple calculation shows while the prices on Sunday was Rs 10-11.25 per kg, it is Rs 17.5-18.13 on Monday. \"These are wholesale figures and will increase due to the involvement of middlemen in the retail market,\" feels state agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya.The figures cited to the chief minister is nowhere to what the local grocer is charging. To make matters more confusing, De claims to represent 116 larger markets statewide - including the bustling Koley market.Agriculture secretary Subrata Biswas, however, said that the retail price of onions at the Hatibagan market is Rs 22 per kg. \"The difference between wholesale and retail prices is due to transaction costs. Four rakes of onions have arrived from Nashik and other places. The price should not go up in the days to come. Police are also keeping watch to ensure that vehicles carrying vegetables are not fleeced by goons,\" he said.Another task force member contradicted these claims. Federation of Traders Organisation Paschimbanga's secretary Rabindranath Koley claimed the retail prices of onion in Koley market was Rs 25-30. When pointed out the real prices were much more, Koley cited several myriad factors for it. But neither Koley nor De did a reality check before briefing the chief minister or her cabinet colleagues at the meeting this morning. So, if you thought the meeting would have led to any definite action by the government, think again.Koley said: \"The chief minister expressed her concern at the rising prices of onions. We informed her that there is almost no cultivation of onions in Bengal and most of these have to be brought from Nashik and Bangalore. There is a smaller variety which is grown here in Bankura and Purulia, but even that is not reaching the markets. However, the good news is that the puja subscription demand on the trucks, which usually pushes prices further, isn't a problem this time around.\" If you take the wholesale rates of onions, these have shot up by Rs 5 per kilogram since November 1.The agriculture minister claimed that middlemen are pushing up prices. But then again, he said hadn't it been for them, poor villagers couldn't have sold their produce in Kolkata markets, 100 kilometers away. When asked whether the government has failed to curb the middleman's influence, the minister said: \"That is for you to decide.\" When quizzed further on whether the government was at all aware of the raging market prices of onions, the minister said they would go by the figures given to them by the trade bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201938", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation starts tracking time taken to clear each file", "text": "NAGPUR: A citizens' charter is supposed to speed up work at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), but nothing has been done in this regard despite many directives by the standing committee. Now, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has introduced a Mantralaya-type timeline system for files, which appears to be having some positive impact.Sources told TOI that Wardhane has made it mandatory for all officials to attach a timeline chart on every file. \"Officials have to mention the date of receiving the file and its nature. They have to mention the date of dispatching the file and nature of work completed too. It will clearly show the time consumed by each official for the work or project. The civic chief may hold specific officials responsible for any delays as part of the new system. Officials have started to complete their work and dispatch the files as soon as possible. This has speeded up work at NMC and could result in timely execution and completion of development projects, leading to improved civic services,\" he said.Officials, especially technical staff, at NMC are known to inordinately delay processing files, which mars works. A file has to move from junior engineer to deputy engineer, then executive engineer and deputy municipal commissioner before reaching the table of the civic chief. It was noticed that files are blocked at various levels for some or the other reason. This may change to some extent with the new system.Many development projects at NMC are stuck due to delay in processing files. The proposal to construct eight fire stations is a fine example. The proposal was prepared for the first time in 1998 and is still hanging fire. Besides, projects like construction of malls on BOT basis, garbage transfer stations, new administrative building, cement road projects, and even some JNNURM projects are stuck.Chairman of education committee Avinash Thakre told TOI that citizens charter is the only solution to speed up the process or fix accountability on NMC officials. \"It has been noticed that some officials have already managed to come up with a way to tackle the new system. Besides, the timeline concept is related only to projects and financial matters. This system is in no way connected to citizens' grievances. The administration has to come up with a citizens' charter to really solve the problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203836", "title": "Sudarsan named brand ambassador for sand fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Globe-trotting sand sculptor Sudarsan Pattnaik was on Monday announced as the brand ambassador of the forthcoming International Sand Art Festival, which will kick off from December 1, coinciding with the Konark Dance Festival at Konark. Both the festivals are being organised by the state tourism department.Ten sand artists from different overseas nations and twenty sculptors from Odisha and outside would participate in the five-day event, which will be held on Chandrabhaga beach, nearly two kilometers from Konark.\"While only the Indian artists would compete with each other for Rs-one-lakh-prize, foreign artists would be given remuneration on daily basis. We will also give a people's choice award to the best foreign performer,\" said a tourism department officer.\"We have roped in some talented sand artists from USA, Sweden, Singapore, etc. Last year the event was a great success,\" Sudarsan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17200994", "title": "Kin cheats businessman of Rs 13 lakh in Erode dist", "text": "ERODE: A whole sale dealer of edible oil here was allegedly duped of Rs 13 lakh by his relative by luring him to invest in a business of exporting some metal to foreign countries.S Thangamuthu, a whole sale dealer of edible oil, submitted a petition to the district collector on Monday alleging that one of his relatives Jagadeesh had taken around Rs 13 lakh two years ago from him by promising huge returns from an export.In his petition, Thangamuthu said Jagadeesh had approached him saying that he and his friends were supplying iridium to foreign countries and asked him to join in the business. Believing Jagadeesh's words, Thangamathu had given him Rs 5 lakh. Later, Jagadeesh asked Thangamuthu to deposit money in his account.\"Six months later, he came to my house and asked for another Rs 5 lakh. He promised to give back the money and profit within three months,\" Thangamuthu said.But for the past two years he has been dodging from me and didn't repay my amount, he said.Thangamuthu alleged that he has been receiving threatening calls from Jagadeesh. Thangamuthu requested the collector to help him get back his money from Jagadeesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199588", "title": "Centre lines up ambitious strategy to tackle terror", "text": "MUMBAI: Embattled Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said on Monday that in view of the stepped-up violence, the Centre has drafted a multipronged strategy to tackle terrorism and left-wing extremism.\"We have drafted an ambitious plan to tackle terrorism and Naxalism with the collaboration of state governments. We are in the process of roping in former IPS officer K Vijay Kumar to draft a comprehensive action plan for the purpose,'' Shinde told TOI.Vijay Kumar, an IPS officer of the 1975 batch, retired as director general, Central Reserve Police Force, and has been credited with planning and eliminating dreaded sandalwood smuggler Veerappan in 2004. \"Once Vijay Kumar takes up the assignment, I am sure, with the cooperation of heads of central forces and state DGPs, we will be able to take on the terrorists and Naxalites,'' Shinde said.Shinde said his government is committed to combating terrorism and extremism in all forms and manifestations as no cause genuine or imaginary can justify terrorism or violence. \"Post-26/11, the worst-ever attack on the metropolis, we have raised the level of preparedness to meet the increasingly sophisticated terrorist threats, we have enhanced the speed of response to a terrorist threat or attack,'' Shinde said.Shinde said it was unfortunate that despite regular dialogue and credible evidence, the masterminds of the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts, in which 257 persons were killed, were still sitting in safe havens and yet to be brought to book. \"Their presence in a neighbouring country is well known and Interpol red notices against them, who are Indian nationals, are pending since 1993. We are committed to take both the cases, the 1993 bomb blasts and the 2611 attack, to a logical end,'' Shinde said.Shinde said to ensure more youths, particularly from Naxal-infested areas, join central security forces, the Centre has relaxed basic qualifications and physical requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17200352", "title": "Nitish Kumar visits Zulfikar, Benazir graves", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar would meet Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Tuesday and celebrate Diwali in Islamabad. The CM arrived in the Pakistani capital on Monday three days after landing in Karachi along with a 12-member delegation for a week-long visit to Pakistan.On Sunday, the delegation visited the archaeological site of Mohenjodaro and the graves of ruling Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) founder Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and his daughter Benazir Bhutto in Sindh's Garhi Khuda Bakhsh. Hundreds of PPP supporters welcomed the delegation in the Bhutto stronghold.\"My visit to Mohenjodaro marks the fulfillment of a long-standing desire and quest to experience the cradle of civilization and to see the astounding heights in culture, science and urban-planning achieved five millennia ago,'' the CM wrote in the visitors' book at Mohenjodaro.Earlier, the delegation visited the Sadu Belo Temple, located on an island and only accessible by boat. It was the first visit to the temple by an Indian politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17203967", "title": "Mood, markets dampened by economy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Economic data released on Monday showed the extent of distress with industrial output posting a surprising decline, exports shrinking for the sixth straight month and consumer price inflation hovering near double digits.Industrial output fell 0.4% in September compared to a 2.5% expansion in the year-ago period, dragged down by a sharp decline in manufacturing and capital goods sectors. In the six months of the fiscal year, industrial growth was a mere 0.1% compared to a 5.1% expansion in the same year-ago period. The government also revised downwards the growth for August to 2.3% from the previous 2.7%, adding to the worrying signs.The industrial sector has been hit hard by high interest rates, stubborn inflation and high input costs and a slowdown in investments. Overall economic growth has been hurt and in the April-June quarter, it slowed to 5.5%. The manufacturing sector, which accounts for more than 75% of the index, fell 1.5% compared to a 3.1% expansion while the capital goods sector, a key gauge of economic activity, fell 12.2% in September compared to a decline of 6.5%.The capital goods sector has displayed sharp volatility in the past few months and economists have questioned the quality of data.India Inc stepped up calls for easing interest rates to boost growth which some economists say could slow to below 6% in 2012-13. Analysts said the government must seriously implement reform measures to make sure that growth does not falter.\"While fully appreciating the imperative of anchoring inflation, the RBI now needs to intervene and reduce interest rates since a complete sacrifice of growth is not in the interest of the economy,\" said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general, Confederation of Indian Industry.\"Demand creation has to be the priority for the government and RBI. The RBI would do well to reduce repo rate by 50 basis points and cash reserve ratio by another 50 basis points,\" he said.Economists said the data released on Monday underlines the complexity of India's policy management.\"Compared to their respective previous data releases, all three indicators have worsened. From the RBI's perspective, it becomes extremely challenging to formulate a policy that supports growth even as it shields against inflationary expectations getting unhinged,\" said Indranil Pan, chief economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank .Trade data released by the commerce and industry ministry on Monday showed exports declining 1.6% to $23.2 billion in October while imports rose 7.37% to $44.2 billion. The trade gap widened to a record high of nearly $21 billion during the month.The country's exports have been hit hard by the sharp demand slowdown in India's key markets such as the United States and the European Union .\"We are keen on making sure that exports gain their ground,\" said Anup Pujari, director general of foreign trade. The government is undertaking a mid-term review of exports to assess the weak sectors and take corrective action.The retail inflation data also displayed the extent of price pressures still prevailing in the economy. Data released by the Central Statistics Office showed retail inflation inched up to 9.75% in October, marginally higher than the 9.73% posted in September. The data showed that food inflation still remains in double digits.Some economists said RBI may ease rates to revive growth.\"The reforms have broken the two-year policy logjam and have brought back interest in India. However, the impact on the macro is dependent on implementation. We are thus maintaining our FY13 estimates of a 5.4% GDP, 5.9% on the centre's deficit, 7.5-8% average WPI inflation,\" said Rohini Malkani, economist at Citigroup India.\"As regards rates, while headline inflation is likely to remain well over the RBI's medium term target, given the sharp collapse in growth, we maintain our view of the RBI likely to ease by 50 basis points in FY13,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17200813", "title": "IAC Nagpur chief is an RSS man", "text": "NAGPUR: The face of India Against Corruption in Vidarbha, Ajay Sanghi, says he has always been a RSS follower.\"I am a proud RSS Swayamsevak, but don't hold any post nor have I filled any membership form. Since my younger days I used to attend the shakha with friends until it was banned during Emergency. After returning to Nagpur in 2007, I renewed my ties with the RSS after a gap of over 30 years, by engaging with swayamsevaks and intermittently attending the shakhas,\" says Sanghi.Recently seen at the annual RSS Vijaydashmi rally, Sanghi says he does not subscribe to the organization's political affiliations. \"I have urged Sangh leaders to disassociate themselves from the BJP. Although swayamsevaks are free to join any political party, this is not true. If we become truly party-neutral, the politically inclined swayamsevaks will join different political parties and help promote the RSS ideology in a wider spectrum, remove misgivings (if any),\" says Sanghi.He says Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi are aware of his association with the RSS. While Kejriwal's phone remained unavailable, Bedi didn't answer TOI calls or text messages.Sanghi says his joining IAC is not a conflict of interest. \"The IAC will be defeating its objectives if it excludes any section of society from this second freedom struggle. Corruption affects every section of society, irrespective of their ideological beliefs, and the country is one on this issue,\" he says.Congress leaders says they are not surprised to know Sanghi's RSS connection. State minister Nitin Raut says, \"The real face of IAC is being finally seen by the country. It has always taken orders from the RSS to work against the Congress. For now just one person has come forward, soon others from IAC will follow.\"Sanghi says, \"The Congress has perfected the divide and rule strategy from the British. To secure Muslim votes, Digvijay Singh kept saying IAC movement is RSS-sponsored. Then to secure Dalit votes, they said Jan Lokpal is unconstitutional and hence against Babasaheb Ambedkar,\" he says.Sanghi has also decided to part ways with Kejriwal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at least politically. \"I agree we need to give people a political alternative, but that doesn't mean starting a political party. Kejriwal is a genuine person but, politically, I differ with him. I have decided to integrate with Anna Hazare .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203250", "title": "Diwali celebrations: Youngsters light paths", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Living up to the true spirit of Diwali festival - spread light in the lives of others, a group of youngsters from different walks of life have come forward to devote the festival to underprivileged kids of our society. Though the festival falls on Tuesday these enterprising youths started celebrating Diwali on Monday by distributing gifts and sharing sweets with dozens of kids of Snehalya in Maloya village.\"This year we have decided to dedicate our Diwali to less fortunate children, who normally have no resources to play big on this festival. Many of them are either orphans or kids of rickshaw pullers, hawkers or factory workers. We are spending from our own pocket to buy gifts and good food for them\" Rohit Ruhella, 29, who is working with an MNC here, told TOI.On Tuesday, they would offer different delicacies and gifts to underprivileged kids residing in Ramdarbar.\"Every year we observe this festival by bursting crackers or indulging in big purchases, but this time I have decided to change all that. Besides giving the underprivileged children gifts, we are also sharing different ideas and interacting with them,\" Navjeet Singh, 21, a student, told TOI.Harsimran Singh, 21, a student said, \"Many friends and some relatives made fun of me saying that I was wasting my Diwali by celebrating it with less fortunate. But I am determined to make a change and Ia??m happy celebrating the festival this way. I have saved money for this by cutting from my hang-outs and weekly movie shows.\"Meanwhile, three students - Rohit, Harsimran and Navjeet - have also pitched in by sharing their monthly pocket money for the noble cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203065", "title": "Finally, a community centre for Sector 22", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation opened the newly built community centre in Sector 22 to the public on Sunday. The community centre, which has been designed like a hotel, was inaugurated by MP Pawan Kumar Bansal. With this, a longstanding demand of residents of the area has been fulfilled.The community centre has a fully equipped air conditioned hall with a capacity of 300, a bride room, modular kitchen, office room, library with computer facility, musical gymnasium, badminton courts and table-tennis room. The E-Sampark facility will also be made available in a month or two.The place has a spacious parking lot which can accommodate more than 60 cars. Besides, spacious lawns and open space promises ease in arranging marriages and other events. Addressing the gathering, union minister of railways Pawan Kumar Bansal lauded the development work done by the MC. a??Residents who cannot afford marriage palaces in the outskirts of the city have a very good and viable option in their own area now,a?? he noted.According to area councilor Pardeep Chhabra, the community centre has been built at a cost of Rs 2.25 crore over 1.08 acres of land. He said a gymnasium hall and badminton and table tennis areas have been built for the convenience of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200829", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy wins back World Bank irrigation aid", "text": "HYDERABAD: The World Bank (WB) is to extend a Rs 1,000 crore soft loan for modernisation of more than 3,000 irrigation tanks spread across the state after the CM persuaded it to not abandon a project which had been drawn up in 2008.The scheme was originally proposed and cleared by WB in 2008 but could not take off due to the sudden demise of the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, in 2009. Thereafter, WB asked the state government to release Rs 250 crore as the local government's share in the project but, due to a severe financial crunch, the K Rosaiah and the Kiran Kumar Reddy governments could not release funds. And, now, four years have elapsed with the project yet to take off.With the state government failing to utilise the funds, WB had decided to cancel the scheme and divert the funds to some other state in the country as the original closing date of the programme was scheduled for 2012 itself. However, the CM has now succeeded in persuading WB to extend the loan.The Rs 1,000 crore loan will enable modernisation of more than 3,000 tanks to bring 2.5 lakh acres of ayacut into cultivation. After waiting almost four years, the WB team, which visited the state last month, conducted a study following which it has concluded that Andhra Pradesh was not very much inclined to take up the project.In the report, WB also pointed out that the state government had failed to launch the sensitising programme for the Water User Association, which is key to the success of the project. The bank opined that the project may not see the light of day due to the present 'political uncertainty' in the state.However, after learning that the WB was planning to cancel the project, Kiran Kumar took up the issue and held discussions with the donor agency's representatives. He directed his finance department to release the state's share immediately and also promised the bank that he would personally monitor the execution of the project so that it is completed in a span of two years.\"The WB has agreed to extend the programme for another two years after the state government releases its share by this month end,\" said a senior government official. The chief minister has asked the irrigation department to appoint project monitoring units in 21 districts and 421 mandals and start awareness programmes for the farmers under the aegis of water user associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199291", "title": "MLA protests against sealing drive in Cantonment area", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP MLA and Delhi Cantonment Board member Karan Singh Tanwar staged a demonstration at Jantar Mantar against the ongoing sealing and demolition drive in the Cantonment area.Tanwar and his supporters tried to protest outside UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's residence, but they were stopped midway by police.\"The Delhi government is in the process of regularizing illegal colonies. But in the Cantonment area, it is doing just the opposite. Lakhs of residents are facing a serious demolition threat and the government is doing nothing. The Cantonment Board is not giving permission for construction. When civic bodies don't process residents' applications, they will be forced to carry out illegal construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200826", "title": "4 panchaloha idols found in rly parcel", "text": "CHENNAI: Four panchaloha idols and a traditional lamp, all suspected to be more than a century old, were found in parcel boxes at Chennai Central on Monday. Sources said police have detained two men who came to collect the parcel later in the day.Sources in the Government Railway Police said three Krishna idols, one Vinayagar idol and the lamp were found inside boxes which arrived by Bangalore Mail on Monday.Police said the idols looked like antiques and could have been stolen from temples. Police suspect a bigger gang to be involved in idol smuggling.\"Two men who came to the railway parcel office on Walltax Road to collect the consignment didn't have valid documents. We've detained them for questioning,\" an officer said.A team led by GRP IG Arumugam found something amiss with the parcel and opened it. Sources said police would soon have details of the origin of the idols and where they were being sent, after interrogating the men. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201352", "title": "Stalls make parking lots narrower", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A municipal corporation decision is adding to traffic jams. As the city suffers from inadequate parking spaces, the civic body has allowed traders to set up stalls at these, turning a blind eye to the hassles commuters face in finding a place to station their vehicles.Shopkeepers, who have set up stalls in market parking lots, claimed that they had made the makeshift shops after submitting fee to the MC and that they had the permission slips issued by it.Parking lots of almost all the markets have been encroached upon. The situation is worst in sectors 22, 23, 19, 15, 34, 33, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 46, 47, 48, 45, and Manimajra, among others, where 40% to 50% of the parking space has been taken over by shopkeepers.DSP (traffic) Kamaldeep Singh said, \"Stalls and shops that have come up in parking lots are aggravating the traffic mess. The police should check these.\"Station house officer (SHO) of Sector 17 police station Ram Gopal said, \"The MC decision is quite surprising as it is compounding congestion on roads. In Sector 22 market, we have reduced encroachments to some extent.\"SHO of Sector 39 police station Charanjeet Singh said, \"We can't do anything, as MC has given them permission. The matter was discussed in a meeting with senior officers. The stalls are spelling trouble for commuters.\"MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said he was not aware of the matter and that he would look into it.Kashmira Singh, superintendent of MC enforcement and parking wing, said, \"Generally, MC allows stalls on paver block, but not at parking lots. We too are receiving a number of complaints. Action will be taken to check it.\"Sources in MC said, \"The civic body allots stalls in parking areas to earn more money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17199549", "title": "Can't wait to play with Sania Mirza: Bob Bryan", "text": "LONDON: Bob Bryan , the strong arm of the world No. 1 pairing, gave his newest mixed-doubles partner Sania Mirza the thumbs-up ahead of their 2013 Australian Open campaign.Bob, 6-ft-4 and 34 years of age, said he was excited to be playing with the 25-year-old Indian. \"Sania is a great girl,\" he said, \"We've shared many laughs off the court. I'm looking forward to sharing more laughs on the court. And hopefully by the end of the week, we'll find ourselves with the title.\"The American, who won the US Open and the Olympic gold medal in tandem with his twin brother Mike this season, but struggled to get going in the season-ending championship the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals where they crashed in the league stage, added, \"We are going to play the Australian Open together and see how that goes. We'll look at the other Grand Slams after that.\"Bob Bryan, one half of the world's best doubles combination for the better part of a decade now, who've finished No. 1 eight times, said, \"Sania texted just before the US Open, asking if we could play the tournament together. I had already committed for the US Open, so I told her that I would be happy to play with her at the Australian Open, so here we are.\"Bob, married to Florida attorney Michelle Alvarez - the couple has a ten-month old daughter Micaela - added that he will have to prepare hard to be ready to play with Sania. \"She has that big forehand, so she'll play from that end. I have the next two months to prepare to be ready to hold up the other end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17204464", "title": "Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi arrives in India on a week's visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi arrived here on Tuesday on a visit to India after a gap of nearly four decades as part of New Delhi's ongoing engagement with democratic and multi-party polity in that country.Suu Kyi, who is visiting India at the invitation of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, will deliver the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture here on Wednesday.The pro-democracy leader was received at the airport here by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai.\"The visit of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi would be part of our ongoing engagement with the democratic and multi-party polity in Myanmar. It would provide opportunity to exchange views on all matters of mutual interest with a view to building upon the positive momentum in India-Myanmar relations,\" according to the official spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs.\"It would be recalled Daw Aung San Suu Kyi had accepted the invitation from Sonia Gandhi in her capacity as Chairperson of Nehru Memorial Fund to deliver the Nehru Memorial Lecture when she met the Prime Minister during his visit to Myanmar in May 2012,\" the spokesperson said. Suu Kyi was also given the Jawaharlal Nehru award for international understanding in 1992.During her nearly week-long stay, Suu Kyi will visit her alma mater, Lady Sri Ram College, where she will interact with the faculty and students.Besides her engagements in Delhi, she will be travelling to Bangalore where she will visit the Indian Institute of Science and the Infosys Campus. She is also scheduled to tour rural areas in Andhra Pradesh to gain a first-hand impression of rural development and women's empowerment programmes being undertaken in India.Suu Kyi spent several years in India during her early days when her mother Daw Khin Yi was Ambassador to India. She also spent some time as a Fellow at the Institute of Advanced Study in Shimla in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201466", "title": "Youngsters light paths of the underprivileged", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Living up to the true spirit of Diwali festival - spread light in the lives of others, a group of youngsters from different walks of life have come forward to devote the festival to underprivileged kids of our society.Though the festival falls on Tuesday these enterprising youths started celebrating Diwali on Monday by distributing gifts and sharing sweets with dozens of kids of Snehalya in Maloya village.\"This year we have decided to dedicate our Diwali to less fortunate children, who normally have no resources to play big on this festival. Many of them are either orphans or kids of rickshaw pullers, hawkers or factory workers. We are spending from our own pocket to buy gifts and good food for them,\" Rohit Ruhella, 29, who is working with an MNC here, told TOI.On Tuesday, they would offer different delicacies and gifts to underprivileged kids residing in Ramdarbar.\"Every year we observe this festival by bursting crackers or indulging in big purchases, but this time I have decided to change all that. Besides giving the underprivileged children gifts, we are also sharing different ideas and interacting with them,\" Navjeet Singh, 21, a student, told TOI.Harsimran Singh, 21, a student said, \"Many friends and some relatives made fun of me saying that I was wasting my Diwali by celebrating it with less fortunate. But I am determined to make a change and I'm happy celebrating the festival this way. I have saved money for this by cutting from my hang-outs and weekly movie shows.\"Meanwhile, three students - Rohit, Harsimran and Navjeet - have also pitched in by sharing their monthly pocket money for the noble cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203960", "title": "Archery meet concludes", "text": "The 16th state-level archery meet, which kicked off in Keonjhar on Sunday, came to an end on Monday. As many as 232 participants from different district archery schools, academies and sports hostels took part. President of state archery association Ajit Tripathy said, \"An archery academy will be opened at Sankarpur sports complex in Keonjhar soon.\" Anirudha Singh, SP (Keonjhar), said, \"If tribals are properly trained they can compete at international level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200269", "title": "Cops crack whip on illegal cracker sellers", "text": "KOLKATA: For scores of hawkers who trade in fireworks and firecrackers on the streets behind Lalbazar police headquarters, this Diwali will be a dark one. They suffered losses worth over Rs 50,000 on Monday as police repeatedly raided Canning Street and the adjoining alleys to confiscate fireworks being sold on the sly. By evening, the hawkers were selling the remaining stock at rock-bottom prices.From this year, police have banned sale of fireworks by unlicensed traders. Three retail fairs have been set up at Maidan, Behala and Santoshpur to regulate sale of fireworks and prevent illegal crackers from entering the market.But that did not dissuade the brigade of hawkers who swarm the central business district to sell crackers in the run-up to Kali Puja and Diwali. While most women hail from Dasnagar and are domestic helps, the men hawk other goods rest of the year. Come Diwali , they head to Belur and Bally in Howrah, Champahati and Budge Budge in South 24-Parganas, Narayanpur-Nilganj and Kanchrapara in North 24-Parganas to purchase firecrackers from illegal manufacturing units that flourish in these belts.\"The police have been ruthless. They have seized rockets, flowerpots, ground chakkars and other fireworks worth Rs 10,000. Now, we are doing distress sale so that we can make little money before the remaining stock is seized,\" said Md Akram, one of the largest firework hawkers doing business on Canning Street.While police kept the likes of Akram on the toes the entire day, not very far on SN Banerjee Road in central Kolkata, a group of hawkers - backed by a Trinamool Congress trade union - did business without any fear. Backed by a Trinamool Congress trade union, the hawkers had set up proper stalls along the footpath.\"We usually sell vegetables, but before Diwali, we sell firecrackers for three-four days every year as it fetches a good profit. Though we don't have any licence, there is nothing to fear as we pay the union Rs 200 per stall. That ensures protection from police and peace of mind,\" said a stall-owner.However, customers weren't bothered about the legality of the shops. \"Since I am getting the fireworks at prices lesser than that at Bazi Bazaar, it does not matter to me,\" said Sukanta Pramanik, a local resident. Legal fireworks retailers pay Rs 500 each to police and fire brigade as license fee.At Bazi Bazaar, Burrabazar Fireworks Dealers' Association secretary Sanjoy Kumar Dutta said police needed to be more vigilant to curb illegal sale of fireworks. \"Where were the police when they were transporting the fireworks? The entire purpose of organizing the Bazi Bazaar is defeated if hawkers continue to stock and sell fireworks in the congested Canning Street locality,\" he said.In 1995, police had forced licensed fireworks retailers to shift to a temporary fair site opposite Rabindra Sadan to do business so that a mishap does not occur in Canning Street where most of their shops are located. Since then, the Bazi Bazaar has been shifted three times to finally settle on the ground next to Sahid Minar.1. BAZI BAZAARA. Business at Esplanade: Rs 10 croreNo. of stalls at Esplanade: 80Footfall: 1,25,000B. Business at Barisha High School, Behala: Rs 5 croreNo. of stalls: 40Footfall: 70,000C. Business at Kishore Bharati Stadium, Santoshpur: Rs 4 croreNo. of stalls: 60Footfall: 55,000No. of legal firework traders: 300No. of illegal firework hawkers: 300-4002. POLICE ACTIONAmount of illegal fireworks seized: 15,000 kgMinimum price of firework seized: Rs 15 lakh3. COMPARATIVE PRICEFireworksBazi BazaarIlegal retailLarge ground chakhras: Rs 160/pack (10 pc)Rs 40/pack (10 pc)Large rockets: Rs 250/pack (5 pc)Rs 50/pack (5 pieces)Flower pots Rs 120/pack (10 pc)Rs 40/pack (10 pc)4. MANUFACTURING UNITSLegal fireworks manufacturing centres: Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu; Nilganj in Barasat and Chata in Budge BudgeIIlegal fireworks manufacturing centres: Champahati, Nungi, Budge Budge, Narayanpur-Nilganj, Kanchrapara, Belur, Bally, Chanditala", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204151", "title": "10 bikers nabbed for reckless driving", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dispur Police have nabbed 10 bikers for reckless driving in the city. While seven were caught from the Christianbasti area, three others were nabbed from Ganeshguri. All the 10 bikes have been seized by police.\"The growing menace of rash driving has caused several deaths in the city. Moreover, youths are involved in stunt biking these days leading to fatal accidents on city streets. We have received many complaints about stunt biking and have decided to take stern action against the offenders,\" said city traffic SP Vivekananda Das.\"The group members ride their bikes at a speed not less than 100 km an hour. They bet heavily and race on the busy city streets,\" said an officer of Dispur PS. He added that all of them are students and two among them don't even have licenses, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17197200", "title": "Tee time for cricket", "text": "The golfing greens of Ahmedabad quite impressed the touring English cricketers who slipped into their golfing attire and tee off to have some good time at a city based gold course recently. Cricketer Jonathan Trott along with teammates Eoin Morgan, Graham Onions, Tim Bresnan were spotted hitting the birdie as they took some time off from playing cricket recently.The atmosphere on the greens was nonetheless perked up as the talk of cricket kept occupied city's golfers who were also seen teeing off that day. It was a moment of role reversal as golfers talked cricket as cricketers seemed to be thinking about scoring a hole in one. Well, this just seems to be the icing on the cake as there is more oomph in promise with the Indian cricket squad too gearing up for action for the upcoming test match. One can expect more such off the pitch moments, for sure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204813", "title": "Akshay Kumar starts shooting 'Pokkiri Raja' remake", "text": "Barely days since he wrapped up shooting for Khiladi 786 in Oman and Akshay Kumar has once again jumped into the fray.During the first half of yesterday, we spotted the actor during an outdoor shoot of the Hindi remake of the Malayalam film Pokkiri Raja directed by Anthony D'Souza.A source revealed, \"Akshay Kumar likes to start early, and the entire team started shooting in the morning. A dramatic scene was being shot in the narrow lanes of maximum city. He has personally choreographed some of the action in the film. The first schedule was shot in Delhi and that was a hardcore action sequence.\"Quite the action junkie, Akshay plays a gangster in the film, albeit one who has a heart of gold. Strangely enough, for the first time, there is no heroine cast opposite the Khiladi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17205149", "title": "Quarter of world's pneumonia child deaths in India", "text": "KANPUR: Doctors of the Academy of Paediatrics advised locals to take extra care of their kids in the prevailing weather conditions and keep pneumonia at bay. They were speaking at a press conference on Pneumonia Day here on Monday and emphasised strengthening immunity and resistance to fight the killer disease.Commenting on pneumonia deaths among young children in India, president of the academy Dr Rashmi Kapoor informed that the disease globally killed an estimated 1.4 million children below the age of five years every year-more than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis together did. It is alarming that India accounts for almost 25 per cent of the world's pneumonia deaths of children.\"Pneumonia accounts for 20 per cent deaths among children below 5 years of age becoming the leading cause of death in the age group. According to the IAP records, annually, India witnesses 45 million pneumonia cases among children below 5 years of which 0.37 million die due to pneumonia,\" added Dr Kapoor.The experts also stressed the government should take serious steps towards introduction of pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) which immunises children against pneumonia and other diseases caused by streptococcus pneumoniae.They also stressed creation of a clean environment, addressing the issue of malnutrition and breast feeding for the first 6 months, timely immunisation and appropriate healthcare during delivery to reduce significantly mortality rates due to vaccine preventable diseases like pneumonia.\"Try to take extra precautions for kids under the 5 years of age with the onset of winters. Consult doctor immediately in case of prolonged cough, cold or fever,\" said Dr Saurabh Dwivedi, another paediatrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203943", "title": "Now, info on govt functioning a click away", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a bid to disseminate information on the day-to-day happenings of the state government, e-news website of information and public relations department on Monday was inaugurated by minister for information and public relations and energy, Arun Kumar Sahoo.The content of this website includes various programmes and activities undertaken in various service delivery sectors with sole objective to make aware the public on the steps taken for their all round development. The NIC, government of India, Bhubaneswar has extended technology support for the launching of this new site. The minister said this initiative will go a long way in achieving the long felt requirement of e-governance. Secretary of I and PR department, P.K. Jena said the present system will be upgraded into e-payment mode and the booking of Jaydev Bhawan will also be made online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202258", "title": "A new beginning at 5 Kalidas Marg", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bringing in Diwali festivities in style, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav broke from tradition and hosted a Diwali get-together for ministers, bureaucrats and journalists at his official residence, 5 Kalidas Marg, on Monday. This is the first time that a formal event was hosted to exchange festive greetings. Though the chief minister's residence had turned into a fortress during the Bahujan Samaj Party rule, even in its previous regime, the Samajwadi Party government had never hosted such an event before. Saying that it was a unique opportunity for senior officials, ministers and journalists to interact freely, officials welcomed the move and said this was the start of a truly Samajwadi Diwali.Though PWD Minister Shivpal Yadav was not in attendance, senior Samajwadi leaders Azam Khan , Anand Singh, Ahmed Hasan, Raghuraj Pratap Singh, Arvind Singh Gope and Paras Nath Yadav were spotted. Senior bureaucrats present during the informal gathering included top ranking officials like Alok Ranjan, Rakesh Garg, Anita Singh, JP Sharma, Anil Gupta and Navneet Sehgal, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205697", "title": "Army asks state govt for 65 cents for retd staff", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Army has asked the state government for 65 cents in lieu of the defence land at Payyambalam, which it said has been encroached by the District Tourism Promotion Council, Kannur. The Defence Security Corps (DSC) Kannur said it had planned to build a retirement facility on it and wants the state to make alternative arrangement.\"The DSC is poised for growth and 20,000 more employees will join from across the nation. A good chunk of them will be heading to Kerala and given the staggering number, we have asked the state to initiate paperwork to provide alternative land,\" said an army officer.K Bhaskaran, deputy director, DTPC, Kannur said his office has received a request for 65 cents and has directed the tehsildar to find a plot.\"Payyambalam Park is a popular leisure spot in Kannur with a magnificent view of the sea. The land, which the Army says was encroached by the DTPC was actually a cliff. It could not even be measured. The then DSC commander and the district collector who were good friends had verbally come to an agreement about its current status. The Army was aware of what was happening. The DTPC cannot take the blame for that,\" he said.\"Two joint surveys conducted by the state and the Army has established that the Payyambalam Park was developed by the Kannur DTPC as defence land. The encroachment took place in 1996. We understand that people's sentiments will be hurt if the Army reclaims it. But the state had in-principle promised 4.5 acres for the Army during a civil-military liaison conference in 2007 and that promise is still pending,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17200985", "title": "Crackdown starts to curb noise pollution", "text": "NOIDA: To check sales of high intensity firecrackers in Noida on Diwali, the pollution control board is conducting random checks by surveillance squads in city markets. The teams are conducting raids to check sale of crackers having potential to create noise intensities beyond 125 decibels outside a 4m radius of blasting points.Officials at the regional office of Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) in Noida said that licences of any shop found involved in the sale of such crackers would be cancelled and their goods would be confiscated. \"Cases against such illegal sale would be referred to the district administration for necessary action,\" said a board official.According to UPPCB officials, a Supreme Court order of 2005 had mandated upon manufacturers of firecrackers to publish on packets the composition and maximum permissible weight of various chemicals used to produce them. These levels are specified by the department of explosives and manufacturers are also required to publish the noise levels of the crackers, apart from safety advisories on the boxes. \"The maximum noise limit for a cracker is 125 decibels and for a series of crackers is 105 decibels. Anyone found flouting these limits would be booked,\" said the official.Though the board has also set up noise-monitoring sites in Sectors 5 and 8 of the city, accurate measurement of noise levels during peak hours on Diwali night would be difficult to monitor because of the lack of real-time noise monitoring systems. The department is yet to procure such systems for installation in Noida. UPPCB said that a proposal for the systems is pending with the head office in Lucknow.The board has also set up an air-quality monitoring station in Sector 1 to record pollution levels during Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200805", "title": "It is goodbye to greeting cards as demand drops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saying happy Diwali with an SMS which has a diya made out of parentheses and hyphens seems to be beating the old fashioned greeting card with a pop-up diya hands down these days.Demand for greeting cards during the festive season has gone down by a whopping 70% in the past five years, a new survey by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) which includes Hyderabad said. Gift shop owners across the city too lamented a sharp drop in sales of cards.The recently concluded survey conducted under the aegis of ASSOCHAM Social Development Foundation (ASDF) shows Diwali cards have lost out on their market as majority of youngsters prefer modern means of communication to wish each other.The report revealed that the postal department too has seen a decline in movement of Diwali card with the number of such cards handled per day going from around 8000 a few years ago to 500 currently.From being among the fastest moving items at gift shops in the city once, greeting cards find little to no takers now. \"Sales in our stores have come down by around 200% over the past five years. Diwali used to be a very important time as it was one of the main seasons for greeting card and gift sales,\" said L C Umakant, owner of Shraddha Extension in Secunderabad.\"Now even corporate gifting has reduced as companies want to save money in this economy ,\" he said, adding that even fancy items like big size cards which enjoyed huge demand three to four years ago with at least 50 to 60 pieces selling per day, has now dropped down to around 10 in a day.With a steep fall in demand for greeting cards, city stores said that stocks too have been reduced to minimise losses.\"Last year we kept around 100 varieties of diwali greeting cards in our store. But this year it is down to just 25 varieties. Sales have suffered by around 40% in the last few years,\" said Puran Prasad, a Himalaya Book Store official.Some stores are hopeful that the appeal of the 'personal touch' that comes with cards and gifts will draw more customers in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17200931", "title": "3 seek collector's nod to die", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Alleging harassment by local politicians eyeing their land, three elderly persons of a family on Monday urged the collector to give them permission to end their lives, in Venkatapuram of Payakaraopet mandal in Visakhapatnam district.Vajja Raghavayya (85) and Venkata Subbamma (77) and one of their daughters Nirmala (52) presented their plight before collector V Seshadri at the 'grievance day' held at the collectorate. They submitted a letter to him seeking permission to commit suicide. They said they were being constantly harassed and threatened by several politicians including former district Congress president Thota Nagesh and his associates.According to sources, Raghavayya settled in Payakaraopet mandal six decades ago. He purchased hundreds of acres of barren land near the coast at Venkatapuram to grow casuarinas. In 1990, he gave away more than 550 acres to five villages after a politician threatened to usurp his land. On the advice of the then sub-collector he had given his land to the poor people of Venkatapuram, Rajanagaram, Kesavaram and Kumarapuram. However, the authorities had reportedly cheated him by providing him D-patta land, which cannot be sold according to revenue rules. \"The police and revenue authorities are helping the politicians and their followers. We have no option but to end our lives,\" Venkata Subbamma, the farmer's wife, said.Raghavayya had three sons and two daughters. Two sons have died and the third is mentally challenged. Of the two daughters, one has lost her husband and is staying with her parents.According to Raghavayya, politicians of almost all parties including YSR CP in Payakraopeta have been eyeing his land. \"They are continuously threatening me that they will see to it that my land pattas are cancelled. In this old age, where can I go with my wife and daughter,\" he represented his case before the collector. The collector assured him that the matter would be looked into.They later met tribal welfare minister Balaraju and rural SP G Srinivas, who assured them of government support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203726", "title": "Diwali loses sparkle sans Sivakasi crackers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The devastating fire at Sivakasi in September has affected the cracker market in Bhubaneswar and Jatni, a major wholesale market.Supply from Sivakasi has come down to nearly 50% this time, said bulk wholesale buyers of Jatni.\"I used to buy crackers of nearly Rs 6 lakh from Sivakasi every year. Since very few cracker manufacturing units are functioning at Sivakasi now, I got materials of only Rs 2 lakh from there,\" said Trilochan Patnaik, a wholesaler of Jatni, adding that he is returning the advance money he took from some retailers.Most traders in Jatni and other areas this time depended on small manufacturing units in Cuttack's Padmapur. Vendors in Bhubaneswar bought some Sivakasi crackers at exorbitant prices from traders, who had stocked it since the last year.The craze is also missing in the absence of Sivakasi crackers. \"Though we have crackers of other companies, people are only asking for Sivakasi products. Whatever little Sivakasi stock I had were sold off in the last two days,\" said city-based retailer Ranjan Das. Retailers and wholesalers said they could not get new varieties of crackers from Sivakasi where production has slumped to nearly 60% following restrictions by the Tamil Nadu government after the inferno.As mark of solidarity towards Sivakasi fire victims, the firework retailers here have donated money to the kin of the deceased. The retailers said they gave the money to Jatni wholesalers, who are collecting donations for Sivakasi mishap victims. \"While buying crackers, we voluntarily donated Rs 1,000 for the kin of Sivakasi victims. Since the wholesale traders directly deal with Sivakasi cracker manufacturers, we did not hesitate donating the money,\" said Pratap Kumar Biswal, a cracker vendor. Meanwhile, prices of the fireworks have gone up by nearly 15% compared to the previous year due to hike in fuel prices. \"Since we spend a lot on transportation, we are forced to sell the products at higher prices,\" Biswal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204348", "title": "Special train between Ald, Surat", "text": "times news networkALLAHABAD: To clear passenger rush during Diwali and Chhath, railway is a special train between Allahabad and Surat. This train will leave Allahabad at 5:45pm and reach Dabhoura at 7:38am, Manikpur at 8:10am, Satna at 9:30am, Maihar at 10:05am, Katni at 10:50am, Jabalpur at 12:30pm, Narsinghpur at 1:50pm, Itarsi at 4:40pm, Khandwa at 7:45am, Bhusawal at 10:30pm, Jalgaon at 11:35pm, Nandubar at 2:25am, Vyara at 4:01am, Udhana at 5:30am and terminate at Surat at 5:55pm.During the return journey, the train will leave Surat at 10:45pm and arrive at Udhana at 10:55am, Vyara at 00:10am, Nandubar at 3:10am, Jalgaon at 6am, Bhsawal at 7am, Khandwa at 10:40am, Itarsi at 2pm, Jabalpur at 6:40pm, Katni at 8:05am, Maihar at 8:50pm, Satna at 10:20pm, Manikpur at 00:55am, Dabhoura at 1:20am and terminate at Allahabad at 4:30am.This train will leave Allahabad every Sunday and Wednesday from November 14 to December 16 and from Surat end every Friday and Monday from November to December 14.The train will have two AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, six sleeper and five general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201218", "title": "Nayar ton allows Mumbai to walk away with 3 points", "text": "JAIPUR: Mumbai, quite expectedly, took the first innings lead in their drawn Ranji Trophy tie against Rajasthan at the KL Saini Stadium on Monday, to grab three points on a wicket that turned out be a batting paradise. In the process, Abhishek Nayar helped himself to a century, his second on the trot.Play was called off as soon as the Mumbai innings ended at 579, about 45 minutes after tea, with Nayar remaining unbeaten on 105. Mumbai now have six points from two matches, while defending champions Rajasthan have managed just two so far from as many games. Rajasthan face Madhya Pradesh in their next match here from Saturday, while Mumbai take a break before travelling to Hyderabad for their next match from November 24.Starting the final day with 119 required to overhaul Rajasthan's first innings score, Mumbai, with seven wickets remaining, knew they did not really needed to exert themselves. Overnight batsmen Hiken Shah and Kshemal Waingankar carried on from where they left off on Sunday evening and a couple of dropped catches, both offered by nightwatchman Waingankar, helped them on their way.However, Rajasthan got a lifeline midway through the first session when three quick wickets gave them some hope. Seamer Aniket Choudhary dismissed Waingankar and Shah, while left-arm spinner Gajendra Singh had Suryakumar Yadav padding deliberately to a ball that was headed towards the stumps. At 420 for six, Mumbai were suddenly under pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "17205551", "title": "Tea planter shot dead by militants in Assam", "text": "TEZPUR: A tea garden owner was gunned down and his security guard was seriously injured by suspected NDFB anti-talk faction insurgents in Assam's Sonitpur district on Tuesday.A group of the National Democratic Front of Bodoland fired 15 rounds on the vehicle of Mahalaxmi Tea Estate proprietor Adilur Rahman at Nagda on the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border as he was driving with his security guard towards Baihata Chariali, police sources said.The planter of the garden was killed and his security guard, Motilal Tirke, belonging to the Assam Tea Protection Force, was grievously wounded, they said.Tirke was referred to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital, the sources said.Senior civil and police officials reached the spot after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200966", "title": "MIM withdraws support to UPA in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen's decision to pull out of the Congress alliance in Andhra Pradesh and the Centre has jolted the lead UPA party to the reality that proliferating Muslim parties can hurt its prospects.The new fear in Congress revolves around the mushrooming of parties catering to the minority community, a traditional Congress voting bloc. A clutch of outfits have surfaced in UP, hardening the view that more such experiments would come at the cost of Congress.The Hyderabad development can be politically serious as MIM pulled out after accusing Congress's Kiran Reddy government of colluding with \"communal forces\". The accusation can hurt Congress, especially when it is considerably weakened in the wake of UPA's woes. The minorities gravitate towards Congress when the latter is seen as the sole outfit capable of defeating BJP.Congressmen recall how assembly victories post-26/11 led to one-sided polarization among minorities that put the Lok Sabha contest beyond BJP. In the wake of the pullout by Trinamool as also smaller ones like the two-member Jharkhand Vikas Party earlier, the pullout of the one-MP MIM conveys a message that Congress's stock is dipping.MIM's Asaduddin Owaisi seems to have chosen his time, pointing to the alleged temple construction near Charminar for the extreme step. Any consolidation between Owaisi and rebel Jaganmohan Reddy, who is on the ascendant, can spell trouble for Congress.The issue had come up at Friday's \"samvad baithak\". AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh urged the party to pay attention to political outfits preaching \"fundamentalism\" to Muslims. He sought a clear-headed policy to deal with them. It was seen as serious since Singh was the first speaker asked by party chief Sonia Gandhi to start the political discussion.The danger may be greater in states like Rajasthan or MP that have bipolar polity but with grievances among Muslims like in Rajasthan where police firing in mosque still results in protests or Madhya Pradesh that has seen increased saffron activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17206075", "title": "India upset Ireland in World Team Squash Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: India caused the first major upset in the WSF Women's World Team Squash Championship when they beat higher-ranked Ireland in a dramatic tie which went down to the wire in Nimes, France.The historic World Squash Federation event, boasting a record entry of 26 nations, is the first ever to be staged in France, and the first to feature three all-glass show courts.India, seeded 10th, had to dig deep to put it across Ireland, the No 7 seeds, 2-1, thus reversing the result of the same Pool G clash two years ago.India's numero uno female player Dipika Pallikal paved the way with a four-game victory over experienced Irish champion Madeline Perry, but the squad number two Joshana Chinappa let slip a 2-1 lead to allow Aisling Blake, and Ireland, back into the tie.But teenager Anaka Alankamony held her nerve to see off Laura Mylotte 12-10, 11-3, 11-7 to give India a sensational victory at La Parnasse Arena.Pool G: (10) India bt (7) Ireland 2-1 Dipika Pallikal bt Madeline Perry 11-9, 11-8, 7-11, 11-8, Joshana Chinappa lost to Aisling Blake 9-11, 11-7, 11-6, 8-11, 9-11, Anaka Alankamony bt Laura Mylotte 12-10, 11-3, 11-7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17200978", "title": "Industrial sectors to finally get some civic relief", "text": "NOIDA: Spelling respite for thousands of people who frequent industrial sectors, the Noida Authority has finally initiated tender proceedings to begin work on repairing potholes-ridden roads in the area.To begin with, the Authority has invited bids to carry out repair and upgrading work in Sectors 2 and 11. Officials said that the Authority will soon take up repair work in the rest of the industrial sectors. The tender formalities for the work in Sectors 2 and 11 will be completed in a fortnight and work on repairing, resurfacing and constructing new concrete roads in some areas in these two sectors will begin in the first week of December.The industrial sectors, one of the earliest to be set up, have been battling civic apathy for years. Industrialists' associations and others who frequent these sectors have written time and again to the Authority to help clear the civic mess. However, while the Authority has advertised several plans to carry out repair work in the past, nothing has been done.In early 2011, the Authority had got the Housing Urban Development Corporation to conduct a survey detailing the poor state of infrastructure and sanitation facilities and the current requirements in industrial Sectors 1 to 11. The Authority also completed another survey that was conducted by its engineering department. Then, first in May 2011 and then in September 2011, it announced that work to make concrete roads, lay out new sewer networks and make efficient sanitation arrangements, was to begin soon. However, no work was done.Following yet another series of complaints and reminders from residents and industrialists, the Authority has finally decided to begin work on upgrading the infrastructure in these industrials sectors. \"We have invited bids for the road repair work in Sectors 2 and 11. We will soon repair and strengthen the roads in the remaining industrial sectors as well,\" an Authority official said. \"We will also address other problems that the industrial sectors face, such as, overflowing drains, rampant encroachment and inadequate sewer network,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201931", "title": "MSEDCL call centre to cater to all towns soon", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL's centralized call centre service, which is presently available only in municipal corporation areas, will cover all major cities and towns of the state by year end. The power distributor is implementing the project in 130 towns of the state, the ones that are covered under centrally funded R-APDRP project.Before MSEDCL started implementing the call centre project this summer, many cities including Nagpur had local level call centres. However, they dealt with only breakdown complaints. \"Consumers will be able to lodge complaints regarding billing, metering and breakdowns with the state-level call centre. They can also ask for new connections or increase in connected load. The top company officials would be able to track the complaints or requests at random. This will keep the field officers on their toes,\" a MSEDCL officer said.Other than helping consumers, this project also helps MSEDCL in preparing a database of the consumers. \"When you call up the centre you have to state your name, consumer number and billing unit number. This data is stored in MSEDCL's server. Next time you only need to mention your name,\" the official further said.The officer said that like other call centres the voice of the consumer would be taped for future reference. \"Our call centre will work on interactive voice response system (IVRS). It will be available in three languages Marathi, Hindi and English. The consumer won't directly talk to the call centre staff. The 100 people are there only to manage the system,\" he explained.Presently, the number of seats in the call centre located in Mumbai (Bhandup) is 60. A back up centre will soon become functional in Aurangabad taking the total number of seats to 100. Initially, the number of telephone lines was 40, presently it is 60 and by the year end it will go up to 120.MSEDCL's service providing bill information on mobile phones through SMS has become very popular with 60,000 people registering for it within a month of its start. If you avail this service you get an SMS as soon as the bill is generated mentioning the amount and last date for payment. When you pay the bill through Internet you get a SMS confirming your payment.It is very easy to avail this service. Just go the Internet payment gateway on MSEDCL's website and create an account with a login and password. You have to mention your name, address, etc for creating the account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17203748", "title": "Civic body vows to clean town post-Diwali", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Facing criticism year after year for failing to clear the mess post-Diwali, the Sambalpur Municipal Council has pulled its socks up this year to make the town spic and span after the festival.\"The municipality has made a special provision this time to clean the town by deploying additional manpower. But people are requested to dump the used materials at a particular point on the street,\" said a senior officer of the civic body on Monday.According to him, the sanitation work was outsourced to a private agency earlier but the agency was replaced when it did not take up the work as per the agreement.Cleaning of the town on the following day of Diwali is a major concern for people every year.During the festival, all businessmen of the town decorate their houses and shops with flowers and banana trees and on the next day they dump the items along the roads in the absence of dustbins.Due to an indifferent civic body, all the items remain on the roads for days together, feeling the air with an obnoxious stench.Sources said the business community begins their financial year from Diwali. \"We celebrate Diwali in a traditional way as from this day our new financial year starts. We also use glittering lights to decorate our homes and shops,\" said Madhusudan Kedia, a businessman of Khetrajpur.Meanwhile, consumers expressed their displeasure over varying prices of firecrackers from vendor to vendor. \"Without any regulatory mechanism, cost of the crackers varies from place to place. It is the individual vendors who decide the price,\" rued Dilip Mishra, a consumer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17204174", "title": "Nagaland concern over falcon hunting", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland government has expressed concern over rise in wildlife crimes in the state.In a statement, Nagaland chief wildlife warden T Lotha said, \"Some reckless and mindless people, under the guise of land ownership, are indulging into indiscriminate destruction of wildlife, posing a major hurdle to conservation efforts.\"The chief wildlife warden stated that the recent episode of trapping and selling of Amur Falcons from Doyang reservoir has attracted much criticism. \"The ground reality is that timely intervention by the authorities had been negated by the people involved in the offence,\" it stated.\"The community living around Doyang reservoir should learn a lesson from the model of community conservation of Amur falcons as displayed by Changtongia community in Mokokchung district. Unlike previous years, there was a rise in the number of migratory birds coming to at Doyang this year. I have seen that birds have started receding to their migration routes,\" the press note stated.The chief wildlife warden said the estimation of birds killed - 12000-14000 a day and 120000-140000 annually - given by Conservation India is exaggerated and incorrect, although some killings took place this year. He added that such incidents will not be allowed to happen in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200831", "title": "Kiran govt sees no immediate threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Deeply disturbed at the withdrawal of support to the government by MIM, the state cabinet, at an emergency meeting here on Monday evening, decided to placate the ally by initiating talks.The meeting attended by about 24 ministers including C Damodara Rajanarasimha (deputy chief minister), Botsa Satyanarayana (PCC president), K Jana Reddy, Anam Ramanarayanaran Reddy, Kasu Krishna Reddy, N Raghuveera Reddy, Vatti Vasanth Kumar, Satrucharla Vijayaramaraju, P Viswaraup, M Mahidhar Reddy, C Ramachandraiah, T G Venkatesh and Erasu Pratap Reddy, it was decided to persuade the MIM to reverse its decision.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy reportedly explained the legal stand on the temple issue and assured the members that there was no threat to the government. \"The government did no wrong in the temple issue. All we did was to honour the high court's order,\" the CM told the meeting.According to sources, all the ministers supported the chief minister and felt that the decision of MIM was politically motivated. The cabinet also decided to brief the party high command everything related to the temple controversy and the court directive.The chief minister convened the meeting at his camp office amid fears in the party that the MIM's decision would give credence to the talk that minorities, the traditional vote bank of the party, were leaving the Congress.Talking to media after an hour-long meeting, transport minister and PCC president Botsa expressed the hope that a patch-up between the Congress and its ally was possible.and the MIM would revoke its decision of withdrawing support to the state and UPA governments.Meanwhile, former minister Md Shabbir Ali and Rajya Sabha member M A Khan were in touch with MIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi. Sources said even the AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad , party presidents Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmad Patel are also said to be in touch with the MIM leadership.Though the Congress leaders felt sad at the MIM's decision which has been with the Congress for decades, they do not foresee any threat to the survival of the Congress government in the state. They are sure that either TDP or TRS would not take any step that destabilizes the state government and helps YSR Congress get mileage.Congress on its own has 155 members in the House. Three MLAs (from Eluru, Bobbili and Chintalapudi) have resigned. Still Congress will have a majority of five members. Congress is hopeful that five from the Left and one from Lok Satta too will bail out the Kiran regime. The worry of the Congress is that the decision has come at a time when the traditional vote bank of minorities is reportedly gravitating towards YSR Congress.They want the immediate dousing of the fire before it is perceived as the parting of the Muslims from Congress which enjoyed the support of the community for ages.Immediately after the MIM announcement, AICC spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit defended the chief minister. He said in New Delhi,\" no Congress chief minister will join hands with communal forces. A Congress government cannot be communal, I don't believe in it.\"He said the MIM decision was inconsequential as for as the UPA government was concerned. Talking about the impact of the decision on the state government, he was confident nothing would happen. \"This is a local issue. The chief minister will tackle it,\" Dikshit said.Senior leaders such as minster S Sailajanatha, former ministers Gade Venkata Reddy, JC Diwakar Reddy, Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao and MLA T Jayaprakash Reddy exuded confidence that this issue would be sorted. Reacting separately to the development, they said MIM's decision would upset Kiran's government. Party chief whip Gandra Venkataramana Reddy discounted that the decision would lead to a no-confidence motion in the Assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17204708", "title": "Thackeray's Diwali appeal: Oust Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray appealed people to overthrow the Congress governments in the state and at the Centre, saying they had ignored crucial issues like rising inflation, electricity shortage, corruption and Indo-Pak relations.\"Oust Congress and banish the darkness forever,\" the 86-year-old Sena patriarch said in a statement published in party mouthpiece 'Saamana' here on Tuesday.Thackeray, who virtually announced retirement from public life in a video message at the annual Sena Dussehra rally in October, greeted people on Diwali. \"Overthrow the Congress governments in the state and at the Centre, which are a 'cancer',\" he said.The Sena chief flayed Congress governments for ignoring crucial issues like rising inflation, electricity shortage, corruption and Indo-Pak relations.\"Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde says all problems of the country would be solved by playing a cricket match with Pakistan,\" he said.The Sena chief had on Monday said he was ailing but not on ventilator. \"I am feeling breathless, but I am not on ventilator,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17204322", "title": "Diwali: Where cacophony of crackers turns into communal harmony", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a time when divisive forces are conspiring to shred the secular fabric of the country, celebration of the festival of Diwali in the railway colony is a quintessence of harmony. Cutting through the shackles of religious barriers, people of all communities including Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs and Christians come together and celebrate the festival in a unique way.As the services of Indian Railways attract people from every part of the country, these colonies have taken the shape of a mini-India as people from the different states of the country and from different backgrounds, cultures and speaking different languages reside in them. Deepwali is the time people assemble and celebrate the festival symbolising the symbiotic culture of the country.Speaking about the preparations of the festival, Arun Bajaj, a resident of Railway Colony, says, \" We wait eagerly all year for the festival of lights. Arrangements were in place for white washing the railway quarters and bungalows to give a glowing touch to the building. Special lights are put up for illuminating the building.\"After the puja of Goddess Lakshmi in their homes, residents along with their children assemble in the playgrounds of the colonies. The gathering of the people is not limited to any community in particular; railway employees and officers of all religions, cast and creed come together and celebrate the festival. Children are most excited lot bursting different kinds of crackers. There are also competitions among the residents of home decoration and colorful lights, rangoli, etc.A resident Fauzia Ishrat says, \"Deepawali makes me nostalgic and reminds me of my days spent in the Loco Colony. We children were the most excited as we burst crackers and munched various delicacies prepared during the festival. NCR PRO Amit Malviya, turns reminisces his childhood days spent at the DLW ( Diesel Locomotive Works) in Varanasi and says \"Our railway colony was a true representative of mini India as people from West Bengal , Maharashtra, Punjab, Orrisa and other places lived in our colony. We children assembled in the large playground in front of our houses and got together to burst crackers in the fields. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17205287", "title": "Indigo plane aborts landing at Lucknow airport after detecting UP govt chopper in close range", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a narrow escape, an Indigo plane from Mumbai with over 180 people on board aborted landing at the airport here after its pilot detected a chopper of Uttar Pradesh government in close range, prompting authorities to order an inquiry.The incident was reported on Monday evening as the plane and the chopper were about to land at Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport, a senior airport official said here on Tuesday.\"Both the chopper and the flight were landing when the pilot of the airline decided to abort after he reported that the helicopter was is sight,\" director airport and ATC S C Hota told PTI, adding that pilot \"felt that the helicopter was close\".The Indigo Airbus 320 had 180 people and six infants on board along with eight crew members. Officials did not say who were on board the government chopper.Hota said both the aircraft were following procedure. \"The matter is being investigated,\" the director said. \"It was not a near-miss. The Air Traffic Control told the aircraft pilot to go around,\" airline sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204277", "title": "Painting contest on Children's Day", "text": "On the occasion of 123rd birth anniversary of Pt Jawaharlal Nehru on Novemer 14 which is celebrated as Children's Day, Jawahar Bal Bhawan is organising an on the spot painting competition for children of classes I to XII on Wednesday on the Anand Bhawan Campus. There is no entry fee and the two-hour competition would begin at 9 am. Jawahar Bal Bhawan will provide paper to all the children participating but they will have to bring their own material for painting and drawing board/clipboard, etc. The participating children will be divided into four groups on the basis of their class and will have to make a painting on the theme provided to each group. The prize distribution ceremony would take place on Sunday (November 18) at the Jawahar Bhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201385", "title": "Bengalis all set for Kali puja", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bengali residents are all set to celebrate Kali puja with traditional gaiety on Tuesday. The idols of Goddess Kali are being readied for the puja at Kalibari temple, Sector 47, and Banga Bhawan, Sector 35.A \"maha bhoj\" (community dinner) will be served to devotees on Tuesday night.\"After 15 days of Durga puja and festivities, Kali puja is celebrated across the country. It is usually marked close to midnight, when all get together to pray,\" said Chandan Banerjee, president of Bangiya Sanskritik Sammelan, Sector 35.Banga Bhawan has invited a host of singers and artists for \"Shayama Sangeet\", which is performed prior to the prayer. (Kali puja is also called Shyama puja).All excited, Banerjee said, \"The puja and Diwali double people's excitement. They light up homes and women fast the whole day. They break their fast after offering 'pushpanjali' to Goddess Kali.\"\"Devotees from across the city will come together for Kali puja on Tuesday evening. The goddess in her various forms is worshipped during and after Durga puja,\" Shantanu, general secretary of Kalibari temple, said.Women offer garlands and greet the goddess with flowers to break their fast.On Monday, final touches were being given to the idols of Goddess Kali that will be decorated on Tuesday. Preparations too were being made for \"pandal\" and \"maha bhog\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201449", "title": "Stolen crude oil: Two more godowns found", "text": "JAIPUR: The extent of the oil mafia's network continues to shock the police. A team of Bharatpur police raided several places in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh on Monday and unearthed two more godowns where crude oil allegedly siphoned from the Jamnagar-Mathura IOC pipeline passing through Bharatpur district was being stored, sources said.Accordingly, teams were rushed to Hathin in Haryana and Agra &amp; Mathura in Uttar Pradesh. \"We have recovered some containers from Hathin as well as at a place near Mathura. These godowns were detected on the basis of interrogation of a truck driver and his helper who were arrested on Thursday night,\" said a police officer.The Udhyog Nagar police was conducting a routine check of vehicles on Thursday night when they intercepted a truck carrying nearly 22,000 litres of crude oil worth Rs 15 lakh. The driver and helper were arrested. During interrogation, police came to know that the oil mafia was stealing oil from the pipeline near Rarah and Moroli villages in Bharatpur by digging up a 500-metre long tunnel. The police then raided the Bhankrota-situated godown in Jaipur and seized about 25,000 litres of crude oil. It had also come up during investigation that several factories in Jaipur are under the police scanner for buying crude oil that was siphoned from the Jamnagar-Mathura IOC pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199876", "title": "Cops refuse to file FIR for mangrove destruction", "text": "MUMBAI: The Malwani police have refused to register an FIR on mangroves being destroyed along the Madh-Marve road.\"Instead, they merely gave us an acknowledged copy of our complaint,\" said Nicholas Almeida who, along with a few other people, went to the police station on Saturday.Residents of areas along the Madh-Marve road claimed that road contractors, engaged by the BMC and MMRDA, indiscriminately dumped debris on the mangroves, destroying the green cover.Chief engineer of BMC's roads department G M Agarwal, however, denied the allegation. \"We are seeking permission from the forests department to cut down the mangroves along a certain section of the road so that it could be widened. If the sanction is not granted, we will not widen the road,\" he said. Agarwal added though the contractors had been issued work orders to improve the road as well as to widen it, the latter was yet to start.Residents, however, produced photographs to show how debris had been dumped. Environmentalist Rishi Agarwal said though the Environment Protection Act and a Bombay high court order of 2005 mandate that mangrove areas were protected forest land, the police were usually reluctant to register an FIR. \"In the past seven years, not a single FIR has been filed willingly by the police,\" he said. Advocate Godfrey Pimenta said, \"The October 2005 government notification prohibits any construction within a 50-m radius of mangrove tracks,\" he said.ACP Jaywant Hargude said an inquiry would be held into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17199065", "title": "Athlete Pinki Pramanik declared male, charged with rape", "text": "KOLKATA: After months of speculation over Pinki Pramanik's gender and whether the middle-distance runner was capable of sexual assault, the athlete was on Monday charged with rape. Police filed a chargesheet against the Asian Games gold medal winner on the basis of a DNA test conducted in Hyderabad in June.Pinki was arrested on June 14 on a rape and assault complaint by a live-in partner. It led to three medical tests that failed to establish the athlete's gender or prove conclusively if the accused was capable of rape. Pinki was later released on bail.The athlete has now been charged under sections 376 (rape), 417 (impersonation), 420 (cheating), 325 (assault) and 506 (intimidation), 493 (cohabitation caused by a man deceitfully inducing a belief of a lawful marriage). A medical report submitted by cops in a court after investigation classified Pinki as male.Quoting the test report, additional public prosecutor Shantamoy Bose said Pinki was \"capable of having intercourse as a normal male and had all the facets required for sexual activities.\"Based on the medical test done by a board of doctors at the state-run SSKM hospital in Kolkata, the police filed a chargesheet against Pinki charging the athlete with rape and cheating as well as charges of holding out threats.The live-in partner had alleged that Pinki was a male and had raped her, which led to Pinki's arrest on June 14 and an order for medical examination to confirm the gender was issued. The former middle-distance runner, who won the 4x400 m relay gold in 2006 Doha Asian Games, was freed from jail on July 11 pending disposal of all cases.The athlete's arrest and imprisonment had sparked an outcry over gender discrimination and the manner in which gender tests were conducted.The tainted athlete's lawyer Manab Sanyal said he was yet to go through the chargesheet. \"I will make a comment only after I have seen the charges,\" he said.Experts said they were not surprised by the findings of the chromosome (DNA) test. Pinki's aggression and a tendency to lapse into a fit of rage suggested she suffered from a condition known as Congenital Adrenal Hyperplacia (CAH), they said.Triggered by a secretion of male hormone adrenalin, the condition is classified as a form of Disorder of Sexual Differentiation (DSD) and leads females to develop male physical attributes and behaviour. CAH patients were also likely to suffer from depression or euphoria. DSD is genetic and the first symptoms could be evident in a child as early as three years to four years. Psychological repercussions follow soon since a child needs to have a sexual identity by the time he or she is five years old.\"That is the time when a child has to know its gender. If it can't, then the child starts feeling isolated. It grows with time and could be irreversible by the time it reaches adolescence,\" said medical genetic consultant Kaushik Mondol.CAH patients are generally incapable of normal sexual activity, according to fertility expert Rohit Gutgutiya. \"The clitoris gets enlarged and starts looking like a phallus. But it's not the real male organ and therefore it's difficult for such people to either have a normal sex life or rape a woman,\" said Gutgutiya.Investigators said though they had given Pinki the benefit of doubt initially, during the probe they started suspecting that the allegation could be true. \"Even though the charge seemed fabricated to begin with, the evidence suggested otherwise. The test report has confirmed the fears,\" an investigator said.TIMELINE:June 13: Complaint filedJune 14: Pinki Pramanik arrested onJune 25: DNA test conducted at SSKMJuly 11: Pinki released on bailWhat is CAH?CAH leads a female to develop male features. They have to be administered cortiso-steroid to neutralize the male hormones. Detectable very early, often at birth. Patients tend to have a partially formed vagina, an enlarged phallus and grow facial hair as they reach adolescence. Female reproductive organs, like the uterus, are generally missing. There have been instances of such patients bearing a child, though it is rare, say experts.TreatmentTreatment can take anything between three and six years, depending on the extent of the disorder, say experts. Both androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS) and congenital androgen hyperplacia (CAH) - the two most common disorders of sexual development (DSD) - are curable to the extent that could help a person carry out a normal social life. It can very rarely restore their reproductive abilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "he made his first century at the eden and shares a special bond with bengal. former indian captain and congress mp mohammad azharuddin talks to ct about his future plans after the andhra high court revoked the match-fixing ban on him. excerpts", "code": "17204183", "title": "There is a lot of cricket in me: Mohammad Azharuddin", "text": "He made his first century at the Eden and shares a special bond with Bengal. Former Indian captain and Congress MP Mohammad Azharuddin talks to CT about his future plans after the Andhra high court revoked the match-fixing ban on him. Excerpts:BETTER LATE THAN NEVERIt is difficult for me to express in words how relieved I am after the court verdict. For a cricketer, taking away his game is the end of the road. Par mujhe kisise gila shikwa nahi hai. Mujhe ladai jhagra nahi karna. I'm in a very positive frame of mind right now. Agey nayi zindagi hai, mujhe desh ke liye bahut kuch karna hai.BCCI had given me cricket... it made me what I am. I have no grudges against them. There is a lot of cricket in me. If they consider me for a coach or mentor's role, I'll be more than happy to take it up.LAST 12 YEARS WERE A TESTMy parents and sons have stood by me for the last 12 years. Thousands of people were praying for me. Even when I took up politics, I came across people who loved me for the cricketer I was. It was a bitter fight, but I never gave up. Allah wanted me to see this day. But losing Ayaz was the biggest blow. Losing a young son is something I hope and pray no person has to go through. Apna jawan beta ko khona kya hota hai, yeh shayad hi kisiko malum hoga. But I have coped with it.EDEN AND BENGAL ARE SPECIAL TO MEI have so many good memories of playing in Bengal. My first century was at Eden. I have always been successful at the Eden. Recently I went to Bengal to campaign for Pranabda's son. People there still love me so much. I was really touched.I don't remember the name of the pitch-maker at Eden, but I had given my man of the match money to him. I did it because I felt like doing something for him.LINKUPS DON'T BOTHER METhere are certain aspects of my life I have never spoken about, neither will I do it now. I have never reacted to the negative things that have been said about my personal life. Even when I was linked to a sportsperson I chose not to be bothered by it. Ye sab chalta rehta hai.THE FAMOUS WRIST FLICK IS ALL BUT GONEThere are plenty of promising kids in the game. Now that I have got the chance to pass on my legacy, I will do the best for the next generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201522", "title": "Diwali adds sparkle to foreigners' life too", "text": "JAIPUR: Diwali, it seems, is becoming an intenational festival. foreigners in the state and city are also putting their best foot forward for the festival of lights. They are also showing the same zeal and gusto.Alex Powell, working in a firm at Mahindra World City will be celebrating the festival for the third year consecutively in the city. His wife like any other Indian women is making delicacies and children are busy counting the number of crackers. \"We have been celebrating this festival like any other Indian family for some time. We decorate our house, make rangoli and prepare sweets. My wife wears a sari on this day. It's been quite fun\" said Powell.Similarly, Joe Samuel, a manager at a call center, has participated in all the Diwali events organized at his office. Celebrating his first Diwali he said \"Back home in the US, we do celebrate with our Indian friends, But here the atmosphere is entirely different. The light and sound here is amazing\". He added \"I liked the puja at our office very much\".Similarly, foreign students in Rajasthan University and those who are staying here for short duration to learn Hindi are also enjoying the festival. Natela who hails from Spain admits that it has been bit loud with people all around but finding it enjoyable. \"Back at our home the festivals are quite affairs. But it was delight to see that people in India celebrate it as community\"The market association and hotels have also made arrangements for the foreigners visiting the city during Diwali festival. The lighting in walled city remains a major attraction but shopping festival has also been major hit among the foreign tourists. Some of the hotels will ferry the tourists on Tuesday through out the city. \"We will have special fireworks at our terrace. Also we will be taking a troop from Korea around the city just to give them a feels of the festival\" said Captain Mahendra Singh , manager at private hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17207232", "title": "Type 2 Diabetes is a Lifestyle Disease and can be Reversed", "text": "MUMBAI: As a message for November 14, World Diabetes Day, SHARAN (Sanctuary for Health and Reconnection to Animals and Nature) whose vision is a Diabetes Free India, wants diabetics to know that they need not lose hope. The number of diabetics in India is exponentially increasing but this trend can be reversed as quickly if people were taught simple dietary guidelines and cooking techniques.Those suffering from Type 2 Diabetes can especially benefit. According to Research studies conducted by PCRM (Physicians committee for Responsible Medicine), the cause of diabetes is the increased fat content in our diets. Foods rich in fats are packaged and processed foods, all animal products - meat, fish, poultry and dairy, and fried foods and foods cooked in oil. To reverse the trend, we need to consume more whole plant based foods.Diets rich in vegetables, beans, fruits and whole grains will reverse the trend. The cost of diabetes in terms of medicinal expenses, morbidity and mortality are extremely high. In order to reach its goal of a Diabetes Free India SHARAN will hold talks and seminars in major cities in India throughout 2012 and 2013 about how to change the dietary habits and how to cook in a healthy way. SHARAN will also hold its 21-day residential diabetes reversal program in June 2013 where people will experience the reversal on the spot. Each person should have the information so that they can make the choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17206992", "title": "Sikkim United sack Phillipe de Ridder, Bhaichung Bhutia is interim coach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India football captain Bhaichung Bhutia has taken over as interim coach of Sikkim United while Phillipe de Ridder has been discharged of any team-related activity after the club's 1-10 thrashing at the hands of Prayag United in their last I-League match.Bhaichung, the co-owner and Chief Executive Officer of the club, today took charge of the United Sikkim squad, which is presently in Kolkata.\"Chief coach Phillipe De Ridder is re-designated as the football director of United Sikkim FC from today (November 13, 2012). He will be henceforth handling administrative aspects of the club. He is no longer in-charge of the team or any of player related responsibilities,\" the club said on its Facebook page.\"United Sikkim CEO Bhaichung Bhutia would be acting as an interim coach till a right person is available with the club to undertake such responsibility,\" it said.Assistant coach Syed Altaf Fudden Ahmed has also been discharged from his duties.Sikkim United suffered the drubbing in a fifth round encounter in Kolkata on November 10 and Bhaichung, who did not play in that match due to suspension, had termed the defeat \"disgraceful\" and \"humiliating\".The Sikkim United squad will have practice at East Bengal ground for two days before flying to Goa on November 15 to play their I-League round six match against Sporting Clube-de-Goa on November 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203591", "title": "Blood bank bypasses mandatory malaria test", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The model blood bank at Capital Hospital was caught evading the mandatory malaria test in collected blood even though Odisha is a malaria-prone state.Taking a serious view of the negligence, the directorate of drug control administration (DDCA) cancelled the blood bank's licence for a day recently and issued warning to strictly comply with norms. \"We had earlier issued a show-cause notice. After going through it, we cancelled the bank's licence for a day,\" drugs controller Dr H K Mohapatra said. The blood bank, which is being managed by the state branch of the Indian Red Cross, is the only model blood bank in the state.Dr Mohapatra, however, clarified that it would be wrong to say the blood bank was not conducting malaria test on any blood. While the blood bank had conducted malaria tests on some blood packets, it had ignored doing the same in others. \"This is a serious lapse. It is not only ethical but also illegal. We will take up the matter in the next managing committee meeting of the Red Cross,\" said Red Cross state honorary secretary Dr Mangala Mohanty.As per the prevailing system, five tests are mandatory on blood before transfusion: Malaria, HIV, Hepatitis B , Hepatitis C and Syphilis, the diseases transmitted through blood. Sources said the blood banks generally tend to ignore malaria tests in some cases because it is curable even if transmitted and will not be known if someone gets the parasite through transfusion route. However, burden of malaria is huge in Odisha. The parasitic fever killed 42 persons and has affected over 1.56 lakh people in the state so far this year, figures compiled by National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme said.Capital Hospital Blood Bank authorities downplayed the development. \"How can we not conduct any mandatory test? It was actually a communication gap. We will raise the issue of DDCA's action with the appropriate authorities soon,\" said Capital Blood Bank officer Dr Debasish Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201932", "title": "NMC's Diwali gift: Insurance policy for girl child", "text": "NAGPUR: In a Diwali gift to girls in families living below poverty line (BPL), Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee has approved an insurance policy for all girls born after June 6, 2012. The beneficiary girl child will get Rs 1.24 lakh on attaining the age of 21, without any investment from her or the family. NMC has decided to implement this scheme through the trusted Life Insurance Corporation (LIC).The ambitious project has been planned by chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari on the line of schemes in MP, Rajasthan, Haryana etc. However, NMC is the first civic body to implement the scheme on its own. Most such schemes are funded by either the state government or the centre.Explaining the scheme announced during the budget presentation, Tiwari said it not only gives financial help to the girl child but also aims to reduce female foeticide cases. \"Provision of Rs 1 crore has already been made in the annual budget for the scheme. All girls born after June 6, 2012, will be registered under the scheme within one year of birth. NMC will pay annual premium of Rs 2,258 per child. The beneficiary girl child will get Rs 1,24,500 at the age of 21. The family will get Rs 50,000 in case of the death of the beneficiary child, if she is over 7 years old,\" he said.Vowing to bring as many girls as possible under the scheme, Tiwari said that all departments related to the scheme have been directed to collect data on all girls. \"Wide publicity will be given to the scheme by displaying banners etc at hospitals. Corporators too will be asked to ensure all girls from their ward are registered. Every effort will be taken to benefit all girls,\" he said while releasing a poem on saving the girl child.There were 15 other proposals before the standing committee and Tiwari said the panel was not at all satisfied with the water works department's explanation related to hike in water tariff. \"The department has just compared the water tariff of the city to a few selected towns getting water from Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran. It's too late to go into the details, so the proposal has been forwarded to the general body,\" he said.Asked about bids received much below than estimated cost of road repair works, Tiwari said municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has directed officials to collect 25% security deposit from such contractors. \"Contractors will be given back the amount only after defect liability period of two years ends, and the quality and quantity of works has been proven.\"The standing committee also passed a proposal related to new administrative building and set the completion target as June 2013. Besides, the committee also appointed a three-member panel to make a list of seized goods and price index for auction.The proposal for construction of new bridge on Nag river at Juni Shukrawari was also approved in the meeting. The proposal had been pending for over 14 years. \"BJP national president Nitin Gadkari had performed the bhoomipujan of the proposed work during his tenure as guardian minister between 1995-99,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow ", "code": "17202234", "title": "Court takes cognizance of Laccfed scam chargesheet", "text": "LUCKNOW : Sessions Judge K K Sharma on Monday took cognizance of the offences mentioned in the charge-sheet filed by the Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the cooperative cell of Uttar Pradesh police in connection with the multi-crore Labour and Construction Cooperative Federation (Laccfed) scam. The chargesheet has been filed against former minister Badshah Singh and seven others.The judge perused the case diary and considered the material collected by the investigating officer during the probe. He said that the material prima facie disclosed offences against the accused under sections of Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act. The accused have been summoned on December 7 for framing of charges.Apart from Singh, the charge-sheet has also been filed against Govind Saran Srivastava, Anil Kumar Agarwal, Ajay Kumar Dohre, Praveen Kumar Singh, Dinesh Kumar Sahu, Pankaj Tripathi and Sanjay Kumar under Sections 420, 409, 467, 468, 471 and 120 (B) of IPC and under offences relating to prevention of corruption act. The sessions judge is slated to hear Badshah Singh's bail plea on Thursday.As many as 11 ministers in the previous Mayawati regime have been allegedly found to be involved in the scam. The SIB has interrogated several former ministers. Non bailable warrant has been issued against two who did not turn up for interrogation.The SIB is investigating alleged misappropriation of over Rs 400 crore from government funds meant for the Laccfed to construct mortuaries, polytechnic buildings, hospitals, hostels, employment exchanges, veterinary hospitals and court rooms among other things in 2010-2011.Former ministers under scanner are: Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Swami Prasad Maurya, Lakshmi Narayan, Sadal Prasad, Anees Ahmad, Nand Gopal Gupta, Babu Singh Kushwaha , Chandradeo Ram Yadav, Awadhpal Singh Yadav, Rangnath Mishra and Badshah Singh. Charges against them include kickbacks for allocating various projects to the cooperative federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17201088", "title": "Teacher knocks HC doors for promotion", "text": "MADURAI: A woman teacher of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment (HR&CE;) department-run primary school, filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking its direction to consider her name for being promoted as headmistress (HM) of that school.In her petition, the teacher, R Muthurani contended that the post of the Swami Nellaiyappar Anbu Ashramam Primary School became vacant on May 31, 2012 after the retirement of the then headmaster.A notice for the school committee meeting was issued on September 18 to select a HM for which two teachers, A C P Parvathy and the petitioner applied. The committee meeting that took place on September 20 passed a resolution by selecting her opponent Parvathy. Now, the resolution is on the table of the district elementary education officer, according to the petitioner.The petitioner alleged that Parvathy was subjected to disciplinary action several times and multifarious complaints were lodged against her opponent on behalf of the students, parents and her colleagues in the past.Besides, the selected teacher was one among the participants who attended the school committee meeting. She attended the meeting in the capacity of a member of the committee, the petitioner alleged.Hence, the petitioner sought the court's direction to quash the resolution and to consider her name for promotion.The petition came up for admission before the high court, which ordered to issue notice to the authorities.The petitioner alleged that Parvathy was subjected to disciplinary action several times and multifarious complaints were lodged against her opponent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201919", "title": "Archaeology officials pull down remaining part of Nagardhan Fort wall", "text": "NAGPUR: The Mumbai-based State Archaeology and Museums Directorate is well known for its apathy towards historic structures, but this attitude touched nadir in the case of Nagardhan Fort. TOI has written how negligence of officials led to the collapse of a wall on the fort's western side. However, instead of repairing it, city-based archaeology officials pulled down the remaining structure, including petals on the top, with the help of a bulldozer, archaeology experts told TOI.The pictures taken by TOI and recent ones clicked by experts clearly reveal how officials razed the entire structure above the wall that caved in on October 7.Experts said on condition of anonymity that historic structures with heritage value can't be pulled down like this. \"The archaeology department officials have clearly flouted norms of conserving structures which depict India's rich cultural heritage,\" they said.Director of state archaeology and museums directorate Sanjay Patil expressed concern over the development, and said he will visit the Ramtek-based fort before the winter session of state's legislature commencing on December 11. \"I will conduct an enquiry if need be. But from Mumbai I can't comment on what exactly happened there. I have to get details from my officials in Nagpur,\" he told TOI.He, however, added that for preserving such old structures, lime mortar needs to be used. \"Only in exceptional cases is use of cement permitted in conservation work,\" he said.Assistant director of archaeology in city Madhukar Kathane justified their actions, saying the remaining part of the wall was precariously hanging and on the verge of falling. \"The petals were hanging after the lower portion caved in. It had become dangerous even for our workers. To prevent any untoward incident, we had to pull it down. There was nothing illegal in it,\" he said.He clarified that even the earlier construction was not part of the original fort, but made sometime in the 1980s. \"I don't know when exactly it was constructed. But pulling down a recently constructed structure doesn't amount to illegality. Restoration work is going on a war footing,\" he said.Amit Khot, who has filed many public interests litigations, had even dispatched a letter to principal secretary of cultural affairs ministry, asking him to initiate a high level probe into the alleged massive corruption by archaeology officials. He said that the government released funds for maintenance and preservation of such heritage structures, but most of it went into the pockets of officials and private contractors. He also alleged that contractors use substandard material, resulting in such collapses.After TOI's report on the fort wall caving in, Maharashtra minister for cultural affairs Sanjay Deotale had expressed concern over sorry state of affairs and said he will visit the site after Diwali.The Wakatak era fort is believed to have been built between 300 and 400BC by Gond kings, but during the reign of Bhonsalas, it was renovated on regular basis, till about 300-400 years back. Over the years, the fort, which was once a happening place, has become a picture of neglect even though it is protected under the Maharashtra Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 1960.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17200733", "title": "Chargesheet filed in Reebok India case, one accused freed", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team (SIT) of Gurgaon police filed a 2,500-page chargesheet in the Reebok India case in a city court on Monday, weeks after the scam broke out.However, the court dropped all charges against Nikhil Upadhay, one of the 12 accused, as no evidence was found to prove any of the allegations. After getting a clean chit, accused Nikhil Upadhay was released from jail, free to celebrate Diwali with his family while 11 other accused remained in judicial custody.The next hearing in the case will be on November 26. \"Nikhil Upadhay, who was working as country head (Sales) had moved an application claiming some time ago that he had no role in the alleged scam. On Monday the court heard the application and freed him,\" advocate Pradeep Sharma, counsel of Upadhay, told TOI.After initially arresting five main accused, the SIT probing the alleged Reebok scam had arrested seven more people, bringing the total arrests to 12.Police officers said that they had filed a 2,500-page chargesheet in a local court describing how the alleged scam was planned and executed. \"We have filed the chargesheet in the JMIC Sandeep Yadav's court and are conducting the necessary investigations,\" a senior police officer of the SIT said.The complaint of the alleged fraud was lodged at the Sector 40 police station by Shahin Padath, who is the director (finance) of the company. The FIR had mentioned that the complaint was being lodged on behalf of the company and that hundreds of crores were siphoned off by the duo (Shubhiner and Vishnu) through fraudulent manipulations.The FIR mentioned that the two had \"stolen\" products by setting up \"secret warehouses\", fudged accounts and indulged in fictitious sales. Prem and Bhagat, which the FIR maintains - whose services have since been terminated, had set up four secret warehouses. At that time police had registered a case under certain sections but later they removed two sections (467 and 468) from the FIR.After lodging the FIR against the Prem and Bhagat, police constituted the SIT to probe the scam with the help of two chartered accountants, one of Reebok and the other one hired by Gurgaon police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17205688", "title": "Rahul Dravid wants Duncan Fletcher to be given more power in selection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former captain Rahul Dravid believes that Duncan Fletcher has a lot to offer in Indian cricket and said the Zimbabwean should be given more power in team selection to prosper as coach.\"Duncan has a lot of strength as a coach. He connects well with a lot of players and works quite well with them. But, in some ways, the scope or power that he has to make decisions or to make selections has been a little limited,\" he said.\"Some of these people (coaches) do have the maturity to be able to understand that when players come to them with a problem, they don't necessarily use that as a way to drop someone.But also the coach sees players from such close quarters, he understands players. So I think he (Fletcher) must have a say (in selection),\" Dravid said. Dravid called for giving more power to Fletcher and making him accountable.\"You want to give people powers and you want to hold them accountable, especially when you have senior, knowledgeable people like Duncan,\" he said.\"I think his reputation is on the line as well. I think, knowing someone like him, he would want to get more involved and have a say in where his own career and his own reputation is headed,\" he added.The former skipper, however, feels that in the last three-four years, the role of coach in team selection has diminished.\"I remember John Wright or Greg Chappell consistently attending selection committee meetings, watching domestic matches. I think over the last three-four years we've seen that coaches have taken a slightly more detached, or slightly more backward, role to our selections. I don't think Gary watched a lot of domestic cricket. Duncan has not really done that as well,\" said Dravid.Dravid said Fletcher's knowledge would be of immense help to find a middle-order batsman for India after his and VVS Laxman's retirement.\"He's seen a lot of players ... who's a better middle-order player among Manoj Tiwary, an Ajinkya Rahane or a Shikhar Dhawan or Murali Vijay? At least, to have an opinion, an informed opinion by actually coming and watching some games.The fact that he didn't come and didn't attend the selection committee meeting tells you that maybe that's not in his scope of work, he doesn't have those powers,\" he said.India's twin Test whitewash in England and Australia prompted Fletcher to put greater emphasis on fitness and Dravid hoped that it would be reflected in the upcoming England series starting in Ahmedabad on November 15.\"Definitely after the loss, he has put a lot of emphasis on the fitness and certain disciplines of the players and knowing and talking to maybe some of them.Over the last few months, there has been a little bit more focus on fitness and disciplines and the basics in skill levels of some players. Hopefully we'll see some of that in these Test series.\"Dravid also praised Fletcher's knowledge and tactical acumen and said the Zimbabwean has a good relation with the players in the team.\"I think, Duncan has a lot to offer in terms of a coach, in terms of the tactics, his knowledge of the game, he works well in that area, he works quite closely with a lot of players... I think the relationship is good within the team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202131", "title": "'Practical' problems in seizing crackers", "text": "LUCKNOW: If the drive by UP Pollution Control Board against the booming crackers is anything to go by, fire-cracker manufacturers in city are adhering to the norms.PCB officials in last three days of the drive against 'booming' crackers have not been able to find even a single cracker which is beyond the decibel-norms.As per the norms, crackers should not cross 125 decibel noise level. And, those which make a noise louder than the permissible limit are considered harmful for human health and should not be sold.The crackers shops, which have mushroomed all over the city are full of unbranded crackers. However, PCB officials have not been able to reach them.PCB officials cite \"practical\" problems as the reason for failure to seize unbranded stock. The presence of police during the drive alerts cracker sellers and manufacturers and the un-branded stock could not be seized, said SK Misra, in-charge, regional office, PCB, Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17204370", "title": "3 girls killed in road accidents", "text": "BAHRAICH: Three schoolgirls were killed in separate road accidents in the district, police said today. Two girls on their way to school came under the wheels of a truck and died on the spot. The truck driver fled from the scene by the time local police reached the spot. Police said Suneeta (8) daughter of Sudheer Kumar resident of Bhayapurwa under Payagpur police station and Mahima (6) daughter of Salik Ram of the same village were on their way to the school on a bicycle. They spotted a truck coming from behind and lost their balance and came under the wheels. Both girls died on the spot and the truck driver fled. The police reached the spot and sent the bodies for post mortem. Usha (5) was injured fatally when she was hit by a motorcycle in Chandpara village under Hardi police station area, police said, adding, she succumbed to injuries in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205891", "title": "Sambavar society bats for Natarajan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The governor and the state government bypassed existing rules to suspend information commissioner K Natarajan without a proper inquiry, Kerala Sambavan Society (KSS) alleged here on Monday.The general secretary of the KSS, I Babu Kunnathur said, quoting rules that the governor could order the removal of a state chief information commissioner, or state information commissioner, on the ground of misbehavior or incapacity, if proven in a Supreme Court inquiry.In the case of Natarajan, the Supreme Court had not conducted an inquiry, nor the supreme legal body recommended action against the officer, he said.According to rules, the governor can remove a state chief information commissioner or information commissioner if he/she could not perform his/her duties, or was convicted in an offence of amoral nature.The official could also be ousted in case of accepting any paid employment outside the office, or has any financial or other interest, which would likely affect the functions of the state chief information commissioner or information commissioner. \"No such allegation has been proved against Natarajan. He was suspended only because he belonged to a scheduled caste community,\" alleged Babu.He claimed the government had failed in providing any scientific evidence against Natarajan, accused of interfering in a probe into the alleged gifting of government land to a relative of opposition leader VS Achuthanandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200431", "title": "Traffic goes into a tailspin on Diwali eve", "text": "NEW DELHI: Major traffic snarls were reported in the capital due to last-minute Diwali rush. It was virtually impossible to enter any of the major markets as vehicles blocked both the entry and exit. Breakdown of vehicles on several stretches didn't help matters.\"While vehicle breakdowns were reported at the Azad Market chowk, Ghazipur, ITO and Janakpuri, a vehicle caught fire at Dabri Mor, worsening the jams,\" said a senior traffic police officer. Tailbacks were reported along arterial roads, including Ring Road, Outer Ring Road, Vikas Marg, Mathura Road, Aurobindo Road, Bhishma Pitamah Marg, NH-24 and ITO.Stretches between Ghazipur and Anand Vihar, Mukarba Chowk and Rohini, Janakpuri and Pankha road, ITO and Tilak Marg remained choked, said cops.Sarojini Nagar, Karol Bagh, Chandni Chowk, Sadar Bazar, Rajouri Garden, South Extension and Lajpat Nagar proved to be a nightmare for commuters, who either turned back without gaining entry to the areas or remained stuck inside the market for hours due to heavy congestion on all surrounding roads. A large number of cars were found illegally parked opposite the Lodhi cemetery on Mathura Road, which triggered jams up to Moolchand in the afternoon, said commuters. \"There was absolutely no parking available in most marketplaces. Public transport is a much better option due to shortage of parking space. We have issued many challans for illegal parking, especially near Diwali melas,\" said the traffic cop.The situation was equally bad in Noida and other surrounding areas. Though traffic police worked overtime, especially in market areas, snarls marred Diwali festivities in Noida.The district administration has set up a control room to deal with medical and burn emergencies. Traffic policemen and several home guards have been deputed across the city.\"Our officers are out on the roads to streamline traffic movement,\" said M P Singh, superintendent of police (traffic), adding that they had requested market associations to pitch in. \"Cranes have been deputed to tow away vehicles parked wrongly,\" Singh said. \"People park their vehicles on the roadside. This slows down traffic and people tend to blame police. We have limited resources,\" Singh said.The Noida police have been put on high alert. Extra cops have been deployed to keep an eye out for anything fishy. Women cops will patrol unsafe areas to prevent eve-teasing.The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration will also been on high alert. According to the additional district magistrate, several beds have been set aside for patients to deal with emergencies. \"A special team of doctors is on standby to deal with any medical emergencies,\" said the ADM.A control room has also been set up at the district hospital in Sector 30. \"In case of burns or any other medical emergency, people can call at 0120-3450154 or 9582793059 for immediate help,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205859", "title": "Jeevan TV in revamp mode, expels bishops", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An extraordinary general body meeting of Jeevan TV's shareholders decided to expel two bishops - Mar Andrews Thazhath and Mar Jacob Thoomkuzhy - from the posts of chairman and director, respectively.According to official sources, 99% of the shareholders voted against the bishops here on Monday. The shareholders voted against the prelates to revamp the TV channel, and make it into the list of profit-making channels, said Baby Mathew Somatheeram, the managing director of Jeevan TV.Meanwhile, Save Jeevan TV Forum, an association formed by a section of shareholders, alleged the bishops were expelled in violation of the firm's bylaws.\"According to the Section 108 of the bylaw, the chairman of the TV channel will always be the Archbishop of Thrissur. A section of the shareholders wants to hijack the channel, which was started by the Catholic Church. They took the decision when the munsiff courts in Ernakulam and Thrissur had directed against taking any decision to remove the bishops till the next hearing,\" said Adv Biju Kundukulam, an office bearer of the Forum.However, Baby Mathew refuted the Forum's claim. He said the decision to expel the bishops from their posts would be implemented only after hearing scheduled on November 14.Meanwhile, director board members claimed both the bishops held no stakes in Jeevan TV, a public limited company.\"In fact, the bishops are just trustees of Matha Jeevan Trust and Jeevan Charitable Trust that own just 13.5% of the total shares of the company. The claim that the channel stands for religion is wrong, as it was registered to broadcast news, current affairs and entertainment,\" said a director board member.The Forum members also announced that they would move the court against the director board after a shareholders' meet to be held in Thrissur in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204107", "title": "Congress to go it alone in panchayat polls", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ruling Congress party would fight the upcoming panchayat polls in Assam on its own and is confident of a good performance.Speaking with reporters after a meeting of coordination committee of the party at his official residence here on Monday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi also targeted the opposition parties.\"Till now we do not see any possibility of an alliance. We will fight the panchayat polls on our own,\" Gogoi said.The panchayat elections are slated for January 2013 and all parties have started preparations for it. \"In today's meeting we discussed on ways to further strengthen our party in the state and formulate our strategy for the panchayat polls. We also talked about steps to be taken to fight the disinformation campaign launched by the opposition against us,\" Gogoi said.The chief minister refuted the opposition's charge of corruption and said while he accepted that the problem existed, it was \"much less than during the days of the Asom Gana Parishad regime.\" During the meeting, the party decided to organise a mass rally at Guwahati on November 25 for sounding the bugle for the polls.Besides senior party leaders, the meeting was also attended by ministers and Congress legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203818", "title": "Sun set to power governor's house", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Raj Bhawan in Bhubaneswar is all set to make a green statement by embracing solar power, which is regarded as one of the most non-polluting sources of energy.Officials said a 30 kilowatt solar power plant will be set up on the premises of the governor's house at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore by the Odisha Renewable Energy Development Agency (OREDA). \"Raj Bhawan was covered under the central government's Special Area Demonstration Programme. Majority of the project has been completed and the solar power plant is likely to be commissioned by this December,\" said OREDA chief executive Anirudh Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201887", "title": "Two held for bid to steal bangles on Bus Rapid Transit System bus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Passengers on a BRTS bus caught two youths when they tried to steal gold bangles from a senior citizen on Sunday evening. The duo came to the city specially to carry out thefts, said investigators.According toManinagar police, Nirmala Patel, 76, a resident of Maninagar, had gone to a private hospital in Ghatlodia to see a relative on Sunday. She was accompanied by her daughter-in-law. The duo had taken a bus from Maninagar to Ghatlodia and were returning at 6.30 pm.\"When they reached Swaminarayan Temple in Maninagar, Patel felt somebody trying to remove her bangles out. She held the hand and started shouting for help. As the bus reached the bus stand, the youths tried to flee.\"The duo was, however, were caught and beaten up by members of the public,\" said a Maninagar police official. Patel's grandson Chintan Patel filed a complaint for the theft attempt with Maninagar police.Investigators said the duo was identified as Vinu Nayak and Deepak Chikhaliya, residents of Mehmdabad in Kheda district. \"They used to visit Ahmedabad to steal and generally targeted wallets and purses,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200137", "title": "Ozar panchayat urges change in highway plan", "text": "NASHIK: In what may turn out to be a stumbling block for ongoing road widening work on the Mumbai-Agra national highway between Pimpalgaon and Gonde, the Ozar gram panchayat has sent a letter to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) urging the construction a flyover near the village, instead of two subways that had been originally planned.Ozar is located about 20 km from Nashik city. The panchayat has appealed to the NHAI to construct a flyover between Saikheda Chowphuly and Gadakh Corner instead of building underpasses on the stretch. Incidentally, the work on the road-widening is nearing completion, with the exception of a few patches.The panchayat, in its letter, said that the population of Ozar is on the rise due to continual development. As a result there is now a steady flow of students, farmers and workers from one side of the carriage way to the other.The panchayat added that since the two subways would be utilized by motorists, it would be difficult for pedestrians to cross the highway. Citing concerns over growing incidences of accidents, the panchayat has demanded a two-lane service road on either side of the highway on the seven-km stretch from Air Force Corner to Ambehill, a pedestrian bridge on Banganga river and a flyover as against the previously sanctioned underpass.NHAI officials said the letter had been forwarded to higher authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199766", "title": "BMC, govt in Middle Vaitarna hydel plant tussle", "text": "MUMBAI: A hydroelectric power project planned at the site of the under-construction Middle Vaitarna dam has become the bone of contention between the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the state government.The BMC, which is building the dam, has built the basic infrastructure for the project based on what a senior civic official said was an 'in-principle' approval from the state government at the time to set up the power project. However, it was informed towards the end of 2011 that the contract for the power project had already been awarded to a private player. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has now written to the state government asking it to let the BMC execute the project and enquiring about the funds the civic body has already spent.A feasibility study for the dam and the associated hydroelectric power plant was initially conducted in 2006 by a BMC-appointed consultant, who had recommended installation of three turbines, each with the capacity of 10MW, for power generation.Late in 2009, the state government asked the BMC to do a techno-feasibility study for the power project. The BMC also invested Rs 10 crore to set up basic infrastructure of the power plant while building the dam. But even before the BMC submitted its report in June 2010, the government gave the contract to a private player.In late 2011, the state irrigation department rejected the BMC's proposal to allow it to construct the power project saying power generation was not in its ambit and it should stick to construction of the dam only.However, the BMC feels since it has already built basic infrastructure for the power project, there was no need to give it to another party. \"Basic infrastructure for the power plant had to be constructed while building the dam and couldn't have been done after a certain portion was built. Consequently, we built supporting infrastructure for the power plant,\" said a senior civic official.\"We will meet the chief minister asking him to let the BMC execute the power plant project,\" said Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman, adding, \"The state government arbitrarily awarded the project without inviting tenders.\" The government has said the BMC quoted a higher cost for the project compared to that quoted by the contractor. \"There is a cost difference as the technology being used is different,\" argued Shewale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199600", "title": "Rakhi Sawant complains to police about Digvijaya Singh's remark", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Rakhi Sawant on Monday submitted a written complaint to the Goregaon police against Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh after he compared her with anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal .The Goregaon police said Sawant approached them around 7pm with the application. She also submitted copies of the application to the commissioner of police, zonal deputy police commissioner and the home minister.\"We have recorded Sawant's statement. She stated that Singh has defamed her and outraged her modesty by passing comments about her in the media,\" a senior police official said.\"We have not registered a formal complaint in the matter and will do so only after seeking a legal opinion. Sawant's lawyer has suggested certain provisions of the Indian Penal Code that Singh should be booked under such as Section 354 for molestation, 427 for mischief, 500 for defamation and 501 for attempt to commit offences punishable with life or other imprisonment. But we will not register a case in haste, until an expert's opinion is taken,\" the police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17206077", "title": "Vrajesh's Saam Daam Dand Bhed in Bigg Boss", "text": "It's Diwali time and Bigg Boss starts the day with one of the most energetic songs Dekha Jo tujhe Yaar Dil mein Baji Guitar to set the crackling mood on fire.As usual Rajiv is seen getting touchy feely with Aashka which irritates Delnaz and she looks completely annoyed and tells him to stop all this gibberish.The usual household activities once again strain the atmosphere in the house amongst the inmates. This time it's regarding cleaning utensils.Urvashi and Niketan have a small discussion over Rajeev and Vishal not washing their utensils properly but eventually Niketan manages to explain Vishal and Rajiv and sort it out.Sapna is seen discussing about the wild card entries' behavior with others. She says while Vishal is treading a straight path, Mink seems to be going the snake and ladder way by taking a haphazard trail. Other housemates also seem to be displeased with Mink's negative attitude especially Sana and Rajeev. They discuss about Mink's arrogance and downbeat conduct with them.A diwali special task is announced by Bigg Boss which requires the housemates to be divided into two teams and paint 1200 Diyas within the given deadline. Vrajesh is infuriated and cribs about the task lasting for 48 hours making all of them sleep deprived. Other housemates doubt Vrajesh for faking this anger to complete some secret task given by Bigg Boss. While all these speculations are going on in housemates' minds Vrajesh is seen talking to one of the cameras confessing how he was playing a cheap trick so that he doesn't have to participate in the task at night. Vishal is seen telling Vrijesh about winning the task by Saam daam dand bhed which Vrijesh agrees to it and and steals one full tray of Diyas from the opposite team in their absence.Eventually Vrijesh manages to get away with the task and gets his share of beauty sleep and the day ends with the beautifully painted diyas spreading light welcoming the Big day of Diwali in the Bigg Boss house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201521", "title": "Get a 'facelift' this season", "text": "JAIPUR: Saloons, Spas and beauty parlours in the city are drawing hordes of poeple who are spending thousands to look good for Diwali. These beauty centers are running round the clock services offering several packages meeting requirements of age group customers. The craze among youngster is evident from the jam packed saloons across the city.Tejpal Sen, owner of Genext Saloon at Raja Park has taken just a six hour break in the last 24 hours and is struggling hard to accommodate his hordes of customers. His five-seater saloon is bursting to its seams. \"This is time when we do brisk business. Children, young and old all have different needs and are ready to splurge,\" added Sen.People, especially youngsters are ready to spend between anything between Rs 100 and Rs 500 for different services including haircut, massage, facial, bleach etc. The spa centers and unisex saloons in posh localities are running Diwali packages upto Rs 5000. Young girls are women are way ahead than their male counterparts when it comes to beauty services.\"Girls and newly married women go for services like body polish, massage, body spa, threading, manicure, pedicure and body clean-up which are generally meant for bridal make-up,\" said Parul Kumari, owner of Bani Thani in Vaishali Nagar. Even the sale of beauty products is skyrocketing as stores selling products like gels, serums, compact powder, mascara, eyeliners, lipsticks, lip glows, eye shadow etc.Another sector which has had a great time is hospitality sector. The city based hotels and restaurants have organized Diwali theme based decoration and buffets. Piyush Sharma of Noman Traveller said that during this period city hotels doesn't attract domestic clientele but restaurants does a brisk business. \"It is almost becoming a trend that a family which goes out on Diwali eats outside. And, those eateries which are decorated tends to attract more customers,\" said Piyush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203704", "title": "Snag at OPGC unit affects power supply", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha's power crisis deepened after non-generation at a unit of Odisha Power Generation Corporation (OPGC) in Jharsuguda district entered its third day on Monday.The 210-MW Unit II of the IB Thermal Power Station has been non-functional since Saturday evening due to leakage in the boiler tube, an OPGC spokesperson said. OPGC engineers are working to restore power generation. The unit is likely to be synchronized by Monday night, the spokesperson said.The public sector undertaking has two thermal power units with a capacity of 210 mw each in the district.Power utilities in Odisha produce 2,400 MW as against the state's daily requirement of around 3,000 mw. Total power generated by OPGC goes to Gridco for state transmission utility. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202221", "title": "BJP flays deployment ofnon-police staff for security", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Monday flayed the Samajwadi Party government for deploying non-police officials to assist the police in maintaining law and order during Diwali.BJP spokesman Hridya Narain Dixit alleged that it was surprising that the state government, which has failed to maintain law and order, is worried about security during Diwali. He said maintaining vigil during festivals is always welcomed but deploying employees of irrigation, education and other departments was not only strange but also deserves condemnation.It is for the first time that such a decision has been taken in the state, Dixit said, and added that paramilitary forces have also been deployed for Diwali even when the festival is celebrated in individual houses and not in groups.Dixit said there has been a long tradition of communal harmony in the state during festivals. All communities respect festivals, but the government is bent on vitiating the atmosphere. Common man has lost faith in the state government, he said, and added that the government doesn't have trust in its police and administrative officials. He alleged that policy of the state government has not been people-friendly, instead it has been continuously communally biased. It is because of this that the state government is worried during festival like Diwali, BJP spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200125", "title": "Dacoity foiled: Police nab 4 of gang, 3 flee", "text": "NASHIK: The Upnagar police arrested four persons on Monday, including an ex-serviceman, who were planning an armed dacoity at two places in the Nashik Road and Upnagar areas on Tuesday.The accused have been identified as Shivmilan Ramrajya Singh (37), of Anand Nagar, Nashik Road, Munna Irfan Sayyad (23), of Jagtap Mala, Nashik Road, Shrikant Sunil Sathe (24), of Bhagur Road, Deolali Camp and Siddhant Satish Chavan (21) of Tagore Nagar, Nashik-Pune Road.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that the Upnagar cops got a tip -ff that seven persons from the Nashik Road area, were preparing for an armed dacoity at an unidentified location. The informer requested the police to rush to a location on Nashik Road, where the dacoity was being planned.Upnagar cops and crime branch sleuths rushed to Boyd Care gymnasium on Nashik Road, which Sarangal said was owned by Singh, a former serviceman. The gang was reportedly operating from the gym. Police nabbed the gang around 9.30 am. While four of the gang members were arrested, three persons fled the scene.Among the arms seized were two pistols, one of which was countrymade, four live cartridges and a chopper. The accused told cops that a multi-utility vehicle owned by them was parked at the gymnasium. Cops found two cricket stumps and a hockey stick inside the vehicle.An offence under section 399 of the Indian Penal Code (preparing for dacoity) and other offences pertaining to the Arms Act have been registered against the four accused.A manhunt has been launched for the three gang members who fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201648", "title": "Priest arrested for outraging modesty of minor girl", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police have arrested a temple priest for allegedly outraging the modesty of a 6-year-old girl. The priest used to display licentious behaviour in front of the girl whenever she used to visit the temple situated in the Brahmpuri area.According to the police, the girl, who stays at Indira colony in Brahmpuri area, was a regular to the nearby temple Hanuman temple. For the past few days, the priest, Sohan Lal (35), was showing vulgar gestures in front of the girl. He took the girl inside the temple on the pretext of some puja and molested her Saturday. The victim's mother said in a complaint that the priest forcibly kissed the girl.\"After the official complaint given by the mother, we arrested the accused for allegedly outraging the modesty of the girl. A case under Section 354 (outraging modesty) has also been lodged against him,\" said Ashok Chauhan, circle inspector, Brahmpuri police station.Officers added that the priest was known to the victim's family.After the arrest, the police was trying to find out if there were other complaints against the priest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199209", "title": "Spin trio can reprise 1993 result: Ajit Wadekar", "text": "MUMBAI: England, no doubt, have fared very poorly on Indian soil over the last 17 years. England last won a Test series in India in 1984-85. They are on these shores once again chasing history, but the four-Test series starting on Thursday will once again bring frustration for the visitors, according to former India skipper Ajit Wadekar.Talking about England's 1993 tour of India, then-captain Graham Gooch's plans were foiled by a three-pronged spin attack, Wadekar said Alastair Cook's men might suffer the same fate this time around.\"In 1993, England were supposed to be a good team with Graham Gooch as captain and Duncan Fletcher as manager. We didn't absolutely get spinning wickets but we ensured we didn't let Gooch off the hook. They came well equipped but we showed them that on Indian wickets we are the king. Gooch is their batting coach now. Hope he tells the batsmen to bide their time on our wickets,\" Wadekar, who was the Indian team manager in the series, told TOI on Monday.Like in 1993 when Anil Kumble, Venkatpathy Raju and Rajesh Chauhan spun a web around the visiting batsmen, India will probably have a three-pronged attack in R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Yuvraj Singh. Kumble picked up 21 wickets in the 1993 series. Wadekar, who witnessed it all, wished India had added a leg-spinner in the side to make it worse for the visitors.\"We had a varied spin attack in the 1993 series. We had a leg-spinner, a left-arm spinner and an off-spinner. That really baffled England. Moreover, Kumble was a headstrong character. He utilised the third and fourth day wickets. He was sometimes quicker in the air, sometimes he slowed it down and sometimes he got the ball to spin the other way. His straighter ones were very quick and that was difficult to pick. That's why he got more leg before decisions as well,\" Wadekar reminisced.The former India skipper emphasized the need to use spin the options wisely and cut off the opponent's favourite scoring shots. He remembered how India stopped Gooch from playing the sweep shot in the 1993 series. \"Gooch had come to India with his previous experience of sweeping against spinners. I remember in the 1987 Reliance World Cup at the Wankhede he scored a hundred in which around 87 runs came off the sweep shot. We ensured he didn't sweep against our spinners. He was a good opening batsman who also liked to drive off the backfoot. I saw to it that he was never comfortable playing that shot. I also made sure that no catch was dropped against the spinners,\" Wadekar said.However, the key for India in the forthcoming series would be to cut down the runs and also attack with the bat. \"That's the only way we can pulverize them. Coming into the Kolkata Test in 1993, Mohd Azharuddin was very low on confidence. But I forced him to go after the England bowling. He did that and scored a fantastic 182, setting the tone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200904", "title": "Old City continues to be volatile", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a curfew-like situation for the second consecutive day near Charminar on Monday. Though no violence was reported on Monday, police took extra precautions to prevent any possible trouble and arrested a seer who wanted to perform puja at the Bhagyalakshmi temple.Since morning, police prevented vehicular traffic towards Charminar from Gulzar Houz, Kotla Alijah, Hussainialam, Shah Ali Banda, Moghulpura and Mir Chowk. Initially, police had allowed a few devotees who wanted to offer prayers at the temple, in ones and twos. However, after MIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi announced the withdrawal of support to the N Kiran Kumar Reddy government, police stopped people and even scribes from going anywhere near the temple.Additional commissioner of police Amit Garg monitored bandobust from the Charminar police station. At about 12 noon, the Charminar police took Swami Paripurnananda into custody near Gulzar Houz as he was planning to perform aarti and puja at the Bhagyalakshmi temple. He was shifted to the Kanchanbagh police station and released in the evening.Meanwhile, police arrested nine persons in relation to various incidents of stone-pelting and property damage on Sunday. The arrested persons were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.Police decided to adopt a wait-and-watch policy on whether to allow devotees to perform puja at the temple on Tuesday on the occasion of Diwali. \"If there is no violence on Monday night, we will allow devotees to offer prayers at the temple. However, it will depend on the law and order situation on Tuesday,\" a police officer said. After the press conference at MIM office in Darussalaam, Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi spoke to around 1,500 party activists. After his speech, overzealous party activists took to the streets and damaged three vehicles, including a media van, some shops and assaulted a scribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17199420", "title": "Preparations begin in earnest for first Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After finishing their three-day camp in Mumbai, the Indian team landed in Ahmedabad on Monday morning ahead of the first Test against England at the Motera from November 15. Soon after checking in, the team, minus Ishant Sharma, spent almost two hours playing football, stretching and doing some catching practice.Coach Duncan Fletcher gave some slips catches to Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli and R Ashwin. Not to be left behind, the others too joined in to take some high catches, with Sachin Tendulkar, Harbhajan Singh, Pragyan Ojha, Umesh Yadav and Zaheer Khan in one group and Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Yuvraj Singh, Ajinkya Rahane and Murli Vijay in another. Both teams are scheduled to hit the nets on Tuesday.The England team, which finished their final four-day warm-up match against Haryana, took time off for a round of golf at the KBG golf course in the outskirts of the city. The Englishmen have been in the subcontinent for almost two weeks now and despite having featured in three practice games before the actual series, don't seem to have got the equation right yet. Some injuries and below-par performances have made matters worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200251", "title": "Now, snatchers strike north", "text": "KOLKATA: Snatchers returned to haunt the city on Monday, with two women falling prey to them in the northern parts of the city - which had so far been unaffected by the recent spate of snatchings.The first incident happened in Chitpore. The victim, a middle-aged woman, was out on a morning walk when the snatcher attacked her. Urmila Devi was not only robbed of her earrings, the snatcher assaulted her brutally, leaving her badly bruised.The other incident happened at Chinar Park in Baguiati where a biker snatched 50-year-old Jayashree Jain's gold chain.Urmila Devi (45) was walking down Umakanta Sen Lane in Chitpore around 5.40 am, as she does daily. On the way, she wakes up the employees of her husband Surinder Prasad's coal depot. On Monday, she saw a youth shadowing her, but ignored him and kept walking. But suddenly the youth - in a black jacket - overtook her, blocked her way and asked her where she was going.Stunned by such a question from a completely unknown youth, Urmila said nothing. But the youth pounced on her and clawed her left cheek with his nails. \"I was completely taken aback,\" said Urmila, the left side of her face all swollen and bloody. The youth then punched her on the face, leaving her so traumatised that she could not even raise an alarm.\"He might have killed me. He tried to throttle me. I felt I would be dead. He kept hitting me on my face. I want stringent punishment for the youth who hit me without any provocation,\" cried Urmila.Successive blows left her completely numbed and she fell down. The youth then deftly took off her earrings and fled. A little later, Urmila heard a motorcycle speeding away. She was hurt so badly and traumatised that she could not even move. Some fellow morning walkers noticed her some time later and raised an alarm. Her husband and locals took her to RG Kar Hospital where she was treated and discharged.\"She was bleeding profusely from the nose and mouth. I can't imagine how someone can be so brutal,\" recollected Surabhi Mukherjee who first saw Urmila lying on the street.Monday's incident sent the police top brass into a tizzy once again. After the recent spate of snatch-and-shoot cases in south Kolkata and its fringes, they had intensified patrolling in these parts, leaving the northern part relatively unguarded.The city police had heaved a sigh of relief after arresting three notorious snatchers - Faiaz, Abdul Rehman and Mohammed Shahnawaz Khan - from south Kolkata over the last few days. But the Chitpore incident proved that there is hardly any room for complacency.In Jain's case, there were two men on a bike, one of whom snatched her gold chain as she was walking down the road at Chinar Park. She lodged a complaint at Baguihati police station.Shoot and snatchJanuary 24 - Kasba, gold chain snatched, faced resistance, fired shots, bullet hits the womanFebruary 19 - Chetla, gold chain snatched.January 18 - Kasba gold chain snatchedSeptember 21 - Jadavpur, gold chain snatched, firingSeptember 22 - Dhakuria, gold chain snatchedSeptember 23 - Salt Lake , gold chain snatchedOctober 29 - Elgin Road, gold chain snatchedNovember 2 - Gariahat, gold chain sntchedNovember 2 - Kasba, Gold chain snatchedNovember 5 - Bhawamipore, gold chain snatched, three snatchers arrested on Nov 9November 12 - Chitpore, ear-ring snatched, assaultedNovember 12 - Chinar Park, Baguihati, gold-chain snatched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202349", "title": "Buxar jail prisoners to celebtate fest with kin", "text": "PATNA: This Diwali all 66 prisoners of Buxar Open Jail will get their relatives inside the jail. No, not for any crime but celebrating the festival together. Many of their relatives have already arrived while rests are expected to turn up by tomorrow.All prisoners will be allowed to celebrate the festival of lights inside a one-room apartment which they have been provided with instead of wards.Terming it a \"unique move\", IG (prisons) Anand Kishore said the prisoners, who enjoy more free life than any other prisoner in the state jail, have already started celebrating the festival. \"All relatives of the prisoners will be allowed to stay at the one-room apartment provided by the prison authorities,\" he said.Buxar jail superintendent Surendra Kumar Ambastha said, \"Diwali is celebrated in every prison of the state. In open jail, the prisoners themselves have arranged everything for the puja celebration. We have provided them candles, oil and diya to decorate the prison premises. Apart from this, all expenses of Diwali celebrations are being met by the prisoners and their relatives.\"He said the relatives of two prisoners, whose death sentence were commuted to life term, have also arrived at the prison campus to celebrate the festival. \"The prisoners will also be allowed to do some Diwali shopping outside the jail from 6-7 pm,\" Ambastha said.Beur jail superintendent Shivendra Priyadarshi said the prisoners here will celebrate the festival inside the jail itself. \"Candles and earthen diya have already been distributed to them. However, no special diet has been allotted to them for the festival.\"He said the security of the prison has also been beefed up to prevent any criminal activity inside the jails. \"Playing cards have been seized from the prisoners and will be returned to them once the Diwali fervor is over,\" he said, adding that patrolling through two-wheelers have been intensified to stop Diwali-related crime like gambling inside the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17201778", "title": "'Can't book witnesses for false info'", "text": "KOCHI: Witnesses cannot be booked for misleading police through false statements if such statements are obtained by the latter through questioning and not voluntary deposition, the Kerala high court has ruled.The order by justice S S Satheesachandran came after he considered a petition by Jiji Joseph and six others of Alathur in Palakkad challenging the case registered against them by the Mangalam Dam police for allegedly misleading it.Jiji and others had given statements to the police that their neighbour Tony Ignatius was the one who set fire to a rubber estate adjoining their property in April 2007. Subsequently, during the hearing of a civil case before a magistrate court at Alathur, they gave statements that they hadn't seen Tony setting the estate on fire.The case against Jiji and others was booked by the Mangalam Dam police based on a private complaint by Tony alleging that Jiji and others gave false information regarding an offence.Giving false information regarding an offence is punishable with two years' imprisonment, according to section 203 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). If the false information is given to a public servant, such as a police officer, with the intent to make him use his lawful power to injure another person, it's an offence punishable with six months' imprisonment.Advocate V A Johnson, who appeared for Jiji and others, argued that the alleged offence is made out only on the basis of false information. A person answering questions by police cannot be convicted for providing false information. Those giving statements to police can be booked only if they knew that the information was false, he contended.Quashing the case against the witnesses, the court held that a case cannot be registered against witnesses if the information they provide to police during questioning is false. Only if the information is given voluntarily can the police book a witness, the court ruled.Witnesses cannot be booked for misleading police through false statements if such statements are obtained by police through questioning, and not through a voluntary deposition, the Kerala High Court has ruled.The order by justice SS Satheesachandran was while considering a petition by Jiji Joseph and six others of Alathur in Palakkad challenging the case registered against them by Mangalam Dam police for allegedly misleading the police.Jiji and others had given statements to police that their neighbour Tony Ignatius was the one who set fire to a rubber estate adjoining their property in April 2007. Subsequently, during the hearing of a civil case before a magistrate court at Alathur, they gave statements that they hadn't seen Tony setting the estate on fire.The case against Jiji and others was booked by Mangalam Dam police based on a private complaint by Tony alleging that Jiji and others gave false information regarding an offence.Giving false information regarding an offence is punishable with two years' imprisonment, according to section 203 of Indian Penal Code (IPC).If the false information is given to a public servant, such as a police officer, with the intent to make him use his lawful power to the injury of another person, it's an offence punishable with six months' imprisonment.Advocate VA Johnson, who appeared for Jiji and others, argued that the alleged offence is made out only on the basis of false information. A person answering questions by police cannot be convicted for providing false information. Those giving statements to police can be booked only if they knew that the information was false, he contended.Quashing the case against the witnesses, the court held that a case cannot be registered against witnesses if the information they provided to police during questioning is false. Only if the information is given voluntarily can police book a witness, the court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202146", "title": "Pollution level during Diwali goes up by 30%", "text": "LUCKNOW: Smog continued to prevail in Lucknow for the 11th consecutive day on Sunday, and is likely to intensify in the next few days due to bursting of fire crackers during Diwali festivities. Already, the air pollution level of the city is more than twice the permissible limit. The air pollution is rising because of increase in the number of vehicles and diesel generators as well as increase in the dust particles due to rise in construction activities and bad conditions of roads.Experts say that during Diwali, the air pollution level is likely to increase by 30%, which will not only be dangerous for those suffering from pulmonary diseases, but also cause breathing problem to others.The smog is a combination of fog and smoke or other air pollutants. It is created when moisture level is high in the atmosphere. It does not allow the tiny particles of pollutants to dissipate, and instead tiny water droplets carrying fine particles of pollutants and dust remain suspended in the atmosphere. At present the speed of the wind is very low. As a result, the smog is virtually hanging in the atmosphere, resulting in hazy conditions. The authorities are aware of the fact that the pollution level are alarming in the city and the fire crackers will increase it further, but no action has been taken so far.A recent survey conducted by Indian Institute of Toxicology Research reveals that the average values of PM10 in residential, commercial and industrial areas in the city are above the prescribed National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) of 100 g/m3. Particulate Matter (PM) is the term for solid and liquid particles in the air. The survey found that the average value of PM was 167.1g/m3, 230.9 g/m3 and 217.9 g/m3 respectively in residential, commercial and industrial areas. The noise levels during day and night in the residential and commercial areas were also found to be above the prescribed limit.Regional Officer, UP Pollution Control Board, SK Mishra said that data shows that pollution level during Diwali increases at least by 30%. Experts also said that the crackers contain elements like copper, cadmium, sulphur, aluminium, barium and various others that help in releasing vibrant colours after it is ignited. Once a cracker is burnt, it releases toxic chemicals that remain suspended for long time causing serious health aliments.The heavy metals remain in the atmosphere for long and then get oxidised before entering the food chain through vegetables.City-based chest physician Dr Ashutosh Dubey said, \"Gaseous air pollutants along with other toxic gases emitted due to burning of firecrackers aggravates the chance of attack among asthma Patients. The patients with heart disease, chronic bronchitis and low immune system are also at high risk.\" He added that while harmful smoke increase the chance of conjunctivitis, loud noise makes people's behaviour irritating. Besides, burn injuries are most common on the hands, eyes and face.Similarly, ears, nose and throat specialist, Dr PP Chopra said that loud noise of crackers can damage eardrums. After a loud noise, most people feel numbness in ears for few seconds. Even loud and continuous noise can make a person deaf.Dos and Don'ts:Light firecrackers in an open areaRemove all inflammable articles before lighting firecrackersWear cotton clothes that fit closeKeep doors and windows closed to prevent stray firecrackers from enteringAlways ensure the supervision of an adult around children playing with firecrackersMaintain safe distance from the firecrackers while lighting them and dispose them safely to prevent burn accidentsKeep a bucket of water or sand and a blanket neat to extinguish firePour water to douse fireIn case of minor burn, pour water till the sensation subsidesDo not hold firecrackers in hand while lighting them", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200657", "title": "PC meets Karuna in bid to iron out strains", "text": "CHENNAI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram met DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Monday evening at his residence here amid speculation about souring of relations between the Congress and its key partner. Though the leaders discussed various issues, Karunanidhi remained non-committal, party sources said.The meeting, which lasted over 30 minutes, comes ahead of a crucial parliamentary session that begins on November 22. In recent days, relations between the two parties have been far from comfortable with the DMK even boycotting a feast hosted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday.Though Chidambaram described his meeting with Karunanidhi as a courtesy call on the eve of Diwali, both DMK and Congress sources said the timing was important. Sources confirmed that Chidambaram reportedly sought the DMK's support during the forthcoming parliamentary session when a few important bills are expected to be introduced.\"Chidambaram discussed with Karunanidhi various problems that the Centre was facing with the Tamil Nadu government. Both also discussed various national and state-level issues,\" said a senior DMK leader, privy to discussion between the two leaders. Karunanidhi has been quite miffed with the Centre on various issues, the senior leader pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17205815", "title": "England sweat on Steven Finn's fitness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England sweated on the fitness of their injured fast bowler Steven Finn ahead of their opening Test match against India at the Motera Stadium here from November 15 to 19.The 6-foot-7-inch pacer did not bowl in the practice session of the team for the second day running after raising hopes of recovering from his leg injury two days ago.The Middlesex player bowled five overs at the nets on the final day of the tourists' last warm-up game on Sunday at the outer ground of the Motera Stadium against Haryana. He did not bowl at all yesterday and this morning.The 23-year-old bowler had limped off with a right thigh muscle strain after bowling only four overs in the tourists' opening warm-up game against India 'A' played at the Brabourne Stadium from October 30-November 1.Stuart Meaker, another young fast bowler, has been flown in as a cover for Finn and also played in the four-day game, but he will go back home once the latter recovers from his injury.Wicketkeeper batsman Matt Prior said after the team's morning nets that he did not know the exact reason why Finn did not bowl, adding he would certainly have bowled a long spell if he had a \"realistic chance\" of playing in the series opener.\"I don't know (why Finn did not bowl in the nets). But one thing you could say -- if there's a realistic chance of Finn playing then he probably would have had a long bowl today,\" he said.\"We will see how he comes on tomorrow as well. It is another day. He looks good feels good and coming along brilliantly. So we will have to wait and see,\" he added.Asked how much of a setback would it be if Finn, who has taken 66 wickets in 16 Test matches, is not available to play in the series opener, Prior said the team has a lot of depth to overcome the handicap.\"We have a lot of strength and depth in the squad. If Finn is not available there is another guy who can come in and do as good a job,\" he said.England, however, have reasons to smile as their vice-captain Stuart Broad , who picked up a heel injury in the second game against Mumbai 'A' at D Y Patil Stadium, batted and bowled at the nets.Broad, too, missed the better part of England's preparations, having sat out of the opening game and bowled only 10 overs in the second warm-up game before getting injured. He missing the rest of that game as well as the last practice game held.Meanwhile, Graeme Swann , who had returned home after the second game to be with his newborn child who was unwell, has rejoined the squad in time for the Test series opener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17200953", "title": "Welcome to state with a sting", "text": "Dengue is not the only vectorborne disease health officials in Tamil Nadu need to worry about. The state tops the country in chikungunya this year, according to statistics available with the National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme, the national agency for prevention and control of vector-borne diseases.In the past five years, the state has registered a steep increase in deaths due to dengue, chikungunya and Japanese encephalitis. While dengue cases in Tamil Nadu increased from 707 in 2007 to 8,482 in 2012 (till November 5), chikungunya cases increased from 45 to 5,018 during the same period. In 2007, there were 42 Japanese encephalitis cases; in 2012 (till October) the deaths due to the disease was 53 and the number of cases 800. During this year, one in four dengue deaths and one in three chikungunya cases were reported from Chennai.Senior officials of the public health directorate said the increase only meant that the state was much better in diagnosis and reporting. \"We actively update our registry and forward it to the Union health ministry,\" said a senior official, refusing to be quoted. But healthcare NGOs like the Public Health Association of India said the incidence of these diseases is indeed on the rise in Tamil Nadu. \"Despite under-reporting, there is a huge increase in the number of cases. One of the main reasons is the lack of an efficient vector control system, said the association's state wing president Dr S Elango .Public healthcare experts say that the state has not been up to the mark when it comes to vector control. Until 10 years ago, fogging and spraying of insecticides at every construction site was taken up diligently. Today, most civic bodies, including Chennai Corporation don't do it so rigorously. \"At construction sites, water is allowed to stagnate for several days to strengthen the building. But this water also becomes the breeding ground for several disease-causing mosquitoes,\" said Elango.Doctors at private hospitals agree. \"This is the fever season. We are seeing a lot more cases this year. Children are the most vulnerable,\" said a pediatrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200828", "title": "Southern Railway tries out full AC trains this festival", "text": "CHENNAI: Southern Railway is trying out trains with special compositions based on travelling preferences of passengers on different routes during this festival season. After the all-unreserved special train recently run to Howrah was found to be a success, railways has now introduced an all-AC special train. The train is being operated between Chennai and Tirunelveli this week. The first service which left Chennai Central on Sunday received good response, railway officials said.Internal studies have found that there is a huge demand for all AC trains from Chennai to Mumbai, Madurai, Ernakulam, Bangalore and Pune. \"Travel requirements of people vary from one route to another. Travelling comfort comes secondary for people headed to West Bengal , Orissa and Bihar. All they need is a train. But those travelling to Mumbai, Pune and the southern towns of Tamil Nadu want a comfortable journey. Demand for airconditioned coaches is more on these routes. There is huge demand for AC compartments to these destinations,\" said a senior official of Southern Railway.AC three-tier coaches are mostly preferred though they are expensive than sleeper class coaches. A special train comprising eight AC three-tier coaches and three AC two-tier coaches has been introduced between Chennai Central and Tirunelveli. \"This is a trial. If the train is well received, we will send a proposal to regularise the service. Similarly, we are confident that an all-AC train to Mumbai will be well received. The preference is shifting from sleeper coaches to AC three-tier coaches on several routes. There is pressure to add more AC coaches in scheduled services,\" he added.Passengers are ready to pay more and travel by AC coaches because the profile of travellers is changing and also the sleeper coaches are shabby. \"Pests and dirt make travelling by sleeper coaches a hassle. I try to book in airconditioned coaches because their condition is relatively tolerable,\" says A Achuthan, a frequent traveller.However, passenger interests are often compromised by the strait-jacketed policies of Indian Railways. A railway zone does not have the freedom to introduce a new train. It can try out special trains but will have to wait for the ministry's approval to make it a regular service. Shortage of coaches and saturated railway lines prevent consistent operation of specials. There is also a lack of consistency in policy. Airconditioned Garib Rath trains introduced by former minister Lalu Prasad Yadav were not continued with the same vigour by his successors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201299", "title": "Tourists rescued from drowning off Bardez coastline", "text": "PANAJI: A large number of tourists were rescued from drowning in the Bardez coastal belt during the weekend run up to Diwali.On Monday at 11.30am, a group of tourists from Bhopal entered a no-swim zone in Calangute despite warnings from lifeguards not to venture into the water. Two of them were caught in a rip-current and were dragged 45m offshore. Lifeguards rushed to their aid and brought them safely to the shore with a rescue board.In another incident on Monday in Candolim, a tourist from Delhi, Zohid Lai, 40, who had entered a no-swim zone got pulled by a lateral current at around 2 pm. Lifeguards rushed to his aid on a jet-ski and brought him safely to the shore.On Sunday, lifeguards performed two rescue missions at Calangute. A lifeguard on jet-ski patrol rescued S B Ram, 32, a tourist from Hyderabad who was struggling in a no-swim zone. Similarly, Yamanappa Sannki, 26, was dragged into the water by a lateral current. Lifeguards brought him out safely.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201935", "title": "NMC notice to temple draws flak", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) notice to the ancient Durga temple on Katol Road has drawn flak from devotees and corporators of the ward. EGS minister Nitin Raut along with corporator Dr Prashant Chopra and other Congress leaders met municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and demanded withdrawal of the notice.Chopra told TOI that the temple run by Durga Mata Mandir Sansthan received a notice dated October 16 issued by NMC Mangalwari Zone. \"Notice was issued under MRTP Act and alleged violation in construction of prayer hall. We brought it to the notice of Wardhane that the temple was constructed over 100 years ago during the Bhonsala period. The prayer hall in the temple was constructed 25 years ago. The land on which the temple and hall stand is reserved for the same purpose in the city's development plan. The trust also obtained no objection certificate from Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for construction of a hall. The trust was even paying taxes to NMC on regular basis. So no violation is made out,\" he said.Chopra added that NMC should withdraw the notice or promise not to initiate action against the temple. \"Wardhane understood the situation and just asked the trust to renew the lease on the land. Besides, the trust will decide whether to challenge the notice with the state government. The MRTP Act makes it mandatory to challenge the NMC notice with the government. Every effort will be taken in the interest of temple and devotees. Raut and others are also supporting the same,\" he said.Meanwhile, Chopra also submitted all documents relating to the temple and memorandums to NIT chairman Praveen Darade and collector Saurabh Rao. Chopra's memorandum asks for the cooperation of NIT and district administration to obtain the lease and other documents related to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201825", "title": "Two burglars nabbed, ten cases solved", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch has arrested two notorious burglars and solved at least 10 burglary cases registered at various city and rural police stations. Police have recovered valuables worth over a lakh from Ganesh Gudadhe, a resident of Timki, and Mahesh Gajbhiye, a resident of Hingna.Police said both have confessed to breaking in at six shops at Timki under the jurisdiction of Lakadganj police station. They were also involved in a break in at two houses in the jurisdiction of Yashodhara Nagar police station and some other cases in rural areas.Crime branch police suspect their involvement in more cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200267", "title": "Assault without provocation worries police", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the city police had scored a breakthrough in the south Kolkata snatch-and-shoot cases with three arrests, came the bolt from the blue. North Kolkata, which had been left comparatively unguarded - with patrolling intensified in the south - recorded two snatchings on the same day. To add to it, one of the victims was brutally assaulted, which made the city police top brass sit up and take note. Police are not ruling out the possibility that the same gang that had spread terror in the south has now struck north.More worryingly, the gang would earlier fire shots only if they faced resistance. Except for Vidya Desai, who was shot when she had fought off the goon's attempts to snatch her mangalsutra, no other victim has so far been injured. But at Chitpore, the snatchers assaulted even though the victim, Urmila Devi, had not resisted.With Bhowanipore resident Urbi Desai giving chase and nabbing one of the snatchers on November 5, which resulted in the arrests of two others, perhaps the snatchers now feel that a quick assault would be a better strategy. The use of bullets too often would become risky for the snatchers, too. In fact, when the snatchers had fired shots on the road at Dhakuria, one of the bullets might have ricocheted and hit one of the goons, said investigators.\"Because of the snatching spree in south Kolkata and its suburbs, we intensified motorcycle patrolling in daytime. But now, they have ventured into north Kolkata. They particularly choose the time when the policemen change shifts. We are now strengthening patrolling in the north, too. We also advise morning walkers to stroll in groups,\" said a senior police officer.The trio arrested after the Bhowanipore incident - Faiaz, Abdul Rehman and Mohammed Shahnawaz Khan - are known criminals who matched the description of the suspects. But police believe a lot of unknown gangs are operative in the city now who have been encouraged with the success. Analyzing the modus operandi of the Chitpore case, officers of the city police's detective department are suspecting the involvement of criminals from North 24-Parganas who have a record in robbery.Police, in fact, still have a long way to go before they are close to solving the cases. The guns used in the shootings are yet to be traced. \"The gang active in Kolkata used sophisticated 7.65 and 9 mm guns. But we could not find such guns,\" said an officer of the department.He also hinted that despite some similarities between the gangs that struck, there are some contradictions, too. Only one black bike has been retrieved so far. In all cases in Kolkata, the gang used a black bike. But if there are multiple gangs involved, the others are yet to be traced.South 24 Parganas police claimed some success. \"We need to verify the claims made by the district police,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201073", "title": "MCH treatment plant to become operational", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Steps will be taken to make the advanced waste water treatment plant at the Kozhikode college operational to enable the draining of treated waste water from the college to the Canoli canal. This was decided at a meeting convened by health minister V S Sivakumar with the representatives of political parties, organizations and environmental organizations and officials of various departments, here on Monday.The minister said that the government would allot the fund required to make the defunct plant operational.Though a treatment plant was set up at the medical college with an estimated cost of Rs 5.75 crore two years ago, it has not been functioning owing to resistance from people residing in the Mayanadu area. MLA A Pradeep Kumar, district panchayat president K Jameela, district collector K V Mohankumar, Dr C Ravindran and medical college principal Dr K Muraleedharan Namboodiri were among those present at the meeting.Inauguration of renovated wards at Medical College:Later, while speaking after inaugurating the renovated wards at the Medical college hospital and laying the foundation stone for the new three-storey hostel building, the minister said steps would be taken to pressurize the union government to allot an Ophthalmology Regional Institute for the Kozhikode Medical college hospital.\"The medical college will also be developed as regional cancer unit and an advanced gamma camera which will cost Rs 4 crore will be installed to provide better treatment,\" he said.The minister also said that the sports medicine institute would be made functional by appointing 18 employees. Thirty dialysis units will also be set up at the medical college with the help of district panchayat.The hospital wards were renovated at a cost of Rs 244 lakh. The new hostel building will accommodate 100 students at time.District panchayat president K Jameela inaugurated the Janani Sishu Suraksha Karyakram at the hospital. District collector K V Mohankumar was the chief guest on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204058", "title": "Mithai as health tonic", "text": "Ayurveda says eating energy-rich festive foods is good for youFrom scrumptious karanjis to ghee-laden anarsas and spiral chaklis, making sweets and savouries during Diwali has been a long-standing tradition. What's probably going to be music to the sweet-toothed's ear is Dr Balaji Tambe's research, which shows that traditional festival foods have been designed to improve health.\"Ayurveda has identified important nutrients in almost every food, and the art of Indian cooking is based on this knowledge,\" says the founder of the ayurveda centre Atmasantulana Village. \"Cane sugar, for instance, which has been favoured in Indian tradition, is a cooling agent. It gives you strength, increases shukra dhatu (virya, seminal fluids), and pacifies pitta and vata.\"Likewise, ghee (ayurvedic or homemade), which ayurveda describes as a life-giving nectar, is considered the best lubricant and digestive regulator. It strengthens sense organs, improves memory, intelligence, and vitality. It detoxifies and rejuvenates the system, he shares. Wheat or rawa, another key ingredient in mithai, has the capacity to strengthen all dhatu (seven levels of tissue), improve complexion, and pacify vata and pitta.The fact that the festive season follows the rains closely has something to do with the reason to eat rich foods now. The monsoon denies us exposure to sunlight. \"Once the rains have faded, the digestive fire increases with the sun, and the body must, therefore, be provided with appropriate energy-filled foods. If we deny ourselves rich nutritional foods at this time of the year, the digestive fire could eat into the tissues or even disturb hormonal balance. Feeding the body rich foods now benefits you all year round,\" explains Dr Tambe.Anarsa or Shaalipoop  Ingredients: 200 gm rice dough; 20 gm khus khus; 300 gm ghee; jaggery (as per taste) and water. Method: Wash the rice dough well with water, and pound it (with mortar and pestle) into flour. Add ghee, jaggery and water to prepare it and knead again. Store the ready dough for two-three days. Make it into flattened round patties (three inches in diameter and half a centimetre in thickness). Sprinkle poppy seeds over one side of the patty, and deep fry in ayurvedic ghee. Keep the poppy side up in the pan. Do not turn. Fry until it reddens. Benefit: Lubricates the body, increases vitality without producing heat. Helps nourish all the seven tissue levels of the body, and can stop diarrhoea too.Chakli/Veshtani  Ingredients: 100 gm fresh urad pith (black gram flour); 6 gm salt; 2 gm asafoetida; 20 gm ginger juice; ayurvedic ghee; cold water. Method: Mix urad flour, salt, asafoetida and ginger juice into a hard dough with cold water. Apply a little ayurvedic ghee or sesame/groundnut oil on your hands and knead it well. Make three balls. Roll them into sticks (as thick as pencils). Arrange the rolled sticks into spirals of two-three inches in diameter. Deep fry in ayurvedic ghee to make chakli. For veshtani (easier to digest), steam the same preparation for approximately 20 minutes. Serve with coriander chutney. Benefit: Both chakli and veshtani increase seminal fluids and vitality. The main ingredient, urad, is an important lubricating agent, which increases kapha. It is an aphrodisiac and a strength-giving tonic. This helps clear urination, supports flesh and fat tissue and serves as a medicine for piles, facial palsy as well as vata diseases like paralysis and nervous disorders.Karanji  Ingredients: For the puri: 60 gm fine wheat flour; 6 gm rawa; ghee. For the filling: 150 gm cane sugar; 90 gm fresh coconut; pinch of cardamom, powdered clove, black pepper powder, charoli/chironji (buchanania lanzan) and edible camphor. Method: To prepare the puris, make hard dough of rawa and fine wheat flour with milk as required to make it soft, and a little ghee (1 tsp). Set dough aside for two hours. Pound in a mortar or mixer, make small balls and roll out like puris. The filling must be prepared separately. Roast rawa in ghee, slowly. Add sugar, cardamom, fresh coconut, powdered clove, black pepper powder, charoli/chironji and a tiny pinch of edible camphor to roasted rawa preparation and mix thoroughly. Now, place two teaspoons of the filling in the puri and fold it over the filling to make a semi circle. Press the edges together and deep-fry in ghee. While hot, immerse in sugar syrup and remove after some time. It is ready to serve. Benefit: This preparation builds up all seven tissues, particularly vitality and seminal fluids. Although it is heavy to digest, it helps with motions. It is good for bones , strengthens the heart , and reduces pitta and vata doshas.Ayurveda basics Ayurveda explains that everything in the universe, including humans, exhibit a combination of three tendencies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d kapha (matter-inertia-heaviness), vata (flow-movement-activity pressure) and pitta (digestive fire and catalytic agency-warmth-enthusiasm). To understand food and digestion, learning about pitta is essential.Reema.Gehi@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "17203443", "title": "Old friends group sticks up for green fest", "text": "CIVIL LINES: This group of 10 couples has been friends for 32 years. Sharing the bond of friendship since their school days, these buddies, who are in their 50s and 60s, make sure they get together every month to celebrate their decades' old association. On Sunday, however, their meeting was a tad different, for it espoused a cause. All 20 of them pledged to do their bit to ensure a firecracker-free Diwali.Santosh Aggarwal, 55, a homemaker and wife of Satvinder Aggarwal, a textile factory owner, said, \"Most of us studied together in Model School, Civil Lines. Later, we took different courses and professions, but always stayed in touch. Of the 10 couples, five are from Civil Lines. Besides us, advocate Rajesh Marwaha and his wife Sangeeta Marwaha, a homemaker; Dr Navneet Saggar and Chhaya Saggar, a homemaker; Arun Sagar and Meenu Sagar, fashion designers, and Rakesh Chadha, a chartered accountant , and Neelam Chadha are from the area.\"\"Dr V K Vatsayan and Meenu Vatsayan and advocate R K Grover and Nisha Grover are from Samrala Chowk. Dr K K Kohli and Nutan Kohli are residents of Sarabha Nagar and V K Arora, a businessman, and Anu Arora, a beautician, of BRS Nagar. Businessman B S Ryat and Kulwant Kaur are from Model Town,\" she added.Aggarwal, who hosted the get-together, said, \"It was a special bash as we celebrated green Diwali together. We played tambola and a few other fun games. We went down the memory lane, recalling the good old days. And the event ended on a toothsome note, with we enjoying a scrumptious dinner.\"About their cause, Arora said, \"Besides having a good time, we took upon ourselves a noble mission. We decided to contribute towards a pollution-free Diwali. We will not burst crackers at our homes and urge our near and dear ones to shun their use.\"Chadha said, \"It's a colourful festival. We should celebrate it with diyas, rangoli and by spreading joy.\"Sagar said, \"Instead of wasting money on crackers, we can use it to feed poor people to add sparkle to their festivities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17207526", "title": "Mangalorean in Forbes classroom revolutionaries'' list", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalorean Anant Agarwal, President of edX, a worldwide, online learning initiative of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University , has been named by Forbes magazine among the 15 classroom revolutionaries'' who are using innovative technologies to reinvent education for students and teachers globally.The Forbes list names 15 education innovators who are harnessing a slew of disruptive technologies to change everything from the way we teach grade school math to how we train the next generation of teachers.'' Agarwal did his early education in city's St Aloysius College right from Std 1 to PUC (1977).Agarwal who holds a Ph.D. from Stanford and a bachelor's from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, led the development of Raw - an early tiled multicore processor, Sparcle - an early multithreaded microprocessor, and Alewife - a scalable multiprocessor. He also led the VirtualWires project at MIT and was the founder of Virtual Machine Works , which took the VirtualWires technology to market.He is an author of the textbook Foundations of Analog and Digital Electronic Circuits.''Ruchir Agarwal is ecstatic about his elder brother's achievement. I have been trying to contact him ever since I got the news. He is unavailable probably due to his busy nature of work as also he has shifted his place of residence elsewhere after hurricane Sandy affected his area,'' said Ruchir.Ananth, who has also served as the Director of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), is the leader of the Carbon Project, which is developing new scalable multi-core architectures, a new operating system for multi-core and clouds called FOS, and a distributed, parallel simulator for multi-core and clouds called Graphite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204819", "title": "Cheryl Cole turns 'military chic' during visit to radio studio", "text": "Cheryl Cole looked ready for action wearing camouflage combats, as Girls Aloud visited Radio 1 on Monday.Bandmate Nicola Roberts , 27, also went military in a khaki dress, the Mirror reported.Nadine Coyle and Kimberley Walsh looked radiant and bubbly as they waved to fans.Sarah Harding , 30, went for glamour in black.The group announced their reunion last month and plan to head out on the road together next year to promote a new record - their first together since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200778", "title": "Corpn to re-lay 106 rain-hit roads", "text": "CHENNAI: About 106 bus route roads, including Kilpauk Garden Road, Millers Road and NSK Salai, will be re-laid and 71 pavements improved at a cost of 102 crore in less than four months. Footpaths on the chosen roads will be given a facelift.Acknowledging that many arterial roads had already developed cracks and had been damaged during the two spells of rain, including during cyclone Nilam, the Chennai Corporation has decided to take up work on streets not laid in the beginning of the year. \"The 130 roads re-laid this year will just require patchwork. Besides that we have decided to relay 106 roads that have not been re-laid in two years,\" said a senior official. The roads will be laid with bitumen and paver finish. Pantheon Road, Police Commissioner Road and Ethiraj Salai are among those where footpaths will get new granite slabs. The corporation hopes to start the work by the third week of December. \"We have received information from the Met department that the rains will end by the third or fourth week of December, so we are confident of finishing it by March 15,\" said commissioner D Karthikeyan. \"We have also included improvement of footpaths using granite slabs,\" he added.The decision is expected to come as a huge relief to commuters who have been forced to undergo a bumpy ride negotiating large potholes that have formed over arterial roads such as Lattice Bridge Road, North Usman Road and Sardar Patel road.\"We have had just two spells of rain, and roads like Gandhi Mandapam Road have already developed two huge potholes,\" said Rajini Alagappan of Kotturpuram. General Patters Road, the only way commuters on Anna Salai can reach any part of South Chennai, is just a mound of rubble and bumps, others said.The corporation is expecting another spell of rain in two weeks and expects that a few more roads will require repairs, but intends to start the work with no further delay. The last day for interested contractors to submit bids is December 6, so all details will be finalised within two weeks from then.Towards the end of 2011, as the city was recovering from cyclone Thane and two other spells of rain, the corporation initially decided to relay 112 km of the 172 bus route roads, but later decided on around 130 roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199732", "title": "Foul play in house help\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dadar police are investigating whether the death of a domestic help at a Prabhadevi housing society could have involved foul play.Rajneesh Prajapati, 20, had allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the six-storeyed Nugget apartments on Sunday morning. The police are now questioning residents of the society besides the security guard. \"We are trying to trace eyewitnesses to the incident. Prajapati worked for the family of Mohan Singh Parmar,\" said a police officer. The family had suspected Prajapati of theft.\"We are not fully convinced that Prajapati could have committed suicide out of guilt,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200542", "title": "Parking rates at malls leave people fuming", "text": "CHENNAI: Recently, when Kumar Sekar went to a movie at Express Avenue mall, he was expecting a pleasant experience. After paying 200 as premium parking fee, the price of two tickets, for three hours, the 31-year-old content writer was shocked. \"Unfortunately, there is no regulation of parking fees at malls,\" said Kumar Sekar.Complaints are pouring in that the civic body has not taken steps to regulate parking fees at malls and multiplexes. Most malls, it is revealed, charge more during weekends and holidays.At Express Avenue, the premium parking fee for cars is 150 for the first three hours and Rs 50 for every additional hour on weekdays. During weekends, it is Rs 200 for the first three hours and Rs 70 for every additional hour. For two-wheelers, it is Rs 15 for the first hour and Rs 20 at weekends.In Spencer Plaza, it is Rs 20 for every hour for cars and for two-wheelers it is Rs 10 for two hours and Rs 5 for each additional hour. At Citi Centre, parking a car costs Rs 15 an hour on week days and Rs 20 an hour on weekends; for two-wheelers it is Rs 20 for two hours and Rs 10 per additional hour. At Ampa Skywalk, it is Rs 20 for cars on weekdays and Rs 10 per additional hour. It is Rs 25 on weekends and Rs 15 per additional hour. For two-wheelers it is Rs 15 on weekdays and Rs 10 per additional hour. Also, Rs 20 on weekends and Rs 15 per additional hour.This has created another problem. R Vasanthi of Pycrofts Road, close to Citi Centre, said: \"Because of the huge parking fee in the mall, most shoppers parking vehicles on road-sides creating inconveniences for us.\" Daisy Joseph, a regular shopper, said: \"Even if it is 1 hour 10 minutes, we are charged for two hours.\"Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said they were helpless as malls were private property: \"As of now there are no norms prescribing the rates to be levied for parking at these places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204783", "title": "Aamir wishes 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' to be huge success", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan has wished late filmmaker Yash Chopra's last directorial venture 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' to achieve huge success and break records of all his previous films.A string of Bollywood celebrities including biggies like the Bachchans, Shah Rukh Khan and Aamir Khan attended the grand premiere of 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' that took place last evening at the Yash Raj Studios in Mumbai.\"It is sad that this is his last film and that he is not with us here today. We will miss him. I pray this film achieves huge success and breaks all records of his previous movies,\" Aamir told reporters last evening.\"Yashji was an institution in himself in the industry. I don't think anyone can make romantic films the way Yashji did,\" he said.'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' , a romantic drama, stars Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma in the lead. The film opens in cinema houses today.\"It is a bitter sweet moment that he is not with us today. I am waiting to see the film,\" Aamir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17206091", "title": "Ishant Sharma misses practice session ahead of Ahmedabad Test", "text": "MUMBAI: Ishant Sharma has been rendered a doubtful starter for the opening Test against England as the lanky India pacer skipped the practice sessions on Tuesday.The Indian team, except Sharma, sweated it out at the Motera Stadium this morning.BCCI Secretary Sanjay Jagdale, when contacted, said there seems to be some \"problem\" with Sharma, but he did not know the details.\"There is some problem, as I got a call from the team management. They are still ascertaining details whether he will be available to play (in the Test),\" Jagdale said.According to team sources, Sharma has picked up a viral infection, but it could not be verified from official sources. It is also not clear whether the team has asked for a replacement for Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203702", "title": "Bull goes berserk in city market, five injured", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A bull flew into rage at Indradhanu Market in Nayapally and gored five men, who are now being treated at a hospital here, on Monday. Condition of one the injured men, Purna Chandra Behera (55), a tea stall-owner is critical.Cattle catchers of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) had tough time placating the bull, which went on the rampage for nearly 15 minutes at the busy market. Eyewitnesses said the bull first attacked Behera, who was getting ready to open his shop.\"The animal attacked him with his horns and then tossed him in the air. The old man sustained injuries in his stomach, head and legs,\" said Janmajeya Sahoo, a street vendor said. \"The bull then attacked whosoever came its way. We informed the BMC after failing to quell its anger,\" Sahoo said.Passersby and vendors scurried for cover as the civic squad took nearly half an hour to capture the animal. The bull was left in the kine house, run by the BMC at Kharavela Nagar.Earlier, the state government had asked the BMC to prepare an action plan to get rid of the bovine and canine menace in the city, worried over the explosion in their population. While the stray cattle population would be around 1,000 in the city, the strength of dogs stood at nearly 20,000.People trained their guns on the civic body for failing to curb bovine and stray dog menace in the city. \"No tangle step has been taken. Stray cattle and dogs often hamper traffic with their movement often leads to accidents, particularly at night,\" Tarak Prasad Mallick, a resident of Old Town area, where bovine menace is the order of the day.BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra said the corporation lacks modern equipment to catch the cattle and stray dogs. \"At present, we catch them manually. We will explore the feasibility of modern methods to capture them,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203717", "title": "Prince Charles doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t have 7 eggs for breakfast", "text": "Clarence House has dispelled \"myths\" about the Prince of Wales saying that the heir to the throne does not have seven boiled eggs cooked for him at breakfast but only eats one.Jeremy Paxman , the Newsnight presenter, made the original claims in his book On Royalty, published in 2006.He wrote that the story, which came from \"one of the prince's friends\" was that after a day's hunting, the Prince of Wales liked to have a boiled egg, the Telegraph reported.He is said to be so particular about the firmness of the yolk that he had his staff regularly provide seven eggs, numbered according to cooking time, so he could sample each and select according to preferred hardness.Under a frequently asked questions section on the new website, the suggestion is refuted.\"Does The Prince of Wales have seven boiled eggs cooked for his breakfast but only eat one, as claimed in Jeremy Paxman's book 'On Monarchy'?,\" the website asks.The answer: \"No, he doesn't and never has done, at breakfast or any other time.\"The website seeks to address twenty six charges made against Prince Charles and his wife - amongst them the suggestion that he has too many staff, is an advocate of medically unproven homeopathic treatments and interferes in Government policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17201202", "title": "'Next-day discharge after C-sec is safe'", "text": "Some women who deliver their babies by cesarean section may be able to check out of the hospital the next day without raising their risk of problems, according to a Malaysian study. The study, which appeared in the journal Obstetrics &amp; Gynecology, looked at 360 women in Malaysia , who were randomly assigned to go home either one or two days after having a C-section.Both groups were equally satisfied with their care, and the women who were discharged sooner seemed to have no more problems with breastfeeding or mental well-being. \"Day 1 discharge compared with day 2 discharge after a planned cesarean delivery resulted in equivalent outcomes,\" wrote lead author Peng Chiong Tan, at the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur.Those results don't mean that hospitals should start discharging women the day after a C-section, but they do suggest that a next-day discharge is something women can talk about with their doctors, researchers said. In the US, where C-sections are done in about one-third of births, women stay in the hospital for three to four days after the procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17204150", "title": "Blast near Imphal airport, 1 killed", "text": "IMPHAL: A powerful IED, suspected to have been planted to target security forces' movement along Imphal airport, exploded near a government college here on Monday evening killing a tribal mason and injuring another.Sources said the bomb went off at around 5 pm killing Alin Kom (40) on the spot, and injuring his cousin, Chumpa Kom (28). Both hailed from Sagang village in Churachandpur district.The two victims who were staying at Sangaiporou here were walking towards their residence when the bomb went off. Chumpa was rushed to the centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) here.Security forces reached the spot and carried out a search operation around the area but no one was pulled up. The incident came barely five days after rebels exploded an IED at Ghari area near the airport, injuring three persons including a schoolboy.Rebels, who are fighting to restore Manipur's past 'sovereignty', have been targeting security forces frequently with powerful bombs across the state since September 5, killing and injuring several security forces and civilians alike.On the other hand, explosive experts safely retrieved another powerful bomb planted at Lilong area in Thoubal district along National Highway-2 on Monday morning.Sources said the bomb went off at around 5 pm killing the man, Alin Kom (40) on the spot, and injuring his cousin, Chumpa Kom (28). Both hailed from Sagang village in Churachandpur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202232", "title": "Provide construction site's details on information plates, instructs Lucknow Development Authority", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hardening its stance on the rampant illegal constructions in the city, Lucknow Development Authority has issued instructions to put information plates providing details about the sanctioned map on the construction sites above 300 metre square area and also upload the information on its website.LDA's VC Rajiv Agarwal on Monday instructed officials that all the multi-storeyed commercial buildings and group housing societies that have been constructed in past three years should upload information about the sanctioned map along with the number of floors on LDA's website. He has also directed to display the list of all constructed or under construction group housing flats, multi-storeyed commercial complexes and housing societies built on residential plots on the notice boards of the DM, ADM and deputy registrar for the public.The banks would also be provided a circular informing about these properties, so that they may check with the authority, while deciding to give housing loans on them. The UP Power Corporation officials have been asked not to supply electricity to all the people enlisted.If any person is using the parking lot for any other purpose in an under-construction site, orders have been given to all executive engineers to restore the parking and regularly check the implementation of the same. If a person has constructed a building without getting its map sanctioned from the authority or has got it approved by the Jila Panchayat, the structure would considered illegal.The LDA VC has instructed all the engineers to do a survey in their respective zones and stop all unauthorised constructions with immediate effect and also take legal action against them. He said that it has been found that many institutions and people are illegally involved in land-deals without approving the layouts by the competent authority. These would be stopped as per the UP Urban Planning and Development Act 1973 and liable for legal action.Orders have been issued that any group housing flat or multi-storeyed commercial complex must not get possession without submitting a completion certificate. The superintendent engineer has been made the nodal officer to check such activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17200820", "title": "Jind panchayat keeps cell phones off schools", "text": "ROHTAK: A village panchayat of Jind district has banned students from carrying cellphones to schools.In a special meeting called by Kandela village sarpanch Randhir Singh on Sunday, a 10-member committee comprising persons the school staff and panchayat was formed to ensure that the ban is enforced. He clarified that students were free to keep phones outside the school.Saying there have been complaints about students of two government schools in the village using cellphones in class, he added, \"We went and seized mobile phones (from students). After these incidents, we decided to act tough and have formed a committee, whose members can search and seize cells from students.\"The panchayat and school authorities have also urged the parentsguardians to not give mobile phones to their wards, Randhir added. \"The panchayat will act on its own and hand over eve teasers to the police,\" he stated.Rohtak district education officer Jagbir Malik said every village has a management committee which has school staff and prominent villagers as members to deal with issues at village level. He said that although there were no written orders regarding ban on cells in school, studetns are not allowed to them in school.The meeting was attended by Kandela khap pradhan Tekram Kandela, former sarpanch Om Prakash , anganwari workers and social activists of the village besides the school staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202368", "title": "Cops on guard for peaceful festival of lights", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police have stepped up security arrangements in the state capital before Diwali to maintain peace and communal harmony during the festival.\"A large number of policemen will be deployed both in uniform and mufti at several important intersections of the city. Maintaining communal harmony during the festival is crucial. The police will focus on crime prevention, crowd management and traffic regulation during the Diwali celebrations,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj.The Patna traffic police have drawn up plans to tackle the crowd which is likely to throng the main markets in the city for last-minute purchases of clothes, sweets and firecrackers. Shoppers should be alert as strangers may use all tricks to dupe them, he said. Indeed, parking of vehicles would be a big problem for the Patnaites, especially near the shopping complexes and food joints.Traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"The city police will utilize the services of homeguard personnel for traffic management. They will be deployed at important places thronged by people, including shopping centres.\" \"Random checking of bikes and four-wheelers is on. The policemen have fined a large number of rash drivers who breached the traffic rules. This drive will continue for the next few days,\" he said.According to police officials, women police would be deployed for handling the crowd. The police would also keep a watchful eye from specially erected high-rise towers on busy stretches like near Gandhi Maidan, Boring Road, Bailey Road and the Secretariat area.With regard to parking of vehicles, the one-way traffic system should come in handy. \"With the cooperation of motorists, we hope to be able to handle the situation with ease,\" a traffic police officer said.The managers of shopping malls and chain stores have been asked by the district police to use CCTVs to closely monitor people's movement. Many textile, jewellery and chain stores have installed CCTVs and have alternative power backup to ensure that there were no untoward incidents when electricity went off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201918", "title": "Helmet-less banker dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A 42-year-old banker died while riding pillion behind his cousin who lost control of the bike on a slippery stretch on Great Nag Road on Sunday evening.Recently promoted, Nitish Bhandekar was set to move into his new house. He suffered a head injury and succumbed.Kotwali police booked Bhandekar's cousin Vivek Murley who is recuperating at a private hospital. Sources said that Bhandekar had come from Wardha to invite his relatives for the house-warming ceremony.The accident took place when the duo was heading to Nandanvan to invite their sister. Police said that Murle failed to negotiate the turn near Jagnade Square where road construction work is underway. At the hospital, Bhandekar was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17202247", "title": "Governor, chief minister extend Diwali greetings to citizens", "text": "Governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have extended their greetings to all the people of the state on the occasion of Diwali and have wished them a happy and prosperous life.The governor in his message has said that Deepawali, the festival of lights, is a symbol of prosperity. It inspires us towards the path of truth and as well as popularises the ideals of national unity and cohesion. He has also appealed to all the citizens especially to children to take safety measures during firework display to avoid accident.The governor will also meet eminent citizens between 11.00 a.m. to 12.00 noon on Tuesday at Raj Bhawan. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in his greeting message has said that the festival of lights has a special importance in our culture, as it is a symbol of social harmony and mutual brotherhood.Dates extended: Minister for medical and health Ahmad Hasan has extended the date of taking charge by the newly selected doctors by the UP Public Service Commission till December 10. He said that those doctors, who had not taken their charge, should assume their duties by December 10. It may be mentioned that earlier the last date of taking charge was November 15.Golden jubilee: Being the golden jubilee year, Central Command is launching a series of initiatives to promote adventure sports in the region. Mountaineering, trekking, mountain terrain biking, rock climbing , white water rafting, skydiving, parasailing, paragliding, paramotor flying, microlight flying and hot air ballooning are some of the adventure sports being promoted. Command mountain expedition was thus launched in Garhwal and Kumaon Himalayas in October this year. The expedition led by Brigadier Ashok Abbey consisting of four JCOs and 35 men including ex-servicemen of Garhwal Scouts trekked 155 kilometres in high altitude region to spread awareness amongst the local population about ecology and environment and inform veterans about the initiatives being undertaken by Central Command. The team undertook voluntary environment cleaning of all camp sites used by previous expeditions and trekkers. Non bio-degradable waste was brought from high altitude regions to the nearest road head for further disposal. In order to promote adventure sports amongst the local youth, the students of UP Sainik School, Lucknow formed part of the expedition team in certain areas.IAS Service Week: After announcing the dates of the much-feted IAS Service Week on Sunday, the IAS association is now likely to seek an advancement of dates by one week. On Sunday, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav sanctioned January 11-13, 2013 for hosting the Service Week. However, with most of the senior bureaucracy likely to be caught with making arrangements for Mahakumbh Mela -the first dip, which is scheduled on January 14-the dates will have to be advanced. Though the IAS Association has already asked for a change in dates, the final dates will be decided after a formal word from the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17200958", "title": "50 acres of encroached govt land reclaimed", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 50 acres of encroached land were reclaimed in a recent drive conducted by the revenue department in Perundurai in Erode district. A survey is being conducted to identify such encroachments across the state, revenue minister Thoppu N D Venkatachalam told TOI on Monday.The department reclaimed 8.23 acres from encroachers at Karumandi Chellipalayam town pachayat in Erode district. The land was allotted for the construction of a government polytechnic college. The officials claimed that each acre is worth about Rs 3 crore. Over 7.30 acres were reclaimed at Thuduppathi village near Perundurai town. The state government has allotted 50 cents land to construct a government music college and remaining lands were allotted to construct commercial establishment for turmeric business development.The officials reclaimed 14 acres from Sullipalayam near Perundurai. While some of the encroachers had used the land for agriculture purpose, others had used to construct houses. However, all encroached lands were reclaimed and the state government has planned to construct a revenue divisional office (RDO) at the land.Over 23.77 acres were reclaimed at Chinna Veera Sangili near Perundurai. The revenue officials had planned to give free patta to 1,400 members who belonged to scheduled caste. All the lands were reclaimed in Perundurai assembly constituency, from where the revenue minister was elected.\"We are collecting a detailed information about the revenue land encroachments across the state and we will take stringent action against the encroachers. The reclaimed encroached lands will be used for various government official purposes,\" Venkatachalam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201923", "title": "High court gets four new judges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court got more judges on Monday, as four judicial officers were elevated as additional judges of the high court.Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya administered the oath of office to four judicial officers in a ceremony in the high court's committee room. The four new judges are S G Shah, G R Udhwani, S H Vora and R D Kothari. With theelevation of thesefour officers, the high court's strength has now increased to 31. The totalsanctionedstrengthis 42.Justice Shah was earlier a registrar of the Supreme Court, Justice Udhwani was registrar general of Gujarat high court, Justice Kothari was principal district judge at Nadiad and Justice Vora was principaljudge atthecity civil and sessions court of Ahmedabad.Justice Vora was also appointed asspecialjudgeto preside over the trial of the post-Godhra Naroda Gam case.As former registrar general Udhwani has been elevated, registrar (judicial ) M J Thakkar has been made in-charge of high court's registrar general.State law minister Dilip Sanghani, minister of state for law Pradipsinh Jadeja, advocate general Kamal Trivedi, additional advocate general Tushar Mehta, government pleader Prakash Jani, and Gujarat High Court Advocate's Association president Vijay Patel were present in the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17201373", "title": "Ponda municipal council gets show-cause notice", "text": "PONDA: Alleging that the Ponda municipal council (PMC) failed to tackle the garbage issue, the directorate of municipal administration has issued a show cause notice asking the council why it should not be dissolved.PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui termed it as a political gimmick. Claiming that the notice was a procedure, she alleged that some politicians with vested interests want to dissolve the PMC and impose an administrator on it.\"If it was for failure to tackle the garbage menace, the notice should have been addressed to the municipal solid waste officer. But, it was addressed to the chairperson and chief officer which shows the vested interests,\" Dangui said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204191", "title": "Bhutia market in city ready with winterwear", "text": "GUWAHATI: Every year before the onset of winter, Bhutias set shop in the city. Cramped in one of the small streets of Paltan bazaar, these shops have been selling jackets, sweaters, shawls and caps to Guwahatians for a long time.Maya, a shopkeeper from Nepal, said, \"The three-day journey from Nepal to Guwahati was not easy. Each and every item in our luggage was thoroughly checked by policemen and we were also charged money.\"Pasang, another vendor, added, \"Customer response is not as good as expected. Competition from newly emerging shopping malls has lowered our sales. The winters are no longer very cold in Assam as earlier. However, we hope that customers will start pouring in once the chill sets in.\"The market usually opens from October every year. Nima, a shopkeeper, said, \"We have jackets from Delhi and Ludhiana costing around Rs. 1000. Caps, socks, sweaters are from Bhutan and range between Rs 300 and Rs 500. Shawls from Nepal priced at Rs 500 are in much demand.\"Rema, another vendor, said, \"Since the prices got fixed for all articles, handling customers has become easier.\" Earlier, bargaining with customers was very difficult.\"Anannya Goswami, a customer, said the collection of shawls are the best, \"The bright colour, designs and material are very good,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205771", "title": "GKSF to rope in houseboats &amp; homestays for event promotion", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Houseboats and home stays will soon join the long list of merchant establishments registering for the South Indian Bank Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF). The Kerala tourism department is looking at ways to rope in tourism businesses and services such as hotels, restaurants, tour and travel operators, homestays as well as houseboats as part of its efforts to take GKSF to a global platform.Pegged as the second biggest shopping season in the state by the department, GKSF is said to have finally caught the eye of houseboats and homestay owners. \"We have initiated discussions with tourism trade and industry bodies to explore ways in which they can take advantage of the festival,\" said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar. \"Clearly the benefits run both ways. While businesses can incentivize their services by being part of GKSF, their guests can earn rewards and learn more about the Kerala shopping experience,\" he added.The tourism department is planning to promote GKSF through national and international tour operators who took part in the recently concluded Kerala Travel Mart. Besides, GKSF gateways will be set up at airports, railway stations and key tourist destinations and tourist information centres for visibility. The inclusion of indigenous handicrafts and handlooms as GKSF prizes are expected to prove a big attraction for tourists shopping in Kerala.\"We have had two meetings with homestay associations in Kochi and in Thiruvananthapuram, and their response has been positive,\" said U V Jose, director, GKSF. He added that the tourism pitch will be the strongest this time in the districts of Wayanad, Idukki, Alappuzha and Ernakulam. \"Joint directors and deputy directors of the tourism departments and secretaries at the district tourism promotion councils will partner Akshaya centres to engage with tourism businesses and services,\" Jose added.A pre-promotional roadshow will be flagged off in Delhi this month. It will travel through seven partner states and all the districts of Kerala during the run-up to GKSF season six, which will be held between December 15 and January 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201125", "title": "MHA may ease visa norms for Pak cricket fans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Relaxing the condition requiring an Indian sponsor for every Pakistani fan applying for a visa to watch the upcoming Indo-Pak cricket series, India may also allow visa applications which have the match tickets and return journey tickets duly attached. Though India is looking at accommodating around 500 Pakistani spectators for the Delhi tie and 100 each for the other venues, it has agreed to consider raising the ceiling after Islamabad indicated that the ticket sales back home may touch 2,000 for the national Capital alone.The five-match Indo-Pak series \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first after bilateral cricket ties were snapped in 2008 in wake of the 26/11 strikes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be held between December 25 and January 6. Three one-day internationals (ODIs) and two T-20 matches will be played during the nearly fortnight-long series.The MHA had earlier proposed to insist on strict adherence to the \"Indian sponsor\" criterion, given the experience during the last Indo-Pak series in 2007, when 12 Pakistani spectators went missing and also the 26/11 probe revealed that two Pakistani masterminds had entered the country to survey targets on the pretext of watching a match at Mohali.However, after getting a feedback from its own agencies as well as from Islamabad on how this might disadvantage genuine Pakistani cricket lovers, who cannot get an Indian sponsor for their visit, the ministry is actively considering easing the norms.\"Making an Indian sponsor mandatory for each Pakistan visa applicant was possibly loaded against ordinary Pakistani citizens who may not have Indian contacts but still want to watch the matches here for their genuine interest in cricket,\" a senior intelligence official told TOI. The concerns were discussed at a meeting in the Union home ministry on Monday, which decided to also look at visa applications that have the applicant's match tickets as well as return journey tickets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by bus, rail or air \u00e2\u20ac\u201d duly attached.The return journey tickets are crucial since they will help intelligence agencies establish if the Pakistani fans travel back home on the date indicated in the tickets.Interestingly, though the Indian authorities expect maximum applications for the Delhi match since the venue is the closest to Pakistan and also connected by multiple means of transport, it will also allow Pakistani fans to travel to all other venues \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bengaluru, Chennai, Ahmedabad and Kolkata. Though Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik may not travel to India as earlier scheduled on November 22-23, multi-city visa for Pakistani fans may still be possible. Visas for all the five venues, an official said, can be done by either operationalizing the new visa regime with Pakistan in part or whole, or even clearing a special visa arrangement limited to the upcoming Indo-Pak series alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17200784", "title": "Attack on dalits was planned, says national panel", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Taking a serious view of the recent violence in which 268 huts in three dalit colonies in the district were set on fire, the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC), which visited the violence-hit areas on Monday, said the attack was planned. The commission inferred from the visit that it was \"out and out pre-planned and an organised crime\" against the dalit community, NCSC Chairman P L Punia told reporters.The violence was triggered after a man committed suicide on November 7 over his daughter's marriage to a dalit. Punia said the mob had attacked a dalit family in Kondampatti village where an inter-caste marriage had taken place three years ago, revealing that they were taking revenge. Petrol bombs were hurled at four-wheelers, two-wheelers and valuables looted from houses showing that it was not a sudden attack but a planned one, the NCSC chairman said.No casualty was reported. But all the houses in the colonies suffered damage, Punia said, adding that the villagers were in a state of shock. The commission praised the district administration and the police personnel who acted swiftly to arrest 126 culprits in connection with the violence. As many as 40 houses were damaged and 175 houses suffered partial damage, Punia said, adding that the government had provided only temporary relief measures. The estimated loss was about 7 crore. The district administration should constitute a peace committee, Punia said.Meanwhile, three police personnel were suspended for alleged dereliction of duty in connection with the violence. \"An inspector, a sub-inspector and a constable have been placed under suspension for not tackling the situation properly,\" DIG Salem Range Sanjay Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17200073", "title": "Lopez-Granollers stop Indian Express", "text": "LONDON: The world no. 6 pair of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez clinched the season-ending Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, beating the Indian combine of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna 7-5, 3-6, 10-3 in a final where the momentum swung back and forth much to the delight of the full house at The O2 Arena on Monday.Bhupathi and Bopanna, who did well to stay with their opponents through the first set, their play picking up pace in the second, however saw their challenge fall apart in a string of errors in the decider.The super tie-break, in which they won a mere three points, lasted no more than 15-minutes. The Spaniards, who had beaten the Indians in their only previous meeting in the semifinals of the Rome Masters, made their opponents play more balls than they were used to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17200965", "title": "Knowledge Park to soon be rid of illegal parking", "text": "NOIDA: After conducting a drive to rid the Pari Chowk area of encroachments and traffic snarls last month, the Greater Noida Authority has now decided to begin a similar drive in the busy Knowledge Park area in the city. The Authority plans to conduct the drive in association with the district police and has already written to the Gautam Budh Nagar senior superintendent of police, Praveen Kumar, requesting support.The Knowledge Park is one of the busiest areas of the city and is heavily encroached upon by unauthorized parking. The area has a total of 87 private colleges and, hence, witnesses heavy rush through the day. Even though the Authority has provided a dedicated parking space in the Knowledge Park area for the students, teachers and administration staff of the colleges and offices in the area, most roads, pavements as well as any available vacant space is used for unauthorized parking.\"Besides the vehicles of several students and college staff, hundreds of errant auto rickshaw drivers remain parked in front of the colleges in the area at all times,\" said a Greater Noida Authority ACEO, Harish Verma. \"The traffic department as well as the Authority staff have tried many times in the past to put an end to the unauthorized parking in the area, but to no effect. However, this time we have decided to get together with the district police so that stringent penal measure scan be taken against the errant vehicle owners,\" Verma said.\"The unauthorized and haphazard parking on the roads and pavements results in disturbing the free flow of traffic in and around the area and hence, regular traffic snarls are reported. As soon as we get a nod from the police, we will start a crackdown against unauthorized parking across the Knowledge Park area to put an end to the parking and traffic problems,\" Verma said. The Authority plans to start the drive by the end of this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200287", "title": "No change in policy to fill up engineering seats", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite sharp criticism, the state has no plans to do away with the existing norm of granting engineering admissions to HS science students with more than 45% in the aggregate, to fill seats lying vacant after admitting West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination (WBJEE) candidates and those with engineering diplomas.Inspite of stiff resistance from Jadavpur University (JU) and Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU), saying that the move would erode quality of engineering students, the government was unfazedeven chose to ignore.Education minister Bratya Basu's declaration on Monday, that the government would not deviate from the policy, contradicts the Joint Entrance Board's move on Saturday to award ranks only till 90,000 in WBJEE 2013. This was aimed at preserving the quality of engineering students.\"We have consciously taken the decision (to cap WBJEE ranks till 90,000) so that we do not compromise on the quality of students which has remained a concern for the government,\" said Basu. He, however, added that the government had no plans to do away with the current norm of offering engineering seats to HS science students with more than 45% in the aggregate in case seats are available even after admitting all students who have secured a rank in the WBJEE.\"The number of empty seats in engineering is huge. After several rounds of counselling, there were around 10,000 vacant seats in 2012. A substantial number of seats were filled through WBJEE ranks and from All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and very few students were taken merely on the basis of HS results. This method is also followed in other states. This is the last priority,\" said a higher education department source. The first priority for engineering admissions is given to students from WBJEE ranks followed by AIEEE ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200823", "title": "Man injured after maanja cuts his neck", "text": "CHENNAI: A 59-year-old man suffered injuries on Sunday when a maanja (glass-coated thread used to fly kites) cut his neck while he was riding his motorbike on Mint flyover in Sowcarpet. Police later arrested a 19-year-old boy for flying a kite using maanja.Police said S M Ansari, a retired clerk with Madras high court, was returning home to Washermanpet on a motorcycle after visiting a friend in Royapuram when the incident took place. Ansari felt a thread entangle his neck. He lost balance of his bike and fell off his bike on Mint flyover. Passersby rushed Ansari to the Stanley Medical College Hospital where doctors operated and removed pieces of glass from his neck. His condition is said to be stable.Washermenpet police resgistered a case under IPC Section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and arrested Ramesh, 19, of Korukkupet for using maanja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17203339", "title": "Top Pakistan Peoples Party leaders attend dinner held in honour of Nitish Kumar", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Several top leaders of the Pakistan Peoples Party-led government, including religious affairs minister Khursheed Shah, attended a dinner held in honour of visiting Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and his delegation in the federal capital on Tuesday.The dinner, hosted by Indian deputy high commissioner Gopal Bagley at a hotel in Islamabad, was devoid of speeches and formalities and afforded Kumar and his delegation an opportunity to interact with government leaders and senior lawmakers from various political parties.Besides Shah, the event was attended by Faisal Karim Kundi, deputy speaker of the National Assembly or lower house of parliament, former federal minister Asim Hussain, a close aide of President Asif Ali Zardari , lawmakers of the PPP, PML-N, PML-Q, Awami National Party and Muttahida Qaumi Movement and senior journalists.Kumar and his delegation arrived in Islamabad after a whirlwind tour of the southern province of Sindh.Kumar completed his tour of the Sindh province by attending a reception hosted by governor Ishrat-ul-Ebad.In his brief address at the reception, Kumar said he had come in close contact with Pakistani people during his tour and learnt a lot about the country.\"I am going to Islamabad with a stronger belief that Pakistan and India must work together for peace and prosperity in South Asia region as we share lot of common values and aims,\" Kumar said.Kumar said he was happy to see that Indo-Pak ties were warming up at the provincial and parliamentary levels and said there was need for more exchanges of provincial heads.\"It is a positive development and we can learn from each other's experience of good governance,\" he said.Since he arrived in Karachi on Friday evening, Kumar has interacted with Sindh chief minister Qaim Ali Shah and his colleagues, toured the historic site of Mohenjodaro, visited an ancient Hindu temple and addressed a Hindu panchayat.The Chief Minister, who was feted by the PPP-led government in Sindh, used most of his public interactions to highlight the growth of Bihar and his efforts to control crime in what was one of the most lawless states in India.Kumar, who belongs to Janata Dal (United) party, also shared his government's efforts to promote girls education by providing them free syllabus, uniforms and even bicycles.He has also spoken of the need for India and Pakistan to co-exist peacefully and work for good governance.While addressing the Hindu panchayat in the heart of Sindh on Monday, Kumar said: \"I have brought a message of peace, love and brotherhood from India.\"Frequent exchange of delegations would further improve relationship between the two countries, he said.Kumar and his delegation visited the historical Sadho Belo temple near Sukkur, the Indus valley civilization ruins of Mohenjodaro and the Bhutto family's mausoleum at Garhi Khuda Baksh near Larkana.He was overwhelmed while visiting the Mohanjodaro site that dates back 5000 years and said it reinforced his belief that India and Pakistan need to work closely together as they share many common values.Kumar will address a gathering at the Institute of Strategic Studies Islamabad on Wednesday before holding separate meetings with federal minister Farzana Raja, who heads the government's flagship poverty alleviation programme, and Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf chief Imran Khan .In the evening, Kumar and his delegation will call on President Asif Ali Zardari.Kumar will also visit Lahore during his week-long maiden tour of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17201420", "title": "Smog, cracker smoke trigger allergies: Doctors", "text": "Stubble burning in the state has already caused much smog and bursting of crackers during Diwali is likely to aggravate the situation. Exposure to polluted air has increased the risk of naso-bronchial allergies such as asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary (COPD) disease, bronchitis, skin allergies and even eye problems.Director of Chandigarh meteorological department Surinder Pal said: \"Smog is temporary but levels increase during Diwali. This affects health and reduces visibility by 5-10%.\"Senior consultant of pulmonary medicine at S P S Apollo Hospital Dr Gurpreet Singh said, \"Pollutant levels are very high during Diwali and people suffering from allergies should avoid going outside. We see around 20 patients every day who suffer from naso-bronchial allergy.\"Also, hospitals are prepared to deal with burn injuries from crackers. \"We have a special disaster management ward set up for any emergencies during the celebrations,\" said Dr Sandeep Puri, head of department of medicine at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital. Injuries are common during Diwali and many hospitals report of patients suffering from physical eye injuries.Dr Satish Jacob, professor of ophthalmology at Christian Medical College and Hospital, said, \"People often come in suffering from itching in the eyes which happens due to increased smog.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199568", "title": "State Cong chief renews attack on NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely 24 hours after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan played down the rift between the Congress and its ally, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Congress state party president Manikrao Thakre on Monday drew fresh blood.Hitting out at the NCP for targeting the chief minister, Thakre said these statements were detrimental to a \"healthy environment\" between the alliance partners.The NCP state president had recently criticized the working style of Chavan and had even dubbed him 'gutless'. Thakre said the NCP state president ought to consider what he was saying while speaking about the CM. Thakre justified his earlier remark over the high percentage of goons in the NCP claiming that it was only a riposte to a similar remark made against the Congress by home minister R R Patil.On Sunday, the CM had told newsmen there was no bitterness between the partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204632", "title": "Not Hrithik, but new faces in Shekhar Kapoor's 'Paani'", "text": "Plans of casting Hrithik Roshan in his next film Paani have now been aborted. One understands that Shekhar Kapoor is all set to start Paani, his dream project which he has been nurturing for 4 years, with newcomers in the cast.According to sources, the futuristic love story set in an acutely water-challenged Mumbai would feature an Indian male debutante and a new Caucasian female face. The love saga is set in two mutually exclusive areas of an imaginary Mumbai. The 'upper city' and the 'lower city'.The upper city housing the super-rich elite would be shown to have cornered most of the city's scarce water supply. Paani is essentially a rich-poor love story where the economically-challenged hero from the water-starved lower city sneaks into the upper city to romance the rich haughty neo-princess. The film, patterned on the lines of Robert Wise's West Side Story, will finally go on the floors this summer. It is expected to have loads of music and songs.When asked about the cast, Shekhar doesn't deny his partiality towards newcomers. Says the director, \"Whether it is here in Mumbai or in the West, I usually work with new people. The cast factor has never stopped from making my films the way I want to. Let's see. I first need to be psychologically ready to shoot.\"We hear the landscape for Shekhar's futuristic Mumbai may be built outside idea, probably in Spain. At the moment, Shekhar is not saying anything about the location. But in an earlier interview, he had said, \"I'd shoot Paani anywhere where I'd get the intellectual and geographical space to build my city of a water-challenged future. At the moment, we're exploring the modalities and the feasibility of the venue for shooting.\"Shekhar is amused by new reports that Danny Boyle is producing Paani . \"Where do these stories come from? Nothing has been confirmed with Danny as yet.\"Shekhar's next immediate assignment is likely to a be a music video for his daughter Kaveri. \"It's entirely up to her when she wants to shoot it. I am completely at her disposal,\" says the doting father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199080", "title": "Plane scare: Man made hoax call to settle scores with business partner", "text": "MUMBAI: A business deal gone wrong was behind Saturday's bomb scare on a Delhi-bound flight. The police on Monday arrested an engineer who had called GoAir and said that one of the passengers was a \"suicide bomber\". The call had turned out to be a hoax and more than 200 passengers were inconvenienced.Investigations showed that Menon had a dispute with his business partner Ambarish Parikh and made the call to stop the latter from leaving for Delhi. Senior inspector (crime branch unit-8) Deepak Phatangre said, \"We picked up Menon on suspicion. During questioning, he admitted that he had made the call. He had used bogus documents to procure a SIM card which he used to make the call.\"Recently, Menon won a contract from an Oman-based educational institution to train its 320 students for the IIT entrance exam through a vocational course. As Menon had no experience in vocational training, he contacted Delhi-based Parikh through a common acquaintance. Menon was supposed to take care of the financial requirements while Parikh was to design the study module and train the aspirants.Last week, Parikh arrived in Mumbai for the second time with a detailed training programme. He asked Menon for advance payment, and the duo had a dispute over this. Menon tried to persuade Parikh that they could sort out their differences and work together. But Parikh refused and said he was leaving for Delhi. Menon then called up the airline. Parikh was detained and Menon's name cropped up during his interrogation. He has been sent to police custody till November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17201850", "title": "Free apps help people meet and greet", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201400", "title": "Iffi delegates: Over 12,000 and counting, says Wagh", "text": "PANAJI: Over 12,000 delegates are expected to attend this year's International Film Festival of India (Iffi), as against the participation of 8,000 delegates at last year's festival, Vishnu Wagh, vice-chairperson of the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), said. Ten thousand delegates have already registered, he said.\"We have received a stupendous response for the delegate registration this year. The number of delegates has crossed the 10,000 mark and we are hoping for a delegate registration between 12,000 and 13,000. Delegates continue to register even paying the late fees,\" Wagh said.The film screening venues-Kala Academy, Maquinez Palace and Inox-at the 43{+r}{+d} Iffi have a capacity to accommodate only 1,800 delegates at a time. But Wagh said that it would not lead to a mad rush for film screenings as the facility to book tickets in advance will enable delegates to gauge the availability of seats prior to the screenings. \"Besides, many delegates who come from outside the state do not stay on for the entire 10 days of the festival and plan a four-five day trip,\" he said. Distribution of delegate cards began on Monday.Wagh said that the festival guests will begin arriving from November 18 onwards and that the illumination of Panaji city for the festival will be completed around the same time. \"All arrangements to give Panaji city a new look are nearing completion. This week, we are expecting specially-hired projectionists, technicians and engineers to arrive in Goa to inspect all the projection facilities and take care of the systems for the festival,\" Wagh said. A special facility is being constructed by the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation at a cost of 1.23 crore for the festival's opening ceremony at the football ground next to the Kala Academy. Wagh said that the construction has already begun and will be able to accommodate 2,700 persons, which is the highest number to witness the opening ceremony since Goa began hosting Iffi.\"The cost inflated this year because of this facility, but we had to construct it for convenience of delegates and public,\" Wagh said, adding that 2 crore of the 9 crore required for hosting Iffi was raised through sponsors this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205007", "title": "Emotional scenes are tiring: Sneha Wagh", "text": "It is not a cakewalk to do high voltage emotional scenes on TV shows, says Sneha Wagh, best known for her title role in \" Jyoti\". She says that melodramatic sequences are often tiring.\"People think that actors cry with glycerine. But when you emote, you see how much mental strength goes into it,\" Sneha told IANS.\"By the end of the day, I am tired. You can't think about anything and there are times when you get mentally blocked as well,\" she added.Currently her character is going through an emotional setback in the ongoing show \" Veera\" ( Star Plus).Considering the impact of such roles on her personal life, the actress tries to detach herself from her character after pack up.\"It does affect me personally. Once I am home, music is the best thing for me. It works for me so well. I try to talk to my family and sister. That's the best stress buster for me,\" she said.Her first Hindi show \"Jyoti\" went on air in 2009 and was wrapped up in 2010. After that Sneha was not seen on small screen.Why did you stay away from TV for so long?\"I was too tired after doing 'Jyoti' ,\" she said, and added that shooting was hectic and that she didn't get time for herself.\"For a couple of months, I was just being myself, staying with my family. I also wanted to try my hand at direction, so I did a filmmaking course in Britain,\" she said.Another reason for not doing shows was that she wanted to get out of the \"Jyoti\" image trap.\" Jyoti was a very powerful character. To get our of that mould, it was very important to get some time away from TV and then get back. I guess it affects a lot. No doubt people would compare me... but now it is different,\" she said.Talking about her character in \"Veera\" , produced by Beyond Dreams Productions, she said it had no resemblance to her role of a daughter, the sole breadwinner in the family, in \"Jyoti\".\"There is no hint of comparison. I look so different. The maturity level is different of both the characters,\" said Sneha who plays a homemaker in \"Veera\" .She entered Hindi TV after working in Marathi theatre and television for three years.\"Working in Marathi TV is different. There are different budgets for Marathi shows. The actors are very powerful. I was new and raw (at that time). They used to make fun of my re-takes. It (Marathi cinema) polishes your talent, and the same thing happened with me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201126", "title": "Goa industrial development corporation panel to probe plot ownership by its staff", "text": "PANAJI: The ownership of plots in industrial estates by the staff of the Goa industrial development corporation was on Monday referred to a specially-constituted sub-committee headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who is also the chairman of the GIDC board of directors.The issue of allotment and transfer of plots to GIDC staff members rocked the corporation in June 2011 when a deputy general manager of the corporation was suspended for allegedly getting plots transferred to his kin. This was in violation of GIDC rules.The decision to refer the issue to a sub-committee was taken at a meeting of the GIDC board of directors on Monday.Parrikar told TOI after the board meeting that the sub-committee will deal with the issue of plots owned by GIDC employees and also work on the policy for the transfer of plots. Reliable sources said that the sub-committee has yet another mandate: to look into the controversial transfer of about 50,000 sq m plot from Mehul Developers to Watson Pharma private limited at Verna.Parrikar said the sub-committee will look into these issues and put up its recommendations to the GIDC board for initiating necessary action. But the sub-committee has to finalize its findings and recommendations and submit it to the board when it meets in the next fifteen days, tentatively November 27.The five-member sub-committee, chaired by Parrikar will also include the president of the Goa chamber of commerce and industry Manguirish Pai Raikar, president of the Goa small industries association Shekhar Sardessai, industrialist Blaise Costabir and GIDC board member Rajiv Neugi.The board also discussed issues like acquisition of land for the expansion of the industrial estates in Goa. While the board deliberated on the need to implement properly the GIDC guidelines for the allocation of plots, the board will no longer be involved in the actual allocation. The board will only look after policy matters, sources said.The GIDC will henceforth be very strict about utilization of the plots allotted to industries. If an industry obtains a plot from the GIDC but does not put it to use, the GIDC will take it back and the concerned industry will forfeit the money it had paid, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17201704", "title": "Refinery may hit wildlife", "text": "JAISALMER: The habitats of thousands of chinkaras, cobras , desert fox, cats and other beasts are likely to be severely affected if the proposed refinery is set up in Lelana area of Barmer, according to the forest department .The HPCL, which will set up the refinery, will be sending a special team to study the eco system of the area in December and prepare a report for the Centre.Sources said the forest department in a meeting with the district administration and HPCL authorities, has suggested a rescue centre for the wildlife.According to BR Bhadu, district forest officer (DFO), Barmer, \"There are large number of chinkara, desert fox, desert cat, snakes, monitor lizards, birds which will fall prey to the refinery if it is set up near Lelana village in Barmer. Many of these species have already crept into the \"extinct\" category.\"\"There are many pits in the area where snakes, desert fox, desert cat, Chandan Gol and other species live but due to refinery these species may be forced to flee. In such a situation , for their rehabilitation , many suggestions were given by the forest department to the district collector Barmer and HPCL officers meeting held for preparations for refinery two days ago,\" he added.He said considering the seriousness of the that due to wildlife getting affected due to setting up of refinery, HPCL will probably in the next month send a special team and get the environment study done and will submit the entire report to the central government.On the other hand, on Saturday , in the coordination meeting between the district administration and HPCL at the collector's office in Barmer , the area forest officer Deepak Choudhary, who was present in the meeting said that forest department in regard to the setting up of the refinery gave many suggestions about the environment and wildlife protection including the rehabilitation of the wildlife that would get disturbed . He said due to the refinery , wildlife may have to leave their natural habitat and possibilities of these animals meeting with accidents were also not ruled out. In such a situation, wildlife ambulance , rescue ambulance and other resources should be provided.Choudhary said the area where it is proposed to set up refinery is adjoining the desert national park and here desert wildlife species are found in abundance.He said HPCL officers in the meeting agreed to develop a green belt for the environment and plant Khejadi, Kumbat and other species for desert vegetation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201419", "title": "Cultural performances in 10 villages during Iffi", "text": "PANAJI: The Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) plans to hold peripheral activities of cultural programmes during the 10-day International Film Festival of India (Iffi) in 10 villages across Goa, where local artistes will be able to showcase their talent, ESG vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh said on Monday. Wagh said that the programmes will not be a part of Iffi but will only use the festival as a background against which the programmes will be scheduled. He said that the events will cost the state close to 2 crore.\"There is also good news for visual artists for whom we have reserved the area from Campal to the Kala Academy. They can display their artworks so it will become a matter of attraction for delegates,\" Wagh said. He said that artists will also be able to put up their works for sale if they wish to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200222", "title": "Investors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 date with Kolkata next month", "text": "KOLKATA: Two months after the Union commerce ministry and the CII shifted out a mega investor meet from Kolkata to Agra following Mamata Banerjee's decision to pull out of the UPA, here's Bengal Inc's opportunity to refurbish its sagging image.The city will host a mega three-day international industrial conference starting December 14 in which the chief minister will be a speaker along with novelist Jeffery Archer, investment guru Marc Faber, top-notch Indian politicians and Bollywood badshahs.While Mamata's participation in industry conferences is unusual, the greater rarity is choosing Kolkata as a venue for the investors' meet. Even a Ficci executive committee meet in the city last Wednesday fizzled out because of low turnout. Therefore, the Young President's Organisation (YPO)-World President's Organisation (WPO) meet is perhaps the best thing that could have happened to the beleaguered state government in a long time. The slogan for the conference is \"Let Calcutta Surprise You\".The assorted participants will comprise intelligence heads from US, UK and Israel, spiritual guru Jaggi Vasudev and the chiefs of the Army and Navy. Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla, Rahul Bhatia of Indigo Airlines, Union power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia, heavy industries minister Praful Patel and Union minister of state for HRD Sashi Tharoor have confirmed their participation.The 85 YPO-WPO members from Kolkata who will attend the meet include the group's city founder-member Sanjeev Goenka, Harsh Neotia, Karan Paul, Utsav Par-ekh, Rajeev Jhawar, Hemant Goenka and Devanjan Mandal of Fox and Mandal.Bengal's brand ambassador Shah Rukh Khan and a host of Bollywood actors will notch up the glamour quotient, but Amitabh Bachchan is yet to confirm his presence.Hotel rooms in the city are already booked for the 200-odd delegates from India and abroad, many of whom are expected to arrive in their private jets.A spokesman at Hyatt Regency said: \"The YPO-WPO event is a major business boost for us. Already 200 out of our 233 rooms have been booked for the December dates.\"Founded in New York in 1950, YPO is a global network of young chief executives with around 20,000 members in more than 100 countries. YPO and its graduate organisation share a founding mission: Better Leaders through Education and Idea Exchange. A film on the conference titled \"Roll Cal Roll\" using hand shadowgraphy has gone viral on the Net with over 3 million views.City members of YPO, however, are tight-lipped on the mega event. Neither Jyoti Vardhan Sonthalia, event chairman, nor co-event chairman Akshay Poddar, were available for comments. It is learnt that the organisers are skirting media hype in order to abide by stringent YPO rules which call for absolute secrecy and confidentiality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17201223", "title": "With warming, Antarctic sea ice grows", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered that unlike the dramatic losses in the Arctic , the Antarctic sea ice cover has increased under the effects of climate change.The first direct evidence that marked changes to Antarctic sea ice drift occurring over the last 20 years in response to changing winds has been explained by scientists from NERC's British Antarctic Survey (BAS) and Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory (JPL), Pasadena California.Maps created by JPL using over 5 million individual daily ice motion measurements captured over a period of 19 years by four US Defence Meteorological satellites show, for the first time, the long-term changes in sea ice drift around Antarctica. \"Until now these changes in ice drift were only speculated upon, using computer models of Antarctic winds. This study of direct satellite observations shows the complexity of climate change,\" lead author, Paul Holland of BAS said. \"The total Antarctic sea-ice cover is increasing slowly, but individual regions are actually experiencing much larger gains and losses that are almost offsetting each other overall.\"We now know that these regional changes are caused by changes in the winds, which in turn affect the ice cover through changes in both ice drift and air temperature. The changes in ice drift also suggest large changes in the ocean surrounding Antarctica, which is very sensitive to the cold and salty water produced by sea-ice growth,\" he said.He noted that \"sea ice is constantly on the move; around Antarctica the ice is blown away from the continent by strong northward winds. Since 1992 this ice drift has changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201653", "title": "Stop! see what you eat!", "text": "JAIPUR: So far, 65 out of the 284 samples of sweets and mawa tested by the health department failed the purity test. This Diwali, sweets vendors were on the medical health and family welfare department's radar.The department collected around 1,450 samples of sweets, mawa, and other food items from October 25 till Diwali from across the state.The department had collected samples of food items ahead of Diwali under the newly implemented Food Safety and Standard Act. This is for the first time the health department was given the responsibility to check adulteration of food items as per the Act. Since, a different Act was in force earlier, it was the district administration which was leading the raids. But, now health department has been given the responsibility to keep a check on food items being sold in the market.A department official said that the 65 samples of sweets and mawa were containing starch, palm oil, vanaspati ghee and other sub standard ingredients, these samples were found substandard and some of them were unsafe.There are six laboratories - Jodhpur, Udaipur, Jaipur, Kota, Alwar and Ajmer where the samples of food items are tested. A department official said that under the Act, there is a provision of testing the samples within 14 days of receiving it. So, the department has collected around 1,450, all the laboratories are continuously working hard to test the samples within the deadlines. So far, 285 samples have been tested and out of them 65 were found to be sub-standard, mixed-branding and contaminated-unsafe.\"He said that the rest of the samples are also being analyzed and the laboratory officials claimed that they would complete the testing within the deadline of 14 days after receiving the samples.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "17200659", "title": "Jhajjar diyas to illuminate Mumbai", "text": "JHAJJAR: The earthen diyas made in Rohtak and Jhajjar towns of Haryana will illuminate the city of the stars - Mumbai - on Diwali night.The diyas made by the potters here are in huge demand in the tinsel town and around 40 truckloads - each truck loaded with five lakh diyas - have been supplied to Mumbai and Pune this year.Even though the traditional Diwali pottery items have been facing tough competition everywhere from the Chinese diyas, including factory-made plaster-of-Paris diyas, the craze for earthen diyas in Mumbai has not gone down.Inderpal Khohal, the national award winning potter from Jhajjar town told TOI on Monday that the demand for earthen diyas from Mumbai has given the much-needed push to clay artisans. \"Around 40 wholesale dealers from Mumbai have been placing orders for diyas every year for the past more than 15 years. The demand has registered a 5-10% increase every year,\" said Khohal.There are around 100 families of potters in Jhajjar and Rohtak districts who are engaged in making diyas to fulfil the demand for bulk supply and work round the year.According to Khohal, a celebrated potter whose name has been recommended by the Haryana government for Padma Shri award this year, it was a tough job making over two crore diyas. \"The potters have to work hard. While they start preparations for this a month before Diwali, work picks up momentum six months before the festival,\" he said.Diya-making has developed into an unorganized industry in these two districts with around 100 families completely depending on this for their livelihood, he added.Khohal revealed that it all started around one and a half decades ago, when some Mumbai clay artisan fans got impressed by his work during an exhibition in Delhi. Shortly after that, the wholesale contractors from Mumbai contacted him.According to Javed Khan, a Mumbai-based dealer, earthen diyas from Jhajjar region are in huge demand and have a near-complete grip in the entire market of Mumbai and Pune. \"Apart from simple diyas, which are durable due to the quality of earth used in making them, the designer diyas of these artisans are very attractive and have managed to secure a special customer base in upper markets of Mumbai,\" he said.Krishan Kumar, another potter, revealed that other pottery items like tree diya, paan diya, Ganesh diya, Ganesh thali, nariyal kalash and lobandani fetch higher prices but only a few potters know how to make them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17204335", "title": "Hanuman Jayanti adds to festivity in Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The temples of Lord Hanuman in the city were decked up for Hanuman Jayanti which was celebrated on Monday. Apart from the decoration of Hanuman idols, a shobha yatra was also taken out to mark the occasion.Although Hanuman Jayanti is also celebrated during the month of Chaitra, the same is celebrated on Chhoti Diwali. \"The day is also called Narak-Chaturdashi or more popularly as Chhoti Diwali which falls on the 14th day of the month of Kartik. This festival is observed to commemorate the victory of Lord Krishna over the demon king Narkasur. This day is also celebrated as the birthday of Hanumanji,\" said Ram Naresh Tripathi. The day bears significance as on this day Hanumanji reached Ayodhya to deliver the message of Lord Rama's return.Just like Diwali, people light diyas on Chhoti Diwali to fill their homes with light, worship Goddess Laxmi and burst firecrackers.All the major as well as smaller temples of the city, decorated the idol of Hanumanji and the devotees apply tilak of sindoor (vermilion) their foreheads from the Hanumans body as this is considered to be good luck. According to the legend, when Sita was applying vermilion, Lord Hanuman asked the reason behind it and she replied it was for the long life of her husband Rama. Hanuman then smeared his entire body with sindoor, in an effort to ensure Rama's immortality.Various temples of the city, Bade Hanuman Ji in Civil Lines, Bade Hanumanji of Sangam along with smaller temples like the one opposite to High Court and PAC lines of Dhoomanganj, were decorated. The Hanuman idols were decorated with flowers. Devotees made a beeline to temples since temples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mopirla", "code": "17201140", "title": "Konkani film screened where it was shot", "text": "MOPIRLA: How does it feel to be in a village with lush green and hilly landscape and see the same locales on the screen at the same time?Morpirla villagers went through this wonderful experience on Saturday evening while watching the internationally acclaimed Konkani film 'Poltoddicho munis'. Around 400 locals watched the movie on a giant screen free of cost. Most of the film was shot in the dense forests of Morpirla three years ago.As the curtains went up for the screening, there was a thunderous applause with the young and old spontaneously reacting to the familiar sights. They were pleased to see many of their near and dear ones performing in the film.Well-known director Laxmikanth Shetgoankar's first Konkani film won around 6 national and international awards. The film is a depiction of Goa and its social fabric. He has decided to screen the film free of cost in all remote villages of Goa.Vinayak, a forest guard, is the main character of the film and patrols the protected lands. A mad woman intrudes into his life. He feels pity for her and feeds her and takes cares of her. Finally, she becomes pregnant and Vinayak is the object of the people's suspicion.Before the free screening, a get together was held. Prakash A Velip, a resident of Morpirla was the special guest at the function. He expressed happiness that his village shot to international fame after the film. \"Goans as well as foreigners have started visiting our village for its scenic beauty,\" he said.Speaking on the occasion, Shetgaonkar said, \"Without the sincere contribution of the villagers it would have been impossible for the film to be a great success.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur/new delhi", "code": "17199584", "title": "BJP rift exposed: RSS leader says Modi needling Gadkari", "text": "NAGPUR/NEW DELHI: Factional fault lines in the BJP over the demand that party president Nitin Gadkari quit over controversial business dealings relating to the Purti group have been exposed with RSS veteran M G Vaidya blaming Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for masterminding attacks on the leader.Vaidya's blog stating the \"needle of suspicion\" for the campaign against Gadkari pointed to Gujarat set the cat among the pigeons in BJP-RSS circles as the former ideologue openly said what has been whispered in defence of the BJP chief by factions apprehensive about Modi's rise.BJP leaders favouring Gadkari have argued that he should not be judged by a \"media trial\". Some of these leaders are not as enamoured with Gadkari as they are worried that the scenario after his exit may not suit their interests. There are others who feel more proof is needed before Gadkari is asked to go.Coming in the midst of Modi's campaign for a third successive term as CM, Vaidya's remarks forced the BJP to run for cover, denying the \"insinuation\" and claiming that all leaders were united in seeking an electoral victory for the party in the western state.The RSS was also forced to state that the views did not reflect its thinking but Vaidya's comments only served to highlight divisions within it over deciding whether its protege, who it nominated over senior BJP leaders as party chief, should stay or go.The chasm in the RSS, according to some, has seen the organization's Maharashtra leaders, mainly brahmans, stoutly defending Gadkari just as the state BJP unit is. However, there are other RSS leaders who are not so sure about Gadkari continuing as some feel he may be a liability in view of the controversy surrounding Purti.Vaidya's son, Modi at oddsM G Vaidya has set the cat among the pigeons by blaming Gujarat CM Narendra Modi for masterminding attacks on BJP president Nitin Gadkari.Modi supporters and his allies in BJP maintain Gadkari's troubles are of his own making and that they have little to do with revelations about the dealings of the Purti group founded by the Nagpur-based leader or the investors who poured funds into the venture.Vaidya's unhindered observations prompted Gadkari to issue a statement describing the allegations regarding Modi as \"unfounded\" but this hardly quelled conspiracy theories about alignments within the BJP and the RSS over the party president and the saffron icon.The split in the BJP over whether Gadkari should immediately put in his papers has seen leaders like Yashwant Sinha and Jaswant Singh supporting Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani's view that propriety demands that the party chief must resign forthwith. They were joined by national executive member Jagdish Shettigar.The RSS so far has accepted the \"clean chit\" handed to Gadkari by chartered accountant S Gurumurthy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d considered close to the Sangh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and has repeatedly said it will not be swayed by a \"media trial\". Yet, Vaidya's fulminations are sure to be deeply embarrassing as they reveal that the BJP's factional wars have percolated to the RSS as well.Vaidya has a reputation for stoking controversy. His criticism of Modi is said to be in part rooted in his son Manmohan and the Gujarat CM being at odds. However, the remarks came soon after Modi visited the RSS headquarters for a meeting seen as a bid to rally all saffron forces to the BJP's cause in Gujarat.The former RSS ideologue in his blog sought to link Jethmalani to Modi, seeing a design in the lawyer recently calling for the Gujarat CM's projection as the BJP's prime ministerial nominee. \"Jethmalani demanded Gadkari's resignation and, in the same breath, expressed his desire to project Modi as PM candidate for the 2014 elections. For me, this was a giveaway,\" Vaidya said.He did not retract even in the face of clarifications and said, \"He (Modi) has every right to aspire for the highest post in the country. But the way Jethmalani spoke against Gadkari and his son Mahesh resigned from the BJP executive were indicative of rumblings within the BJP. This public show of disunity may not augur well for a party hoping to win the next elections.\"Vaidya maintained that he, like the rank and file of the BJP, wanted to see a united party. But views expressed in the blog suggest that things are not going to be smooth for the party. He attacked Ram Jethmalani for not quitting his Rajya Sabha seat if he felt so strongly about Gadkari.RSS official spokesperson Ram Madhav said the views expressed in the blog by Vaidya were personal and that this was \"not the official RSS line\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201884", "title": "Police enhance vigilance, alert citizens to curb crimes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Festive shoppers who thronged jewellery stores to purchase gold on the auspicious Dhanteras day on Sunday saw heavy presence of policemen in important markets and commercial hubs of the city.City police have come up with a Diwali security plan to provide safe passage to people and traders immersed in festivities.Talking about the plans during Diwali, the senior city police officials stated that the security preparation is three pronged - prevention of thefts from homes and commercial establishments, prevention of hoodwinking of the citizens by fraudsters and prevention of chain snatching.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, had earlier called upon all the senior police officials of the western city parts and had briefed them about prevention of crime.\"Our teams have distributed thousands of stickers and leaflets informing citizens about how to prevent incidents like fake police dupery , chain snatching and assault on senior citizens. We've also trained guards with private security agencies in prevention of crimes,\" he said. City cops have browsed through previous crime records for strategic deployment of forces this Diwali.\"A mix of plain-clothed and uniformed policemen will be deployed on various city streets. We have kept surveillance on angadia firms, banks, jewellery shops and financial institutes to prevent robbery and theft. We also appeal to citizens to be more vigilant and not leave the cash or valuables unattended. Don't get distracted if somebody lures you with money or informs you about some accident or dirt on your vehicle ,\" said Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201396", "title": "Bishop's Diwali message", "text": "PUNE: Bishop of Pune Thomas Dabre in his Diwali message on Monday said the festival is an integral part of our cultural life and is an occasion which gives inspiration for a happy and fuller life.Extending his good wishes, he said the dream of Diwali, however, cannot be realized without the bedrock of morality and spirituality. Absence of morality and spirituality is at the root of all our problems. Strengthening the moral and spiritual fabric of society is an important need of the moment, he said.Dabre said we have to support all efforts to root out corruption. \"We are proud of various religions in our country. Philosophers, holy men and women and religious places are special feature of our country, and, therefore, it is really shameful and unbearable to have widespread corruption.'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200775", "title": "PM to review status of all highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry may seek to lower the target for awarding road contracts this fiscal on the back of private developers' lukewarm response. PM Manmohan Singh is scheduled to hold a review meeting on the status of all the highway projects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from awarding of operation and maintenance (OMTs), engineering-procurement-construction (EPC) and build-operate-transfer (BOT) contracts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on November 27.Government sources said the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has sought a report on the progress and also asked for a realistic target to award road projects this year. So far, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has awarded only 900 km of projects against its target of 8,300 km, while the ministry has made little progress to bid out about 1,300 km of national highways (NH) under the NH development programme. NHAI has constructed at least 1,200 km, which is almost 40% more in comparison to the corresponding period last year.Officials said the PMO has also asked the highways ministry to put forth the hurdles to awarding projects. \"We will seek the PMO's intervention to resolve the problems. If most of the outstanding issues are solved, we can clock 8,000 km this year,\" said an official.Sources said the ministry is likely to raise issues of banks not lending to contractors and the need to allow banks to increase their cap for lending for road projects. Earlier, the ministry had discussed with the finance minister of making 90% of the loan as \"secured\".Sources said the ministry would also raise the issue of projects held up due to green clearances and non-availability of soil and construction material for earth work. Even several issues escalated to the inter-ministerial group (IMG) are yet to be resolved and rounds of deliberations involving various ministries have come unstuck. On November 4, the PM had announced government's target to build 17,000km over the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17200543", "title": "Salem collector, DIG walk out of press meet", "text": "DHARMAPURI: The district collector and Salem deputy inspector general (DIG) of police walked out of a press meet organised by the National Commission for Scheduled Caste (NCSC) in Dharmapuri district on Monday, after a reporter accused police of failing in their duty, leading to the violence.The three-member team headed by P L Punia along with commission director D Venkatesan and member Latha Priyakumar had visited all three villages in Dharmapuri hit by communal riots on Monday to survey the damages. Collector R Lilly and Salem DIG Sanjay Kumar were also present during the media interaction. Punia said the district administration had informed the Tamil Nadu government that properties worth 3.5 crore had been damaged.However, as per their findings, the total damages were worth 6.95 crore. \"It is the government's responsibility to build new homes for the affected. We will submit our report to the Centre and try to get the necessary monetary benefits for the victims,\" said Punia.When P Sivakami, a retired IAS officer, now representing a Tamil magazine, asked questions on the failure of police to check the violence, the collector and the DIG walked out, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201094", "title": "Cops' women-friendly initiatives go bust", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A series of women-friendly initiatives of the city police, launched with much fanfare, have gone bust raising questions on the ability of the women cell of the police to respond effectively to emergency situations. Leading the list of failed initiatives, the much-touted police helpline for women has gone silent. The women helpline number 1091 is not functional in Kozhikode city limits. Any woman who seeks police assistance dialling this number will receive an answer \"This number does not exist. Please check the number you have dialled.\"The police have also put an end to their initiative of providing transportation assistance to women and children stranded at railway stations and bus stations in the city.Termed as the first-of-its-kind in the state, the project was introduced in the city in 2009 as an extension of the community policing scheme. Round-the-clock transportation assistance was offered to all who contacted the women helpline.The vehicle allotted to the helpline wing of the police was used to help women get back home safely. Vehicles allotted to Kasaba, Panniyankara and Chemmangad police station under janamaitri scheme were also used by the cops to help women in need of assistance.The initiative was introduced following the complaints that it was difficult for women to get autorickshaws or taxis during night. The initiative also aimed to reduce the number of crime against women.Besides, night patrols at railway station and bus stand by women helpline has also come to an end making life miserable for women who reach the city during night.\"Police have the responsibility to protect women from the lecherous anti-socials who approach young girls and middle aged alike with voluptuous gaze,\" said J Seena, a student of Pondicherry University. Many women working and studying in other states reach railway station and bus station during odd hours, she added with a plea to restart the transportation assistance by helpline.\"The service was a blessing for a woman like me who is staying alone and have no one to pick me up from the city during night hours,\" said Saraswathy Jagannathan, a 65 year old housewife.\"Shortage of women cops makes it a difficult task for the police to continue the service, said a women cop. Besides, the directive to withdraw women cops from night duty also forced us to stop service during night,\" she added.\"However, we are doing our best to ensure the safety of women by carrying out patrolling in different locations during day time,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205982", "title": "Pirates outsmart Agent Jadoo", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The appearance of fresh torrents of Mohanlal-starrer Spirit seems to have weakened the claims of Agent Jadoo, the software that is supposed to protect new movie releases against piracy. In addition to the torrents, three full-length versions of Spirit have also appeared on Youtube. So far the movie has garnered 219,881 views.Spirit was one of the movies for which Agent Jadoo had assured protection. But the website of Agent Jadoo now shows that its protection has expired. \"It does not make sense. When somebody uploads the movie despite the assurance of protection, you can't say that the protection has expired,\" an IT expert said.At present, a film producer who wants the protection of Agent Jadoo is charged 2% of the satellite rights, and the period of protection usually lasts for two or three months. Later when the DVD of the film is released the person who takes the DVD right has to pay10% of the DVD rights again.Cyber experts point out that presently no pirated versions of movie appear within the first three months of release. This could be due to the lack of an informal CD economy as well as need for high quality prints.Bare, founder and promoter of Agent Jadoo, says that they try to convince producers about the need for long-term protection. \"Often, producers are interested in ensuring protection for three months. If the DVD rights owner wants protection, he will have to pay separately,\" says Bare.Meanwhile, Jadoo has already produced an 'expired' tag for the movie Thattathin Marayathu on its website. \"Its DVD will be launched on November 14. We can expect some torrents as well. Hence it is a wise move to declare that the protection has expired,\" another IT expert points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17200990", "title": "International band lifts the hill town's spirits up", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: 'Aradhna', a four-member international band, entertained the crowds with their enthralling fusion music at Hebron School's auditorium in Ooty on Saturday. The concert was held to raise funds for a human rights organization, 'Freedom Firm' based in the Nilgiris. The organization focuses on rescuing minor girls involved in sex trafficking across the country.The international band blends traditional Indian devotional music with Christ-centered themes, composed primarily in the Hindi language, in addition to Bihari, Bhojpuri, Marathi and Nepalese. The co-founders of the band, Chris Hale, lead vocalist and Sitar player, Peter Hicks, acoustic guitar player form the core of the band in addition to Travis MecAfee, bass player. Narain Udhayakumar, from Hyderabad accompanied the band on the tabula.The soul touching fusion bajan, 'Easwar Mere Athyanand' received a big round of applause from the audience. \"The name 'Aradhna' means 'adoration' in Hindi,\" said Hicks. The band members were interested in creating an authentic sound for Indian Christ-centered worship which had so far relied heavily on western hymns and contemporary worship. \"To make this possible the band turned to Indian devotional bhajans known as 'bhakthi', expressing faith in God,\" said Hicks.According to Hicks, Hale primarily dons the hat of the songwriter because of his fluency in Hindi. Inspired by 'Olio,' a US based band that plays fusion music, in which Hale was formerly a band member, 'Aradhna' focuses on North Indian fusion music.Performing across the US from Los Angeles to New York, Aradhna has found audiences on several university campuses, where a few offered to be guest artists. The band has also had a global audience at summer music festivals in the US and Europe.It is impossible for one to listen to Aradhna without a sense that there is something much deeper than the music itself. \"Our band was formed with higher aspirations, to make music centered on spiritual enlightenment\".Aradhna's front man Hale, an American, spent his childhood and adolescence in south Asia, where he gained fluency in Nepali and Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201342", "title": "Indian council of agricultural research assures help in setting up agriculture college", "text": "PANAJI: Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR) has assured its assistance to Goa government in setting up an agriculture college in the state and has okayed a proposal to set up an examination centre for students pursuing agro courses.These were some of the Goa-specific issues discussed at the 22nd regional council meeting of region VII, comprising Goa, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh at Dona Paula on November 9 and 10.Director general of ICAR, S Ayyappan and officials from other centres discussed various issues at the meeting.\"If Goa government comes up with a proposal to set up an agriculture college, Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidhyapith, can grant it the recognition,\" N P Singh, director, ICAR, Old Goa said.While this proposal is in the domain of Goa government to act upon, ICAR has agreed to set up an examination centre for students in post graduate and undergraduate courses in agriculture. \"We have tentatively decided to conduct exams at ICAR research complex Old Goa, but the centre will be definitely in Goa,\" Singh added.At present, the nearest centre for students is either Dapoli in Maharashtra or Dharwad in Karnataka.As the number of seats for Goan students at the Dapoli University is only nine, the regional meeting mooted an increase in quota for them.The premier agricultural research institution also assured technological support to improve production of rice, cashew, and horticultural crops in Goa. Crop management includes technical back up to tackle pests, soil management and other inputs.\"We will also help the state in conducting research in khazan land,\" Singh said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201826", "title": "Three held for abducting 18-year-old", "text": "NAGPUR: An 18-year-old youth was allegedly kidnapped and threatened by a group of four over a trivial issue on Saturday. Shubham Dhoble, who takes painting contracts, claimed that his abductors thrashed him and were about to lock him up but he managed to escape.Ajni police have arrested Narendra Nagar resident Ketan Dongre (21), Badal Gajbhiye (21) of Rambagh and Vicky Bamnet of Ganeshpeth. Only the king pin Rohit Ambedkar, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar, is still absconding. Police said all four accused have petty crime records while Rohit is a notorious criminal.According to the police complaint by Dhoble, he was abducted on Saturday while he was walking through Wanjari Nagar and was stopped by the four. He claimed that the youths gagged him and forced him to sit in a car and took him to nearby railway crossing.Dhoble alleged that he was severely thrashed at the railway crossing but he managed to flee. He claimed that since it was too late in the night, he avoided filing a police complaint. Later, on Sunday, Dhoble was passing through Chandramani nagar when again two of the four youths came on bike and stopped him.He said that the youths threatened him of dire consequences at knife point and fled away. Frightened by the second incident, Dhoble lodged a police complaint on Sunday night.Police said that Dhoble was known to leak secrets of one criminal gang to another. Hence, he had been threatened earlier but did not stop. However, Doble has denied this charge. Police also suspect that Dhoble may have been trapped in a gang war between two groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17198984", "title": "Indian students pull back from US; China races ahead", "text": "WASHINGTON: Fewer Indian students are studying in America these days. The number of students from India in the United States dropped for the second successive year even as there was a surge of Chinese students amid an overall increase of foreign students coming to America.The annual ''Open Doors'' survey of international students in US released this weekend showed 100,270 Indian students in the US in 2011/2012, a 3.5 per cent drop from previous year, after the number peaked at around 105,000 in 2009. Meantime, number of students from China shot up from 157,558 in 2010/2011 to 194,029 in 2011/2012, a 23 per cent increase.Overall, the number of foreign students in the US in 2011/2012 was 764,495, up from 723,277 the previous year, a 5.7 per cent increase, as US universities strove to attract more international students in what the US Commerce Department estimates is a $ 22.7 billion windfall for the American economy.Open Doors 2012 reports that more than 70 percent of all international students receive the majority of their funds from sources outside of the United States, including personal and family sources as well as assistance from their home country governments or universities.The top five countries from where the U.S is hosting international students are China, India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and Canada . Saudi Arabia recorded a big 50 per cent surge, the number of its students going up from 22,704 in 2010/2011 to 34,139 in 2011/2012.After trailing China for much of the 1990s, the number of students from India overtook the number of Chinese students in early part of last decade, but China has surged ahead since.The study says factors behind the decline in the numbers from countries such as India and Japan may include global and home country economic issues, growing higher education opportunities at home, and stronger employment opportunities at home after graduation.The survey reveals that California, New York, Texas, Massachusetts, and Illinois are the top five states for foreign students. The top five universities, each hosting more than 8000 international students, include University of Southern California, Los Angeles; University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign; New York University , Purdue University; West Lafayette; and Columbia University , New York.Nearly 50 per cent of foreign students in the U.S study Business and Management (21.8 per cent), Engineering (18 per cent), and Math and Computer Science (9.3 per cent). Humanities and Agriculture are at the bottom of the list.Nearly 60 per cent of students Indian students in US are in the engineering (36.7 per cent) and math and computer sciences (21.7 per cent) fields. The corresponding number for China is 19.6 per cent and 11.2 per cent. Surprisingly, there are twice as many Chinese students (28.7) per cent pursuing business/management as Indian students, 14.1 per cent of whom are in U.S b-schools.This 2011/12 data marks the sixth consecutive year that Open Doors reported expansion in the total number of international students in US higher education; there are 31 percent more international students studying at US colleges and universities than there were a decade ago.Large increases in undergraduate students from Saudi Arabia, funded by Saudi government scholarships, also help explain why international undergraduates studying in the United States now outnumber international graduate students, for the first time in 12 years.There is also an uptick in American students studying abroad. UK leads the field here, hosting 33,000 American students, followed by Italy, Spain and France. China is at fifth place with 14,500 American students. India has 4345, a significant increase of 11 per cent from the previous year.Overall, some 274,000 American students are studying abroad, nearly 50 per cent in the fields of social sciences, humanities, fine arts, and foreign languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201392", "title": "Breathless during Diwali? Blame it on smoke from sparklers", "text": "PUNE: Common firecrackers like sparklers and flower pots are less noisy, but owe their special effects to the heavy metal content in them which are not just harmful to the environment, but when inhaled cause health problems. Noisy crackers do not have heavy metal content.Inhaling the oxides of heavy metals can cause 'oxidant stress,' which is the baseline for asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia and lung cancer. Children and elderly people are more vulnerable. The cold weather aggravates the problem, as it remains stagnant in the air for a longer time, he added.A test conducted by NGO Awaaz Foundation recently showed that of the 17 firecrackers had heavy metal content, only three had the details on their cover boxes. Most manufacturers do not mention the chemical content and the few who do list it, do it inaccurately.Firecrackers with heavy metal content were found in four colour sparklers, multicolour pots, green flowerpots, red flowerpots, mirinda sparkler, vulcano rassi bombs, electric crackers, musical mala, star plus sparklers, shooting star, pink sparklers, seven shots, crackling king, green rassi bomb, aerial out, golden cherry and blue rain.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Awaaz Foundation, told TOI that all firecrackers tested are available in the market but the content is not mentioned on the covers. \"Only a few boxes have the content mentioned but it was either incorrect or not accurate. All these heavy metals have been banned under the hazardous chemicals Act,'' she said.According to a Supreme Court order, no cracker may exceed 125 decibel and the chemical composition of all crackers must be displayed on the packaging. Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO) is supposed to address some requirements of the Indian fireworks industry like development of environment friendly fireworks, study of nature of chemical composition and contrivance, quality control and quality assurance, testing of raw materials, among others.Abdulali said,We believe that less noisy firecrackers are safe. But sparklers, anara and multicolour pots, have a maximum content of heavy metals that give the colour. Bombs have less content of heavy metals,'' she said.Dr Sandeep Salvi, director of Chest Research Foundation, said heavy metals are harmful for the environment and cause health problems. Inhaling the smoke for long can impact one's health. It can affect the kidney, lung system and cause respiratory issues, he said.When crackers are lit, they produce different oxides of heavy metals that are harmful for lungs and get absorbed into the circulation and affect other organs of the body. It can also get deposited in the brain and kidney,'' he said.Chest Research Foundation had tested firecrackers and the level of pollutants in Kothrud four years ago and found that sulphur dioxide level in the air was 200 times more that the WHO limit. The level was found to be 5.5 ppm (parts per million), whereas the limit is 0.02 ppm. The oxides of calcium and magnesium in air are very high during Diwali.Hence, a majority of people complain of respiratory problems. They complain of cough, irritation in the eyes and nose and wheezing. The more smoke one inhales, one is more prone to these health problems,'' said Dr Salvi.Gufran Beig, senior scientist at Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune said heavy metals are highly carcinogenic.Type of cracker Heavy metal content foundFour-colour sparkler Iron, manganese, chromium, titanium and vanadiumMulti-colour pots Aluminium, copper, ironAnar red Aluminium, zirconium, zinc, ironMirinda sparkler Aluminium, vanadium. manganese, titaniumMusical Mala Aluminium, ironStar Plus Sparklers Aluminium, zircomium, copper, cobalt, ironGolden Cherry Aluminium, zinc, ironAerial Out Aluminium, zirconium, iron and titanium", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200348", "title": "Goons offer ride to northeastern student, rob him at gunpoint, dump him", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi University student from Nagaland was allegedly abducted and looted at gunpoint by four miscreants on Saturday morning in Maharani Bagh, southeast Delhi.According to the victim, the miscreants first assaulted him, forcibly took away his ATM cards and threw him out of their moving car. The victim who resides at Kilokri village works in a BPO based in Noida. However, the southeast district police have denied getting any complaint in this regard from the victim who is even scared to share his name.According to the information reaching North East Support Centre &amp; Helpline, the victim was waiting for his call centre cab in Maharani Bagh bus stand around 6 am on November 10. The cab left him behind and the driver gave him a call from DND flyover asking him to come till the flyover on his own.\" A car stopped in front of me. The guys inside said they are going to Sector 12/22, Noida which is close to my office. So I got inside the cab. On the Yamuna Bridge, the sitting at the front signalled his friends and they began covering the window with black film and the rear view mirror with a big travel air bag. One of them pulled out a pistol and asked me to give them my wallet,\" the victim said.The student tried to shout for help but the robbers threatened him. \"They took my ATM cards and beat me up asking for the pin codes. After I told them the codes they blindfolded me and threw me out of the car somewhere near Ghazipur,\" said the victim. He added that no FIR has been lodged so far. \"We are not aware of the victim or the incident as no one has approached them,'' said a police officer saying they will enquire about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201321", "title": "Foreign additions give Sporting a new look", "text": "PANAJI: Sporting Clube de Goa will look to step up the pace in the I-League following the arrival of three foreign players, including Nigerian junior international Anorue Obiora.Sporting Clube have struggled to enforce themselves in the I-League and have just one win from five matches. Their failure to match the best in the business has been largely due to the absence of foreign players, but with three new recruits now joining the team, the former Super Cup champions will look to turn a new leaf.\"The absence of foreign players has hurt us in the initial stages of the league. That will not be a problem now,\" said club president Peter Vaz as he welcomed former Nigeria junior international striker Anorue Obiora into the fold.Obiora, 26, made his debut for Sporting Clube in the 2-3 defeat against Mumbai FC in Pune last week and also opened his account with the first goal. The nippy striker, who last donned colours for Persebaya Surabaya in Indonesia and was part of the AFC Champions League squad, is a straight-forward replacement for Cameroonian striker Bong Bertrand who has since been shown the door for a series of below-par performances.The arrival of Obiora will add teeth to Sporting's attack which was, until now, shouldered by the likes of Dawson Fernandes and Victorino Fernandes.Japanese striker Seiya Sugishita has also shown promise in training and is likely to take the field when Sporting take on the might of United Sikkim in a sixth round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Sunday.Besides the two new foreign strikers, Sporting are also close to sealing a deal with Croatian defender Nikica Gacesa and former Liberian international Joseph Amoah. Both defenders have already started training with the team.\"The next five matches are crucial for us. We need to be in the best possible shape for these matches and, if you ask me personally, we should be targeting an all-win record,\" said Vaz.Vaz has a point. Sporting's next five opponents are all comparatively weaker sides and should, as expected, they make shortwork of United Sikkim, who lost 1-10 against Prayag United in the last game, the coaching staff believes, they can improve their position considerably.Sporting's next five matches include United Sikkim (Nov 18), Pailan Arrows (Nov 23), Pune FC (Nov 27), Air India (Dec 2) and ONGC (Dec 8). The first four matches will be played at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204530", "title": "I get turned on by dominant men, says RiRi", "text": "Rihanna , who posed completely naked for an upmarket US men's magazine, has said that she likes the man to be in charge in her relationships.In the photoshoot for GQ magazine, the 24-year-old singer's breasts are covered by a jacket flung over her shoulders and only a strategically placed shadowed arm keeps the 'Umbrella' hitmaker from losing her modesty, the Daily Express reported.Her tattoo collection is easily visible, while she wears her cropped hair simple and flat against her head.Asked by the magazine what turned her on, she said, \"I like to feel like a woman.\"\"I have to be in control in every other aspect of my life, so I feel like in a relationship, I wanted to be able to take a step back and have somebody else take the lead.\"I could absolutely be dominant, but in general, I'd rather... How do I say this in, like, a non-X rated version? Love makes you go places you probably wouldn't ever go, had it not been for love. But I think everybody still has their limits,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17208214", "title": "Mamata performs 'Kali Puja' using her year-long savings", "text": "Kolkata: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee today performed 'Kali Puja' at her residence using funds from her year-long savings .For last 34 years the puja is being performed at her house in Kalighat area of the city with traditional colours and religious fervour.Sources close to the chief minister said she saves money throughout the year for funding this puja.Having fasted the whole day, Banerjee cooked the 'bhog' (offering to Goddess) and was seen doing all the arrangements herself including looking after the guests.Scores of people, including state Assembly speaker Biman Banerjee, Kolkata police commissioner R K Pachnanda, musician Dwijen Mukhopadhyay, politicians, bureaucrats among others were seen at her house attending the rituals.An old woman, Suruchi Sudha Dey, came all the way from Burdwan district along with her daughter to greet the chief minister on the occasion. Not only did Banerjee meet her but also gave them 'prasad'.Some foreigners from Germany, France and Latvia also met the chief minister and took part in the 'puja'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17205047", "title": "Dengue: Health dept figures quite less", "text": "VARANASI: The health department has revealed five confirmed dengue cases. The number is far less in comparison to the data revealed by Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) Hospital. The CMO said that so far five cases of dengue have been confirmed. Out of these cases, three are from urban areas and two from rural areas. Dr Madhukar Rai, who is looking after dengue cases in SSL Hospital, said that around 200 cases of have been confirmed so far by Saturday, including one suspected death. Around 40 were so severe that they had to be admitted in the hospital.Meawhile, the district health department has finally been able to purchase 'malathion technical', used to carry out fogging to kill mosquitoes.The health department had no insecticide for fogging since the last two years. Chief medical officer Gyan Prakash claimed that melathion, which is otherwise made available from headquarters in Lucknow, has been purchased locally to meet the requirement.He claimed that fogging and spraying of anti-larval sprays has already been started in the rural areas.The health department carries out fogging drives in rural areas and Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) conducts fogging in different areas of the city. \"We have two tractor-mounted machines for fogging in open areas, residential areas, markets and lanes which are approachable. There are 13 bicycle-mounted machines, which are used for fogging in congested lanes and by-lanes of the city,\" additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said. Fogging drives are being conducted especially during dawn or early dusk when the mosquitoes are visible in the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203338", "title": "Garry Sandhu earns an encore at college concert", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of the International Institute of Fashion Design (INIFD), in association with Ludhiana Youth Club, organized a live concert by Punjabi singer Garry Sandhu, named 'Breaking Barriers' on the college campus.According to INIFD director Arvind Gupta, more than 200 students turned up to listen to Garry Sandhu. The British Asian singer was introduced to the music industry in late 2010.His song, 'Sahan to pyarian' earned him much acclaim. At the concert, students danced to his popular numbers, including 'Din raat sohniya ve' and 'Dil Dede.' The foot tapping numbers left students demanding an encore.Student organizers of the event, Attinder Sandhu, Rahul Chopra, Kinderpal Singh, Narinder Singh, Daman Makkar and Aman Sappal were delighted with the response the concert received. They concluded the show with an extravaganza on the custom made dance floor. Rahul Chopra said the event was meant to be a prelude to Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200407", "title": "Rashtrapati Bhavan library gets a facelift", "text": "NEW DELHI: A long-forgotten corner of the vast premises of the Rashtrapati Bhavan has been abuzz with activity for the last one month. The Rashtrapati Bhavan library, which was till a few months ago used as a dumping ground for books and was stuffed with furniture and people, is now being restored to its old glory. The President's office has discovered a treasure-trove of rare books, some of them dating back to the nineteenth century.Plans are afoot not just to open the library to the public as part of the tour of the Rashtrapati Bhavan but also create new spaces for the rare collection of artworks, statues and other memorabilia that have come to the President's estate as gifts from dignitaries across the globe. Another piece of the historical legacy that President Pranab Mukherjee has desired to be documented is the historical moments that the building has witnessed.Mukherjee's press secretary Venu Rajamony said, \"The President has desired to archive the historical moments that have taken place in the Rashtrapati Bhavan over the years.\"The President's office has also appointed Saroj Ghosh as consultant to advise them on giving the existing museum a facelift. Ghosh, the Kolkata-based former chairman of the International Council of Museums, was instrumental in putting in place the Parliament library. The President's office is also exploring the possibility of creating additional space for the museum besides the existing galleries.Work on restoring the library to showcase the rare books is almost complete. \"There are about 4,000 rare books in the President's library. The total collection in the Rashtrapati Bhawan is 23,000 books. While some are gifts, many are purchases by the library, which is diligent in stocking biographies and updated copies of the Constitution, besides speeches of past Presidents,'' said SNS Prakash, librarian at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.The President has already announced that the collection of Punch magazines \u00e2\u20ac\u201d published from 1843 to 1927 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is being restored and would be made available for cartoonists and scholars of modern history soon.The oldest book is an account of the war between the British government and Mysore's Tipu Sultan in 1800. 'A view of the origin and conduct of the war with Tippoo Sultaun by Lieutenant Col Alexander Beatson, late aid de camp to the Marquis Wellesley, Governor General of India and Surveyor General to the army in the field' speaks about the origin and conduct of the war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199896", "title": "Murder whiff to designer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old interior designer who had a love marriage to the owner of a furniture store was found dead under mysterious circumstances at her in-laws' residence on Monday.Payal Batra Durga, a resident of Shakarpur, was employed with a designing unit in Kirti Nagar.Though prima facie evidence suggested it was a case of suicide by hanging, police are waiting for the postmortem report to draw final conclusions. Since Payal's marriage with Gaurav Durga, a resident of Shakarpur, had taken place barely seven months ago, an SDM inquiry has been ordered into the case.According to Naresh Batra, the father of the deceased, his daughter got married to Gaurav last February. \"Ever since her marriage took place, her in-laws as well as Gaurav had been harassing her for dowry. Three times she returned home unable to withstand the mental torture. Last month, she came here and stayed for 15 days before Gaurav arrived to take her home. She even bought expensive electronic items on Sunday morning to please her relatives at Dhanteras. Yet she was harassed so much that she ended up dead the next morning,\" Batra said.Gaurav's family has denied all charges claiming they are unaware why Payal took such a decision. No suicide note has been recovered. Police said they will work according to instructions from the SDM.Meanwhile, a 22-year-old was arrested for raping a girl several times after kidnapping her, police said Monday. Parwaiz, a resident of northeast Delhi's Jafrabad, was arrested Saturday after the victim's family lodged a missing complaint.The accused befriended the victim, a resident of central Delhi's Kamla Market, and kidnapped her from her house last week. \"After kidnapping the victim, Parwaiz married her and took her to his residence, where he raped her several times,\" said the officer. The girl has been handed over to her family and the accused booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17200956", "title": "Cop implicated in Vachathi case suspended for dereliction of duty", "text": "COIMBATORE: Skeletons seem to be falling out of the police closet in rapid succession, pertaining to the caste violence incident that occurred recently where three dalit settlements in Dharmapuri were vandalized and looted. Three police officials including an inspector have been placed under suspension pending enquiry on charges of dereliction of duty and failing to take appropriate measures to quell the violence on November 7 leading to the torching of over 268 dwellings and rampant looting in Natham, Kondampatti and Anna Nagar areas in the district.Interestingly, V Jegannathan, one of the suspended officers, inspector of Kaaramangalam police station who was deployed near Natham to prevent violence against the Dalits, was a convicted official in the infamous Vachathi tribal atrocity and mass rape case of 1992. Initial departmental inquiry has revealed that the inspector and his subordinates posted at the spot delayed official action and failed to convey the gravity of the situation, leading to the escalation of violence.\"Three police officers have been placed under suspension following the incident. We are presently involved in maintaining law and order in the area. The situation is normal and there has been no further untoward incidents,\" said Sanjay Kumar , Deputy Inspector General of Police, Salem Range.V Jegannathan was the inspector of Kaaramangalam police station and was later handed over additional charge of Krishnapuram police station under which the affected Natham colony is located. Senior police officials have confirmed that there was a delay on the part of the initial police force under Jegannathan deployed near Natham to pacify the mob of caste Hindus on the evening of November 7. V Jegannathan was accused no 269 in the Vachathi case and was convicted under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes Prevention of Atrocities Act last year by the Principal Sessions Judge Court of Dharmapuri. He was serving as a sub inspector at Pappireddipatti police station back in 1992 when the incident occurred.A group of 269 government officials from forest, police and revenue department stormed Vachathi village in the guise of locating stolen sandalwood and went on a rampage assaulting, threatening and raping Sc/St members back in 1992. The court convicted the surviving 215 accused people last year on these counts. Only low grade forest officials were convicted for rape in the incident. Jegannathan has gone for an appeal before the High Court of Madras challenging the verdict of the lower court.\"It is really unfortunate that the suspended officer is still serving in Dharmapuri and got deployed at another violence prone area,\" said a senior police official.When contacted V Jegannathan claimed that he was posted along with 15 other men at Natham village and was diverted to the Dharmapuri-Tiruppathur main road where the members of the Vanniyar caste were sitting on a road rook. He added that he did not have enough personnel with him and was soon surrounded by the mob and could not prevent the arson and subsequent violence.\"We tried our best but could not prevent the incident,\" said Jegannathan when TOI contacted him late on Monday night over phone.The other two police officials placed under suspension in connection with the incident are sub inspector Perumal and Head constable Singaravelu .However, residents and members of civil society who have inspected the village claimed that the mob did not face any resistance when they stormed the dalit settlements armed with petrol bombs, setting homes on fire one after the other. Many houses were also ransacked and valuables stolen in a systematic manner indicating that they took their time and carried out the plan before leaving Natham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202386", "title": "Army officers celebrate Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Army officers of Danapur cantonment had a lively get-together with their family members on Diwali eve at the Cobra Officers' Institute at Danapur cantonment on Saturday night. The objective of the get-together was to celebrate the festival of lights with full enthusiasm to promote social amity and brotherhood among army men and their family members. The army men tastefully decorated the institute with colourful lights and festoons. They lit lamps, burst crackers and enjoyed the true spirit of the festival together.Dressed in their choicest clothes, the hands that fire on the borders were seen bursting crackers and lighting earthen lamps themselves on the occasion.Army officers from Bihar Regimental Centre (BRC), Danapur cantonment sub area and recruitment centre participated in the celebration along with their wives and children. Maj General Pankaj Sachdeva of Danapur sub area, Brigadier P M Rath of Danapur recruitment centre, commandant of Danapur BRC Col Sakeel Ahmad, Col A P Sinha and many others attended the function with their families.A senior army officer of the BRC said army men often celebrate 'Diwali' at their respective houses on Diwali day. However, a pre-Diwali celebration is held in Army for a long time with an aim to bring army men and their family members together to celebrate the function in true spirit irrespective of their caste, creed and religion, he said adding a community dinner was the highlight of the celebration on the occasion.Meanwhile, firecracker shops on Monday witnessed a huge rush of people, including children, to buy crackers and sparklers at Danapur cantonment and Khagaul. These shops were selling crackers and sparklers at high prices, but that didn't dampen enthusiasm of the buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201459", "title": "Teak dry fruit boxes catch shoppers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 fancy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Diwali is the time to exchange sweets, buy new clothes and jewellery, settle past debts, extend a hand of friendship and wish all a good fortune. It is also the time to seek blessings of Goddess Laxmi, the consort of Lord Vishnu and also the deity of wealth, happiness and beauty. Markets come to life with an array of sweets and homes are lit up with earthen lamps and candles.\"Usually dry fruits were packed in paper boxes but this time, we sell teak wood boxes with a golden lock on them. Prices start from Rs 800 to Rs 2,100 and people are just loving these fresh packings. Since morning, I have sold more than 500 teak boxes,\" said B K Thapad, owner of a shop in Sector 15.\"The new packing is amazing. It consists of badam khajur chocolates and a Baklawa barfi. It is a family package. I didn't have to buy different gifts for children,\" said Kavya Kukkreja of Sector 26. Shop owner in Sector 22 Tarvinder Kaur said: \"Silver trays of dry fruits with a fragrance candle has attracted too many. Silver tray without dry fruits are too in demand. This new look of the trays and new packing has made celebrations all the more exciting.\"\"My son's birthday and Diwali fall on the same date. We ordered a special birthday cake for him which looks like a rocket. He would definitely love it,\" said Parvati Sharma of Sector 19.\"We have got over 100 orders for Diwali cakes. These will be in different shapes and colours and the price depends on the size and shape. Some are even shaped as diyas, said Vijender Chaudhary, manager at a shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205690", "title": "Govt employees not very fond of riding bicycles", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: What is common among government employees working at the office of the commissioner of land revenue, Ayurveda College and the legislature secretariat here?Employees in these offices seem more fitness and health conscious than their counterparts in any other departments in the state. Employees in these offices together availed the maximum amount of government loans for purchase of bicycles and mosquito nets.However, even the efforts of government employees in a handful of offices could not fully make use of the funds allotted by the state financial department for purchasing bicycles and mosquito nets. Of the Rs 15 lakh set aside by the state government for giving cycle loans, employees together availed only Rs 3,46,000 in 2012-13.As per the scheme, employees can avail Rs 2,000 as cycle loan, which shall be recovered from their salary in 20 monthly installments. However, bicycles, even the entry level ones, cost Rs 4,000 in the market.For mosquito net purchase, the departments could disburse only Rs 5,800 out of the Rs 60,000 allotted by the government. According to a finance department circular, as many as 64 employees in the office of the commissioner of land revenue here has availed government loan for buying bicycles this year.The principal of Government Ayurveda College here forwarded 39 applications from employees for cycle loan and the secretary of legislative secretariat cleared 27 applications for the same.In the current fiscal, the finance department received 29 applications for advance for mosquito net purchase. The government gives Rs 200 to buy mosquito nets, which will be recovered in 10 equal monthly installments from the salary. The commissioner of land revenue has forwarded 11, the highest number of applications for this interest-free loan this year.According to the finance department circular, the funds should not be diverted for any other purpose and the unutilized amount should be surrendered to the government before March 25, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205846", "title": "CPM snubs Advani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s indirect invite", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan on Monday ruled out any change in his party's attitude towards BJP and RSS. He was reacting to BJP leader L K Advani's statement on Sunday that the age of political untouchability had ended.Advani's statement has been considered as an indirect invitation to CPM to bury the past and work jointly on issues of common interest.Dubbing Advani as a 'tragic hero', Vijayan said the BJP leader, even after turning 80, had not repented his mistakes. \"L K Advani personally led the mutiny after the Ramajanmabhumi issue. Even at this age, he is not remorseful of that act,\" he said.Vijayan alleged that Advani adopted a soft stand towards Narendra Modi after the Gujarat riots though Atal Behari Vajpayee had criticised the Gujarat chief minister.Referring to the RSS's view after the release of Advani's book, which controversially referred to Mohammed Ali Jinnah as a secular leader, Vijayan said the BJP veteran has since been leading the life of a tragic hero in Sangh Parivar.Vijayan said his party has been firm against communalism, in its efforts to protect the secular fabric of the country.CPM-RSS clashes occurred in past since the latter had tried to weaken his party in its strongholds, Vijayan said. \"It is the same strategy the Shiva Sena employed in Mumbai to weaken the Left forces,\" he said.On historian MGS Narayanan's allegation that the CPM has neglected history, Vijayan said: \"It is absurd. We have always studied history from a Marxian perspective. EMS, Romila Thapar, Irfan Habib and Bipin Chandra had brought out great works on the Indian and Kerala history from a Marxian perspective.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17199879", "title": "Mother, 2 sons die in home blaze", "text": "THANE: Three members of a Bhiwandi family, including a five-year-old child, were burnt to death when their home caught fire early on Monday. A short-circuit reportedly caused the blaze.The police said the small tenement\u00e2\u20ac\u201downed by Ajmal Khan\u00e2\u20ac\u201din the Nizampura Kasaiwada area of Bhiwandi went up in flames in the pre-dawn hours of Monday. Khan's wife Sultana (32) and his sons Umed (8) and Arkan (5) suffered serious burn injuries and were rushed to Sion hospital where the doctors declared them dead on arrival. Khan's elder son Ujaid (12), who was also critically burnt, is now battling for life.Preliminary inquiries revealed that owing to a short-circuit, a fire started in the electric meter inside Khan's house and that led to the fatal inferno.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203365", "title": "I&B; minister assures level playing field for media", "text": "LUDHIANA: Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari underscored the need for an independent and strong media in a democracy. He said the freedom of expression guaranteed in the Indian constitution included freedom to choose media; whether print, electronic or digital.Interacting with mediapersons at a felicitation ceremony organized by the Ludhiana District Congress, Tewari said he received several complaints of malpractices in the media from across the country and these would be dealt with. However, the minister adopted a cautious stance on the contentious issue of monopoly of cable television with both channels and viewers being held to ransom. Due process of law would be followed in such cases, he said.Listing his priorities, Tewari said growth of media would lead to employment generation, which he had every intention of ensuring. He assured that a level playing field would be provided to all players and said the achievements of the UPA government would be communicated to the people.Lauding his predecessor, Ambika Soni , he said the digitalization process she initiated had been successful and would soon be extended to other cities. This, he explained, would help in rationalization of the process of disbursement of information.On Punjab deputy prime minister Sukhbir Singh Badala's visit to Pakistan and his commitment to provide power to Pakistan Punjab, Tewari remarked that Badal would do well to provide power to Indian Punjab first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17205021", "title": "3 die in road accidents", "text": "VARANASI: In two accidents, three persons died while one suffered injuries on Monday.Manoj Bind (25) and Raju Gond (22), residents of Bilaridih, under Alinagar police area in Chandauli district were sitting on Tengramod bridge in the morning. A trailer laden with iron grills passed through the bridge. When it came close to Manoj and Raju, the driver lost control and the two came under its wheels. They died on the spot.Police intercepted the trailer near Dhaphi. During interrogation, it came to light that trailer driver Harvindar Singh suffered epilepsy attack and lost control over the steering. Hundreds of villagers blocked the highway and held a demonstration. The situation normalized after several hours when police officials convinced the mob to call off the agitation.In Jaunpur, Ishtiyaq Ahmed (25), a native of Lambhua in Sultanpur, was killed while his cousin Irfan (22) sustained injuries, when a truck hit their motorcycle near Baksha police station on Monday morning. The two were heading towards Jaunpur when the accident occurred. Ishtiyaq died on the spot while Irfan was rushed to district hospital where his condition was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200153", "title": "Industrial bodies donate patrol vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: Local industrial associations have provided two vehicles to the police department to step up patrolling in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas where businesses are shut for a week for Diwali. The request to increase patrolling comes in the wake of concern over burglaries at the industrial units.Both, the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) have provided two vehicles and 50 barricades to the police department for patrolling and security arrangements.Speaking to TOI, president of Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Suresh Mali said, \"Last year, we had provided one vehicle to the police department for patrolling. This year, we have provided them an additional vehicle. AIMA and NIMA have also jointly providing 50 barricades to the Nashik police deparment to tighten security in both the MIDC areas.\"Barricades have been erected on major roads across 10 locations in both industrial regions, including near Siemens Ltd , Mahindra Eugine Steel Company Ltd (MUSCO), EPC Industries Ltd, 'J' sector in Ambad, Bosch Ltd and Graphite India Ltd among other locations.There are around 4,500 large, medium and small industries in Ambad and Satpur most of whom belong to the automobile and electric sectors.Steel and aluminium are stocked on a largescale in both areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17205649", "title": "TV stars shopping plans for this Diwali", "text": "Shopping is what is on everyone's mind during this festive season. TOI asks select TV folks about their shopping plans this diwali.Eijaz Khan- I have a small shopping list this Diwali. I will buy lots of sweets this Diwali especially for some of my very special friends in an NGO which I support. They deserve to have a bit of fun, so will spend time with them. I also intend to buy Indian attire for my girlfriend Natlie. I will also check out the Diwali offers on gadgets.Vivian Dsena - I enjoy shopping. I love to buy stuff for my fiancee Vahbbiz and vice-versa. During festival time we surely shop more. I love to gift her gold specifically. I also buy her clothes of her choice. One thing that gives me immense happiness and pleasure is to see smile on Vahbbiz face when I surprise her with gifts during festival time. During festive time one gets more variety and more offers as well. .Roopal Tyagi - I am buying myself a new led TV. It has been on my wish list for a while now since I got a HD cable connection. Hope I get a good discount offer. I will also be buying myself a nice anarkali suit to wear and also first Jean Fendi watch. For me Diwali is the time to pamper myself and for auspicious reasons I will buy some gold too.Arif Zakaria- I intend to buy clothes and perhaps a wardrobe over haul under the pretext of Diwali. I have certain clothes in mind to buy and the best part about Diwali is one gets good festive deals. For me celebrating Diwali was always about bursting crackers and I shall do so this year too with my son besides shopping.Rukhsar- Shopping is a women's delight. Diwali is the best time to shop as variety of offers are available especially on clothes . In festive season the fun of shopping is different. I will buy few new dresses and of course Gold and may be new jewellery. It's considered auspicious period to shop.Mohit Malik - I am a shopaholic and I make it a point to buy gadgets, shoes and watches every Diwali. One gets good variety and discount deals during Diwali. I would be buying some jewellery also for wife Aditie. I love to pamper myself by shopping every Diwali. I might go to Delhi to celebrate Diwali in case I get an off from shoot otherwise I would celebrate it here only with my friends.Mrunal Jain- I am a Marwari Jain and buying gold is considered auspicious during Diwali. So, I would be buying gold coins and yes I am going to buy chocolates for my friends and cousins. I will also check out gadget offers as I am a gadget freak.Ridheema Tiwari- I am a true shopoholic and for me Diwali is the best time to shop. I will buy mostly gold and clothes and I also intend to buy old classic DVD collection of films which are on my mind from a long time. If I find good consumer durable deals I might buy something else too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199322", "title": "Power dearer as fuel adjustment costs double", "text": "MUMBAI: Call it the festival of costlier lights. Over 2.4 crore electricity consumers in Mumbai and across the state have been receiving higher bills, with the first hiked bill being for September. The reason: the Fuel Adjustment Charge (FAC) has shot up by 100%.Around 28 lakh consumers in suburban Mumbai now pay Rs 1.28 per unit as FAC, while they earlier paid 64 paise. The island city's 10 lakh residents now pay Rs 1.44 per unit while they earlier shelled out 72 paise. The FAC rate for consumers in Bhandup, Mulund and Kanjurmarg has shot up from 95 paise per unit to 47 paise, and Tata Power users now pay almost Re 1 instead of the earlier 50 paise.Analysts say that the average household uses 300 units of electricity. In that slab, the average bill from the various electricity providers would vary from Rs 1,200 at the lower end to Rs1,600 at the higher. In an average bill of Rs1,500, the FAC used to amount to around Rs 150, or 10% of the bill. The doubled FAC means that the new bill would have an FAC of Rs 300, which would push the bill up by 10% from Rs 1500, to Rs 1,650.The FAC now comprises around 18% of the total bill if the consumer uses 300 units. If a household uses more than 300 units the increase could be higher, said experts.The four major power providers are Reliance Infrastructure (Mumbai suburbs), BEST (island city), Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (Bhandup, Kanjurmarg and Mulund in Mumbai and rest of state) and Tata Power. The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has now empowered them to directly incorporate upto 20% of their varying fuel costs (price of coal, gas and oil required to generate power) in their monthly bills for immediate recovery. The companies recover these costs through the FAC, which is dependent on the price of fuel.Earlier, the power firms could recover only 10% of their varying fuel costs through bills. To recover the remaining 90% they would petition the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) every few months. Sources argued that because of delays in recovery, the companies had to borrow from banks and subsequently the cost of the interest was passed on to consumers.The companies, therefore, petitioned MERC to be allowed to recover upto 25% of varying fuel charges immediately. MERC, after holding public hearings, on August 26 decided that firms could directly recover upto 20%. The petition was mainly filed by MSEDCL, but was supported by other firms.A senior power expert pointed at inflation. \"Despite increasing the recovery component to 20%, the ongoing trend of increasing fuel prices -- mainly the coal, oil and gas -- indicate that FAC hikes may have to be incorporated many times during the year, which will ultimately haunt consumers,\" he said.However, consumer activist Ashok Pendse, who represents the Thane-Belapur Industries Association, said, \"I hope the FAC eventually goes down a bit. If domestic coal is used, then the FAC can remain under control. However, power from units using imported coal will continue to cost more and raise bills.\"While the FAC hike is the main reason for the higher bills, experts said charges have also risen for lakhs of consumers who get power from suppliers buying from outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199437", "title": "Best Lakshmi puja mahurat from 7.02pm to 7.30pm", "text": "MUMBAI: The festival of Diwali celebrates the return of Lord Ram to Ayodhya after the victorious battle of Lanka and the appearance of Goddess Lakshmi during the churning of the ocean.Astrologer Premkumar Sharma says, \"The best mahurat for Lakshmi puja is from 7.02pm to 7.30pm. During this time, you get the best of 'pradosh kaal', which starts from 5.28pm on Tuesday to 1.18am on Wednesday, as well as the 'sthir lagna' that occurs between 5.35pm and 7.30pm on Tuesday. Invoking Lakshmi at this time ensures that the inflow of wealth remains steady and abundant.\"For this reason, it is the sitting image of Lakshmi that is worshipped as against the one standing, says Pt Sharma. \"People can perform the puja without the assistance of a priest. One invokes Lord Ganesh first, then bathes the idols of the deities with gangajal, and offers clove, cardamom, sugar crystals, flowers, fruit, incense, dhoop and panchamrit. All the while, one chants the Ganesh or Lakshmi mantra,\" he says.The Goddess Kali idol is worshipped separately from that of Ganesh and Lakshmi. \"Diwali Amavasya is when tantrics pray to Kali during the late-night mahurat,\" Pt Sharma says.Several feel that the campaign against noise pollution has taken the spark out of the festival. Acharya Ravindra Nagar of Birla Mandir, New Delhi, points out that fireworks are integral to the rituals. \"Monsoon has subsided and there are impurities in the air. The smoke from crackers destroys insects and cleanses the air,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200449", "title": "Chaos at railway stations in national capital as 35 lakh go home in last 2 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway stations across the city witnessed a mad rush two days before Diwali as people made plans to meet their family members in other states during the festive week. According to the railways commercial department, 35 lakh passengers have left the city in past two days. The railways has recorded 30% additional footfall in view of the upcoming festivals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Diwali, Chhath Puja and Bhai Dooj.With the highest number of special trains being run this year and a significant augmentation of coaches since Durga Puja, many hail this as a record. Though the railways has made all possible arrangements \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even stopping sale of tickets at platforms from November 11 to November 23, and making alternate arrangements to ensure trains bound for Bihar, UP and West Bengal do not arrive on corresponding platforms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the rush near the general compartments could hardly be contained. This is despite the presence of a special contingent of RPF placed before coaches at the instance of Northern Railway GM Vijay Kumar Gupta, who inspected the New Delhi station.This year alone, 80 special trains are running on Northern Railway, which will make 1,762 trips during Chhath. The passengers, however, complained that the special trains were not on time. \"I had taken the special 9pm train to Lucknow. The arrival time was 5.50am, but the train came six hours late,'' said Sucheta Lalchandani. Other passengers to Bihar said most of the special trains, especially those to Anand Vihar, were eight to 11 hours behind schedule.Additional ticket counters have been provided over the entire Northern Railway. Of these, 25 extra booking counters for reserved tickets have become functional in Delhi area, of which 7 are in IRCA. For unreserved tickets, seven additional counters have been provided at both New Delhi railway station and Anand Vihar Terminal, while four have been provided at Old Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199398", "title": "More you cry, more you earn: Child beggars thrashed to shed more tears", "text": "MUMBAI: Every time a well-dressed person gets off an autorickshaw and walks towards Vashi railway station, he/she is moved by four-year-old Asha's tears. They immediately shell out Rs 5 or Rs 10 for her, oblivious to the fact that Asha's handler slaps her across the face to make her cry.Knowing that children's tears can stir people's emotions, making them shell out money, several beggar kids are being exploited by their handlers.While Diwali, followed by November 14's Children's Day are supposed to be fun times for children, it will be double duty for these kids at railway stations and other public places.RTI activist Anil Galgali, who runs an NGO, Athak Seva Sangh, said: \"I have noticed an increase in the number of children begging in and around Mumbai. These kids are governed by a senior handler, who collects all the cash they make by begging. It is a thriving racket at the expense of children.\"Galgali has also lodged a complaint with the railway police, highlighting the plight of handicapped beggar kids. \"Those beggars with an eye gouged out or limbs amputated are victims of a more sinister, cruel mafia. They will do anything to force the public to pity the children and give money,\" said Galgali.He said that often abducted children or babies are pushed into the begging trade.Till recently, a boy, blind in his right eye, could be seen begging in Kharghar. However, soon after activists started asking the boy how he became blind, his woman handler walked away with him, never to be seen again in that area. This boy is perhaps now being forced to beg elsewhere.Nishit Kumar, head of communications and strategic initiatives, Childline-1098, said: \"Maharashtra is among the states that have implemented the Right To Education (RTE) Act. So it is indeed an unhappy situation to see so many children away from school, begging on the streets. But this is a complex issue ranging from crime (abductions) to social desperation as over 30% of the population is in abject poverty.\"\"We are in touch with the women and child welfare officials. If citizens call on our helpline (1098), we directly intervene to help any child being exploited,\" he said. Social worker Brijesh Arya said he has often come across child beggars from Pardhi tribe. Their families force them to beg in cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17204929", "title": "Level of suspended particulate matter high in city", "text": "VARANASI: The annual ambient air quality data of Varanasi suggests that sulphur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) are within the standards, but the levels of suspended particulate matter are alarmingly high in both residential and commercial areas.\"The quality of ambient air deteriorates sharply during Diwali, with abundant use of fire-crackers and generators,\" environmental scientist BD Tripathi of BHU said. In normal days, the levels of SO2 and NO2 remain within the limit set by the national ambient air quality standards of the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB). But there is a manifold increase during Diwali.According to the data provided by Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB), in 2011 the annual average level of SO2 in residential area of Jawahar Nagar was 15.9 microgram/m3. In commercial area of Sigra, it was 16.9 microgram/m3. The level of NO2 was 19.8 microgram/m3 and 20.5 microgram/m3 in these areas during the same period. According to CPCB ambient quality standards, the annual levels of SO2 and NO2 should be 50 microgram/m3 and 40 microgram/m3 respectively in all areas, except ecologically sensitive ones.But, the trend was not with the level of particulate matter. The UPPCB data suggests that the annual average of the levels of particulate matters were 123.1 microgram/m3 in Jawahar Nagar and 127.9 microgram/m3 in Sigra. As per the CPCB standards, these levels should be 60 microgram/m3 only.\"One of the main reasons behind the high level of particulate matter suspended in the air is the increase in construction activities. The digging of roads and pathetic condition of patch work adds substantial quantity of particulate matters in the ambient air,\" said Tripathi.The respiratory suspended particulate matter (RSPM) in the air is instrumental in increasing respiratory and chest problems.The use of fire-crackers during Diwali increases the levels of SO2 and NO2 in the atmosphere that also cause harm to lungs. After coming into contact with water content in the lungs the particules form sulfuric acid and nitric acid. \"The use of generators for decoration during the festival also plays a big role in increasing the levels of SO2 and NO2,\" he said. The district administration has taken initiative with the help of social organisation to create awareness about harmful impact of high decibel fire-crackers and noise pollution. CPCB's ambient air quality standards for noise states that the level of noise should be 75 decibel in daytime and 70 decibel during night in industrial area, 65 decibel (day) and 55 decibel (night) in commercial area, 55 decibel (day) and 45 decibel (night) in residential area and 50 decibel (day) and 45 decibel (night) in silence zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203630", "title": "Winds clear way for early onset of winter", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state seems to be set for an early winter with mercury levels dropping at several places in the last two days.\"The minimum temperature at night has dipped below seven degree Celsius across the state in the past 24 hours, with some places recording a minimum temperature of 2 degree Celsius. A similar weather condition will continue to prevail in the state for the next 2 to 3 days,\" said Surya Kanta Nayak, a senior official at India Meteorological Department ( IMD) centre here.Nayak said mercury has mostly plummeted in the interior pockets with winds blowing in north and north-westerly directions.The weatherman said on Sunday the capital recorded minimum night temperature of 16.4 degree Celsius, four notches below the normal.In 2011, the lowest minimum night temperature in November was 16.9 degree Celsius while the city's all-time lowest during this month stood at 9.6 degree Celsius in 1970.Other places also saw a drop in night temperature with Phulbani recording the lowest minimum night temperature of 9.6 degree Celsius. Balangir recorded minimum night temperature of 13.5 degree Celsius against the normal 17 degree.Other places which also witnessed a dip in night temperature include Keonjhar (9.9 degree Celsius), Sambalpur (12.5 degree Celsius), Cuttack (14.0 degree Celsius), Angul (14.0 degree Celsius), among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17194076", "title": "Saina Nehwal defends coach Pullela Gopichand", "text": "Olympic bronze medallist Saina Nehwal's coach P Gopichand was recently embroiled in controversy when badminton player Prajakta Sawant accused him of bias and mental harassment. The issue escalated when shuttler Jwala Gutta backed Prajakta.However, Saina defends her coach saying, \"The matter isn't related to me, but all I can say is that P Gopichand is the best coach we have in India for badminton.\" In fact, in her recently released autobiography, Saina has described the hard work that Gopichand has put into her game and his role in her success.The shuttler recently clinched her fourth title of the year -- the Denmark Open Super Series Premier trophy. Though she lost the French Open soon after, she has given her fans a reason to smile about with her book. \"Efforts are on to release it in other languages too,\" she says. \"It took six months to get it done. If even one child is inspired to follow in my footsteps, I will be highly satisfied,\" she says.Saina narrated her story to the assistant editor of the publishing house and then read and corrected the script. \"It is the story of my parents, my journey of 13 years, (1999-2012), my coaches, my wins and failures,\" she shares. The idea for the book came about before the Olympics.\"We had not intended to include the Olympics but mention has been made of my bronze medal,\" she says. She is already thinking of the second installment. \"I certainly want to write a second part to motivate kids and give guidelines to parents. I will start work on it after I complete some more years in badminton,\" says she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201822", "title": "Engg students allege lapses in revaluation", "text": "NAGPUR: A delegation of about 40 engineering students of Nagpur University, led by state EGS minister Nitin Raut met vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Monday and alleged lapses in evaluation for 'no change' in their marks after the revaluation results. The students also demanded a re-revaluation of their papers.Many engineering students who failed in the semester exam had applied for revaluation. However, they were in for a rude shock when the revaluation results showed 'no change' in the marks. Many students, who were confident of clearing their subjects after the revaluation, insisted that their papers should be evaluated again. The students also submitted sample answersheets, where there was prima facie negligence in evaluation, to the VC to affirm their charge.Many students who had cleared their subjects after revaluation also joined the delegation to express solidarity with others. Action should be taken against the authorities concerned to avoid repetition of such irregularities, they said.Ashwini Wakde, a second year student from Priyadarshini College of Engineering, was distressed by that fact that she failed the exam by ten marks, and even the revaluation result showed no change though she was pretty sure of clearing it. She pointed out that students who failed by just two marks also got the same result after revaluation. Adnan Solkar from Nuva College of Engineering and Technology also expressed same disappointment. The students alleged that the teachers didn't even bother about opening their answersheets and arbitrarily gave the 'no change' remark.The NU gave assurance that a recheck of all the papers will be done. Nitin Raut reassured the students that their demands will be considered. A proposal to set up a helpdesk for counselling students is also in the pipeline, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "17203317", "title": "A show of culture", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The cultural mA\u00c2\u00a9lange, presented by organizers of Sarb Hind Sikh Educational Conference at Shri Guru Harkrishan Public School, Dugri Road, mesmerized the audience. This was the first such initiative by Chief Khalsa Diwan, the body which organized the programme after a couple of years. The participants showcased their talent by depicting the folkloric traditions of Punjab enthusiastically.Convener of the cultural program Dharamveer Singh said such events provide a platform to the students to connect to the cultural roots of the state.Students from various branches of Shri Guru Harkrishan Public Schools across the state participated in the event. While the bhangra by boys in colourful turbans turned the atmosphere electric, the Sami dance and the gidha by students of Dugri branch got much applause. The students from Amritsar performed a Rajasthani dance. The skits and 'bhand' and 'nakal' were also liked by one and all. The audiences were also shown documentaries on the Sikh history on this occasion.International Dashmesh Gatka Akhara, Machhiwara, performed the Sikh martial art 'Gatka', directed by Davinder Singh Chhina and Jagdish Singh Brar. Young Sikh boys clad in 'Nihang Banas' put up a spectacular display of weapon use and agile attack and defense techniques. One of the performers Prabh Simranjit Singh Khalsa said they had been performing at major Sikh events across the state for last many years.The students loved the event that celebrated the Sikh culture and history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201921", "title": "NGO's traffic study catches authorities on the wrong foot", "text": "NAGPUR: The frequent traffic snarls in the city reflects the lack of enthusiasm among traffic cops to discharge their duties apart from no effective coordination between them and the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). These were findings of a study 'Safe Traffic Mission' carried out by city-based NGO Jan Akrosh.In October, Jan Akrosh activists led by president Dr Anil Laddad, secretary Ravindra Kaskhedikar, Bhagwan Tewani, Mahesh Manavi among others, selected a few busy and chaotic junctions across the city to find out the reason behind the rise in unregulated traffic. The NGO met joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena with a request to take note of its findings to improve the city's traffic management.Speaking to TOI, Kaskhedikar pointed out that their findings as far as traffic sleuths managing the city traffic was concerned were shocking. Though cops were found deployed at many junctions including Variety Square, pedestrians continue to cross roads from all directions. The cops made no effort whatsoever to educate pedestrians about the threat they pose not only to themselves but also to motorists.There is lack of coordination among the traffic cops deployed at various junctions, the NGO observed. For instance, if a motorist jumps a signal at one junction, the cop deployed there never alerts his counterpart at the next junction. As a result, many motorists jump traffic signals.Traffic cops, who are supposed to regulate the flow of traffic, are seen stopping vehicles, asking for documents and collecting fines. \"The prime responsibility of cops is to regulate traffic but our survey found them busy penalizing mostly two-wheeler riders flouting traffic norms,\" the NGO stated.Haphazard parking of autorickshaws and starbuses is also affecting the smooth movement of traffic. Besides, there is lack of coordination between NMC's traffic department and the traffic police. This is affecting the maintenance of traffic signals at many junctions. Defunct signals have resulted in minor mishaps as motorists were caught unawares of vehicles coming from the other directions.The NGO also submitted a copy of its findings to the NMC. Painting of zebra crossings, stop lines, synchronization of traffic signals and a toll free number to lodge a complaint related to non-functioning of traffic signals need to be done on a priority basis, said the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201306", "title": "Can Hindu law cover Sikhs, Jains, asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Sikhism, Jainism and Buddhism are separate and distinct religions, can followers of these faiths be bracketed as Hindus under the Constitution and be governed by Hindu personal law, the Supreme Court asked before issuing notice to the Centre and attorney general G E Vahanvati.Sikh scholar Birendra Kaur in her petition questioned the constitutional and past legislative attempts to obliterate identities of separate faiths by recognizing them under the broad religious connotation of Hindus. She said this negated the constitutional guarantee to each individual to practise and propagate the religion of his/her choice.'Kaur's petition an expression of frustration'The Punjab and Haryana high court had dismissed with caustic observations a petition by Sikh scholar Birendra Kaur questioning the constitutional and past legislative attempts to obliterate identities of separate faiths by recognizing them under the broad religious connotation of Hindus, but an SC bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar not only entertained her appeal but also framed the question for adjudication.\"This petition is seeking to express and make clear the frustration and disappointment of a large part of the Sikh community which feels its identity as Sikh is undermined by certain clauses and titles of certain statutes which club Sikhs under the definition of Hindu,\" senior advocate Colin Gonsalves argued.The SC said, \"Issue notice on the question as to whether the inclusion of people professing the Sikh, Jain or Buddhist faiths could be included in the enactments relating exclusively to persons professing the Hindu religion, within the ambit of Explanation II to Article 25(2) of the Constitution. Let notice be issued separately to the AG also, to be served both through the ministry of minority affairs as also through the central agency, returnable six weeks hence.\" However, the petitioners said a constitutional mischief arose through Explanation II, which said, \"The reference to Hindus shall be construed as including a reference to persons professing the Sikh, Jain or Buddhist religion, and the reference to Hindu religious institutions shall be construed accordingly.\" The petition said making a law applicable to all religions was one thing but it would be discriminatory to refer different religions by the name of a religion.The petitioner added, \"The Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, the Hindu Succession Act, 1956 and the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act, 1956, use the word Hindu to include Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains and others, even though it is clarified that these are separate religions.\" Would it be acceptable if the name of the Hindu Marriage Act was changed to Buddhist Marriage Act and made applicable to all four religions, the petitioner asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200801", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Housing Board back with plot auctions", "text": "HYDERABAD: As signs appear of the real estate scene picking up, the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) has decided to resume auction of plots in the city after a gap of four years. In the current phase of auction, which will take place on November 22, the board will put up 14 plots for auction in Kukatpally Housing Board (KPHB) Colony phases 4, 6, 9 and 15.Nine plots are located in phase-15 of KPHB, close to Hi-Tec City, while there are two plots each in phase-9 and phase-6 and one in phase-4. Since the plots are in Kukatpally, the authorities are hoping to pocket about Rs 100 crore through the auction.Officials said the APHB took the decision to auction plots after Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) auctioned some of its plots in August and could raise about Rs 125 crore.APHB has carefully chosen plots to put up for auction. Of 14 plots, four plots are High Income Group (HIG), six plots for Middle Income Group (MIG) and three plots for Low Income Group (LIG) with size between 647 square yards and 200 square yards. Two plots are 60 sq yards with unequal sizes in corners.Also, the upset price has been fixed between Rs 20,000 and Rs 40,000 depending on the area and size of the plots.\"APHB has high hopes on phase-15 plots as during the last auction in 2007, the highest rate per sq yard was Rs 32,000. We are expecting an overwhelming response from property buyers this time too,\" an executive engineer of KPHB (West division) told TOI.Officials said the prospective buyers have to submit their bids in a sealed cover and participate in the auction on November 22. The successful bidder would have to deposit 25% of the bid amount and 1% auction expenses of the total bid amount within 24 hours of the auction. The balance amount could be paid within three months of the auction. If there is any delay, beyond three months, 14% interest would be charged on the remaining amount.APHB officials said the land should be utilised as per the norms and with the permission of the civic authorities. If any, electricity, water and telephone lines or poles were passing through it, it would be the responsibility of the purchaser to get them removed from the plot at his/her own expenses, they said.During the real estate boom, sources said, the APHB had auctioned nearly 500 acres of government land as part of resource mobilisation between 2004 and 2007 and pocketed nearly Rs 750 crore. Of 500 acres, 300 acres were auctioned in and around Hyderabad and it earned Rs 600 crore since 2004.If the current land auctions prove to be good, the Board would take up more auctions in the near future, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202278", "title": "E-commerce gets a push with Diwali deals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian e-commerce players are all geared up for the festive season. With just a few days left for Diwali and the festive rush at its peak, TOI logged on to the top websites to look for the preparations being made for e-shoppers. In unison, all big e-commerce players noted that the festive season is the best time for them to share and enjoy the emotional bond.Talking to TOI, managing director FabFurnish.com Vaibhav Aggarwal says, \"We understand that there are emotions involved in the customers' mind while buying something special for their homes. We do want to be a part of these emotions and want to give the best.\"\"Festivals are the essence of Indian culture. Starting Eid, we are presenting a new flavor of shopping which continues till Christmas. The subtle nuances of creating 'unique' and unconventional gifting range for today's upwardly mobile buyers have prompted us to come up with this assortment of special gifts,\" says K Senthilnathan, head of StraightLine.in, a B2C initiative of mjunction, a joint venture of Tata Steel and SAIL.Festivals push the economy to a new level and added to that is the emotional bonding. A portal that delivers some of the top global brands, Rock.in is experiencing the rush for the first time this year. \"With the onset of the festive season we have seen an incline in sales. We have observed an increase in both, the number of transactions as well as the average basket size. With e-commerce, consumers from Tier II cities like Kanpur or Varanasi can buy the latest fashion from London or Paris and have it delivered free of cost and that has been the trend we are seeing. This choice was not available a year ago,\" says CEO, Rock.in Suraj Sharma.\"With only 5% of India having access to organized retail, premium product availability is an issue. On the other hand, internet penetration is already 100 million plus households and will be over 350 million by 2015. This leaves a huge opportunity for both e-shoppers and e-retailers,\" he adds.Another new player in the segment is Jabong.com. This is the first festive season for the company which went live on the e-space in January. \"In our first year itself we have received an outstanding response from our target audience and are expecting that the festive collection will witness great picks. We see the buying trends of Indian customers have changed enormously since the past few years. Youngsters, these days, hardly get any time to go out and shop. Online portals have successfully redefined shopping, easing out the hassles associated with it and at the same time giving an opportunity to sift through various brands and collections at one go without actually stepping out of the offices or homes\", says co-founder of Jabong.com, Manu Kumar Jain.On the role played by Tier II cities in the overall turnover of an e-commerce entity, Jain says that the trend is very fertile and is expected to see a higher wallet size. Best of the brands are not available in general retail and e-commerce can bridge that gap. \"We received an overwhelming response in both Tier I &amp; II cities. A wide range of product assortment available pan India and access to over 700 brands and 50, 000 products have brought an excitement amongst the shopaholics. This is a positive sign,\" says Jain.When the size and handling capacity is put to test and mere clicks are generating revenues for these e-players, TOI contacted Flipkart delivery in Lucknow and a source revealed that the number of packets they deliver in the city has almost doubled in this festive season. This is one of the best festive season for the e-players as the market has started accepting e-shopping and has increased their wallet size considerably. \"I don't face any problem while delivering Yebhi consignments. People understand that quality won't be compromised by these e-commerce giants,\" says a lady Yebhi.com delivery champ, on condition of anonymity.\"Online shopping has come to mainstream consumer consciousness. Online shoppers benefit from the variety, deals &amp; convenience of home delivery. For the many outside the top cities where modern retail has penetrated, online shopping provides access to brands which are not available in their city or town. eBay India census 2011 identified buyers from 3,311 Indian cities which are shopping online. Online buyers are buying everything from the latest laptop to a bean bag,\" says head category management, eBay India Abhimanyu Lal.As compared to last year, key products with a significant increase in purchases are tablets &amp; tablet accessories, home theatre &amp; accessories, digital cameras, Bluetooth devices, 3D LED TVs, smartphones, dual SIM phones, and furniture. Product categories such as exercise &amp; fitness products, footwear and watches have also almost doubled in transactions this festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202184", "title": "Festive rush gives ATMs run for its money", "text": "LUCKNOW: The day preceding Diwali saw most of the automatic teller machines (ATM) of various banks run out of cash, following excessive withdrawal of money for festive shopping. Most people who went to withdraw money on the last day before the festival had to either wait in long queues, or hop from one ATM to the other.Transaction failures and repeated attempts to withdraw money were the order of the day and many had to return empty-handed. The overworked ATMs kept managing staff of most of the banks on their toes all day. Senior bank officials TOI spoke to conceded that during festivals, especially Diwali, cash withdrawal from ATMs doubles compared to normal days.Vivek Dwivedi of ICICI Bank told TOI: \"Out of four ATMs of our bank in Hazratganj area, three are working. The area being a market hub sees high footfall. Normally, we upload cash once a day but during festivals the frequency increases up to three times depending on the amount of cash left in the machine.\" The banks outsource to specific agencies the job of replenishing cash on a daily basis.Ashish Vats, who works in Indira Nagar, says, \"I had to wait for two long hours to get my turn at an ATM in my area. This is time-consuming but we have no other option. I just hope the banks would offer services smoothly.\" His neighbour Rishi Singh had a similar experience. \"It was a mistake to wait for the last day for shopping as I failed to withdraw money at least nine times at different ATMs,\" he said.The bank professionals said in some areas, computer servers could have slowed down because of the heavy rush, but they didn't deny the situation of cash exhaustion as is usual during festivals. A senior official of Axis Bank , which has more than 100 ATMs in the city, said, \"Normally, an ATM holds a cash reserve of approximately Rs 5 to 10 lakh. Agencies refill these centres only once a day, depending on the amount left. But during festivals, cash has to be put in at least four times to meet the escalated demand.\"He further said due to people's presumption that banks would remain closed during the festival, there was overdrawing at the ATMs. He clarified that even though the banks would remain closed only for tommorow, ATMS would be replenished like any other day in the evening.School teacher Asma Shaheen, who went to shop at Fun Republic Mall in Gomtinagar area on Monday, said, \"Despite three ATM centres here, I faced failure couple of times. The first ATM was out of cash, second did not process my request and the third one did yield cash but only after couple of attempts. Actually, I had to withdraw money in two parts.\"It takes about half an hour to one hour's time for any bank to replenish a cash-depleted ATM centre. Once reported, banks make best possible effort to refill it in minimum time. \"Even though the frequency of refilling the centres has increased we are making sure our ATMs are work throughout the day. We are ensuring timely refills to keep our ATM functioning smooth\", said Ashutosh Singh, Uttar Pradesh regional sales manager IDBI Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203019", "title": "Dhanteras rings in gold rush", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Dhanteras, State Bank of India branches in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula sold gold worth Rs 44 lakh. In markets, a large number of people turned up to buy gold, considered auspicious on Dhanteras. SBI officials were satisfied with the turnover on Sunday. They expect brisk business on Monday as well, with special counters to be opened for the purpose. An SBI official said, \"Only three branches were open in Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula on Sunday but still we earned Rs 44 lakh. That is good business on a holiday.\"Where jewellery was concerned, the decision of many jewellers to offer gold jewellery at a discounted price paid off, with customers turning up at showrooms in large numbers. Chandigarh Jewellers' Association president Rajiv Sehdev said, \"Sales were good despite the slowdown. Our special offer drew people to showrooms.\"City-based jeweller Arun Talwar said they received customers from across Punjab.Members of the Chandigarh Jewellers' Association refused to divulge details of sales, but sources said business was brisk. However, sales could not be quantified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199859", "title": "Tehbazari posing serious security threat: Traders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though Delhi Police has stepped-up the security in most markets and banned vendors from using pavements to sell their wares, traders of Sarojini Nagar market and Palika Bazaar say that tehbazari is posing a serious security threat. Traders have blamed the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) for not being able to restrict the number of tehbazari vendors in these two popular markets.After the blast in Sarojini Nagar in 2005, traders are extra cautious when it comes to security during festive season. The NDMC has authorized 108 tehbazaris in Sarojini Nagar, but as per the Master Plan of Delhi-2021, three vendors are allowed outside every 10 shops. \"However, if you walk in the market, there are at least two vendors outside every shop occupying most parts of the pavements and walkways. With over one lakh people visiting the market daily during the festive season, the walkways should be free of encroachment,'' said Pramod Singh, president of Sarojini Nagar Market Association.Three months back, the NDMC had allotted 112 new tehbazaris in the market. But these vendors are yet to be given the licence to operate. While the traders' association claims that there is no space for more vendors, National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI) blames NDMC for poor planning. \"The NDMC has been sitting over the issue for months now. There is space in the market. It is just that the civic body has not made proper arrangements for these tehbazari vendors. There are a lot of vendors who still operate without a licence and there is a need to have proper enforcement. Those who have a licence should be allowed to earn their livelihood,\" said Arbind Singh, president of NASVI.Similarly, outside Palika Bazaar, hundreds of vendors continue to operate despite chief minister Sheila Dikshit's direction to NDMC to remove illegal tehbazaris. \"Almost all vendors leave their stuff on the pavements at night. During daytime there is no space to walk here,\" said Dinesh Gaur, president of Palika Bazaar Market Traders' Association.Police agree that tehbazaris are a serious security threat. A recent police order has warned of encroaching on footpaths and riding surface of thoroughfares. However, even though vendors are up in arms, cops said they will stick to their plans to ensure security. \"We hope we can explain to people that security cannot be taken for granted by the general public,\" said additional DCP (PRO), Rajan Bhagat.A senior NDMC official said, \"We are yet give 300-odd vendors permission to operate. A final decision regarding tehbazari will be taken soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203192", "title": "Stalls make parking lots narrower", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A municipal corporation decision is adding to traffic jams. As the city suffers from inadequate parking spaces, the civic body has allowed traders to set up stalls at these, turning a blind eye to the hassles commuters face in finding a place to station their vehicles.Shopkeepers, who have set up stalls in market parking lots, claimed that they had made the makeshift shops after submitting fee to the MC and that they had the permission slips issued by it.Parking lots of almost all the markets have been encroached upon. The situation is worst in sectors 22, 23, 19, 15, 34, 33, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 46, 47, 48, 45, and Manimajra, among others, where 40% to 50% of the parking space has been taken over by shopkeepers.DSP (traffic) Kamaldeep Singh said, \"Stalls and shops that have come up in parking lots are aggravating the traffic mess. The police should check these.\"Station house officer (SHO) of Sector 17 police station Ram Gopal said, \"The MC decision is quite surprising as it is compounding congestion on roads. In Sector 22 market, we have reduced encroachments to some extent.\"SHO of Sector 39 police station Charanjeet Singh said, \"We can't do anything, as MC has given them permission. The matter was discussed in a meeting with senior officers. The stalls are spelling trouble for commuters.\"MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said he was not aware of the matter and that he would look into it.Kashmira Singh, superintendent of MC enforcement and parking wing, said, \"Generally, MC allows stalls on paver block, but not at parking lots. We too are receiving a number of complaints. Action will be taken to check it.\"Sources in MC said, \"The civic body allots stalls in parking areas to earn more money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "auraiya (up)", "code": "17204935", "title": "Eight killed, 12 injured in fire-cracker explosion in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "AURAIYA (UP): Eight persons, including six members of a family, were killed and 12 others injured in an explosion on Tuesday in a house where fire-crackers were being manufactured illegally for the Diwali festival.The explosion took place at the house in Yaqoobpur town in Bela police station area on Tuesday morning, deputy superintendent of police Ashok Kumar Singh said.A loud explosion was heard after the fire-crackers caught fire, killing eight on the spot and injuring 12 others.The critically injured have been referred to a hospital in Kanpur.The fire crackers were being illegally manufactured in the house of Motilal and Ram Narain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204458", "title": "Son Of Sardaar: A full-on action-comedy", "text": "Every time Vindoo Dara Singh who plays a part of an extended patriarchal Punjabi parivaar in the Sikh heartland,opens his mouth to speak, he is shushed down by others saying, 'Silencer lagaa'.By God, at times you feel this loud, flamboyant, ostentatious yet\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall right, admit it\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsinfully engaging film should just pipe down.There is so much that's noisy about this film. And we aren't talking about Sandeep Chowta's over-accented background score. Yet it's never unpleasant noise.Son Of Sardaar takes us straightaway into the core of a family feud in Punjab where Sanjay Dutt, playing a goofy oddball of a Punjabi patriarch as only he can, wants our affable sardarji Ajay Devgn dead to fulfil an ancestral vendetta.Let me warn you right away that the IQ level of every character in this film is way below average. Every man in Ashwani Dhir's world of belligerent blood baths is more daft than the previous. The women are slightly more intelligent, though our leading lady Sonakshi Sinha , photogenic as she is, has begun to get repetitive in her chirpiness. Juhi Chawla as the woman who waits 25 years to marry Sanjay Dutt and then finally tells him, 'Sorry, I don't want to build my mandap over the grave of another woman's love \" is also intellectually challenged.The smartest character in this smarter-than-the-characters film is played by Tanuja who as the matriarch feigns senility whenever it suits her. And the men around her make it easy. They are incorrigibly dumb, you see.Love it or hate it, Son Of Sardaar is what a mainstream Hindi film is meant to be. A full-on masala-maar-ke action-comedy with dollops drama dripping from the edges like wet cheese in a tasty pizza. This is a film which is not just smarter than its character but also much more intelligent than it actually seems.Son Of Sardaar derives its feisty energy from the original Tamil film by S Rajamouli (Maryada Ramanna ). The feudal plot is transposed from Madurai to Punjab. With that journey that the plot undertakes the film acquires a whole lot of cocky humour and a kind of eclectic warmth that keeps popping up most unexpectedly.Providentially, Son Of Sardaar turns the vendetta saga on its head. The bloodshed between two warring families is converted into a crisp comic currency where the action speaks louder than the words. Director Ashwan Dhir, whose antecedents in television showup here in the episodic movement of the plot, sustains the action,comedy and drama in the same line of vision. Miraculously the plot moves steadily from mood to mood without seeming scattered. There is space even regular breaks for romance in the narration. Though the songs could have been avoided, the song breaks are pleasant.Son Of Sadaar is nothing more than a sum-total of various breaks as the plot speeds its way through a Punjabi feudal saga. By the time the chaos is all sorted out, the narration collapses in an exhausted but triumphant heap.This is a well-told story of ceaseless silliness buoyed by a sense of frenetic pleasure-seeking that leaves us exasperated and exhilarated at the same time. Some sequences such as Devgn and Sonakshi's first encounter in the train, overstay their welcome. Just like the mehmaan Paresh Rawal in Dhir's last Hindi film Atithee Tum Kab Jaoge Devgn refuses to leave once he enters Dutt's family home. The rather eccentric comic strain in the plot hinges on trying to get Devgn out of Dutt's home to settle an old family score.While Dutt is more satirical than sinister in his search for vendetta (and that's what the script requires him to be) Ajay Devgn's sardar act is brilliantly controlled and moderate. He plays the foreign-returned Sikh who is suddenly thrown into a fatuous feud with a sense of wonderment. The quips about sardar jokes and sardar quirks lend a self-deprecating transparency to the character. Ideally Akshay Kumar would've played this part. But Devgn takes the rather dimwitted but affable character to a higher than the goofy plane. This man knows when to act dumb.Among the truckloads of supporting players Mukul Dev as an oafish loutish drunkard stands out. But didn't he play the same character in Samir Karnik's Chaar Din Ki Chaandn i not too long ago? Come to think of it, haven't we visited the Punjabi heartland frequently enough since Imtiaz Ali's Jab We Met? Give this one a chance though.If you're looking for a Diwali entertainer look no more. Son Of Sardaar is a rollicking rumbustious wild and wacky action-comedy. It's a spaghetti-western relocated to Punjab that would keep Devgn's fans regaled. Even if you are not a big fan of the typical potboiler this one makes you smile.One question: Why was Juhi Chawla behaving like Dolly Bindra?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17201735", "title": "Fire haunting the houseboat industry", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The frequent incidents of houseboats catching fire are adversely affecting the houseboat industry here. Many tourists, who had booked houseboats in advance for the Diwali and Christmas season, have cancelled their boating trip after the incidents of fire-breakouts got publicity.As many as five houseboats were gutted and an employee was killed this year in the district.\"I stepped into the houseboat industry only recently expecting handsome returns. But unfortunately, fire has been haunting the industry with many tourists cancelling bookings after seeing reports of these incidents in the media,\" said A T Unni, owner of Sree Vasudev houseboat.Kerala houseboat owners association (KHOA) president Jomon Konnakaipilly said normally a houseboat would get at least 20 bookings a month during the tourism season. \"However, after the incidences of fire breakouts, boats now get only five to 10 bookings each. I received a call from a travel agency today (Monday) asking me to cancel their bookings. When I asked them the reason, they told me it was on account of fire. Some people have alleged that boat owners were purposefully setting houseboats afire to pocket the insurance money. But that's completely wrong. The five boats that were gutted this year did not have any insurance coverage,\" Jomon said.R R Joshiraj, a houseboat operator, said there were as many as 900 houseboats in the district and around 3,000 people were working in them. \"Fire breaks out mainly because of carelessness while handling gas cylinders and stoves. Though we tried to conduct an awareness class for the boat crews, none of them was willing to attend the class,\" he said.Ajith, a houseboat employee, said in many boats cans were being used as diesel tanks, and that owners were not replacing boat's old engines. \"So there are chances for sparks emanating from these old machines igniting the diesel stored in cans and the like. It's also true that some of the employees are careless,\" he added.Babu Varghese, a houseboat builder in Kuttanad, said if houseboats were constructed with ferro-cement, fire could be prevented up to some extend. \"The walls and many other parts of ordinary houseboats have been constructed using bamboo and bamboo mats. They will easily catch fire. In the last two years I have constructed three houseboats using ferro-cement,\" Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17205764", "title": "I am built for Test cricket, says Suresh Raina", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to prove his detractors wrong, Suresh Raina has stated that he was \"built\" for Test cricket and is working on playing the short ball -- perceived to be the batsman's weakness -- better.\"I know I am built for Test cricket. I have done well in Tests. I played well in the West Indies (last year). The first Test in England also went well for me. I am working hard.\"The number six or seven slot is a difficult one to bat at. Henceforth, I will ensure that I will prove I am capable of being a good Test player whenever I get a chance,\" Raina said.About being perceived as a limited-over cricketer, he said, \"People will talk about me being a one-day player but let them talk, I know I have time. (In Tests) I have been out eight or nine times to spinners and I am working on that.I have won Twenty20s and ODIs for India, (but) haven't got such a chance in Tests. As far as playing the short ball is concerned, he said he has been working on it.\"People talk about the short ball. I am leaving the ball well, I am playing it well. If I couldn't play the short ball, well, then I wouldn't have scored in the West Indies and also in England. People talk about all Indian players not playing the short ball well. We are working on it.\"Everyone is discussing it and we are getting better. I am feeling good, my body weight is balanced and mentally I am approaching the ball well. No player is perfect and he takes time to master a particular thing,\" he was quoted as saying.Left out of the squad for the first two Tests against England, the batsman said he was not too worried about selection.\"I don't know. Maybe I was thinking that I was going to be selected but that's a part of the game. Sometimes you do well and sometimes you don't. I have a couple of Ranji games,\" Raina said.\"I have played two and I am going to play a couple more before the selection for the third Test. I am enjoying the Ranji Trophy and not really thinking about the selection.\"Raina believed it's better to hone one's skills in domestic cricket then being excluded from the playing XI.\"I think it's better to play domestic cricket than just sit in the fifteen. Yuvraj (Singh) has made a good comeback after recovering from his ailment and he will get priority.\"Lots of matches (are) coming up, against Australia we have four Test matches (to play), and there are quite a few one-day matches. I am just concentrating on playing (domestic cricket), doing my fitness and hope to do well in the upcoming games.\"Raina said chief selector Sandip Patil met him recently and gave him confidence.\"Sandeep Patil sir had come (to watch the Ranji game in Pune) and said that I was the main guy in the team. He said that I shouldn't worry and just concentrate on the game. He said that I will make a comeback soon.\"He is a good human being. He has played a lot of international cricket and he knows what a player feels. So I felt nice when he walked up to me and gave me confidence.\"Asked to throw light on his recent comment that he wouldn't mind hiring a personal batting coach, Raina said: \"You can absolutely have a personal batting coach. You are earning a lot of money and you should invest that in coaches.\"Everyone thinks differently. Praveen Amre was my coach for a long time, I am comfortable with him. Gary Kirsten (former India coach) was a left-hander, and Stephen Fleming (Chennai Super Kings coach) is a left-hander too. Now we have Duncan Fletcher as the coach.\"Coaching is different at all times, Ranji Trophy is different. International cricket is different. I personally believe that domestic coaches are good for communication.They have seen you bat and they can talk to you about your game. You are getting a lot of money in the IPL but you can utilise the money. There is no harm in that. You can invest the money in a good way.And about his equation with India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Raina said, \"I am not a friend of the captain. No one in cricket is a friend. He is a professional cricketer and I am a professional cricketer.Off the field, everyone is friendly but on the field everyone looks at their own performance.\"Dhoni and I play for the same team, Chennai Super Kings , but apart from that there is nothing. People perceive that we are friends but then the same can be said about Sachin (Tendulkar) and Zak ( Zaheer Khan ). You need to use the word friend in the right context,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200929", "title": "Karzai lures Indian investors", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Afghanistan on Monday discussed the need for a strategic economic partnership between them with Afghan President Hamid Karzai urging PM Manmohan Singh to drive more investments into his country. While the two leaders discussed all regional and bilateral issues, the talks saw a special focus on deepening economic engagement in areas ranging from agriculture and small businesses to mining and infrastructure.The two countries also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), which will launch the third phase of small development projects, to address the socio-economic needs of the Afghan people, said Singh after his meeting with Karzai.\"We discussed the need to develop a strategic economic partnership, which will build on our economic synergies for mutual benefit,'' said Singh. Three other agreements for cooperation in the coal sector, fertilizers and youth affairs were also signed.\"My visit this time to India is focused particularly in talking to and asking and requesting Indian business to come to Afghanistan,\" Karzai said, adding that investment opportunities in Afghanistan now are better. The two sides also discussed the potential of the Chahbahar port in Iran for helping expand trade and transit opportunities and providing alternative transport routes for prosperity and development of the region.Reiterating his support for the ongoing reconciliation process in the country, and also beyond the period leading up to the 2014 transition, Singh said India backs the nation-building efforts of Afghanistan, especially in areas of governance, security and development.\"We also support efforts to achieve a lasting peace in Afghanistan that brings together all sections of Afghan society while preserving the achievements of the last decade, including in the area of women's rights. We respect the choices that the Afghan people make of their own free will,'' he said, adding that India's contribution to Afghanistan currently stood at $ 2 billion.Karzai wanted India to step up training of Afghan security forces \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in keeping with the strategic partnership agreement signed last year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and while Indian officials admitted that more forces are likely to be imparted training, they added that the numbers will still not be huge.\"The number is still very low and while it is going up, it is not substantial,'' said an official.The two leaders also discussed the changing situation in the region in terms of security and politics, especially post-2014 when the drawdown by international forces is complete. \"I expressed to President Karzai our belief that sustained international support and cooperation in all respects, including in combating terrorism emanating from the neighbourhood, will help Afghanistan meet these challenges,'' said Singh.\"The PM assured the President of Afghanistan of India's support as Afghanistan completes the crucial period of transition by 2014 and, noting the timeless nature of India-Afghanistan relations, reiterated the continuation of India's support in the period beyond transition,'' said a joint statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203060", "title": "Leona Lewis slams 'deplorable people'", "text": "Leona Lewis says that \"deplorable people\" have betrayed her trust over the years.The 27-year-old singer, who shot to fame in 2006 after winning the UK edition of ' The X Factor ', has admitted that it took her a while to learn who to trust.\"I've met some deplorable people over the past six years who have done some really bad things and I've seen their betrayal of my trust unfold before my eyes,\" Lewis told the Independent.\"It was hell but I've learnt from it and I'm much better at knowing who I should avoid,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201294", "title": "Talasha gets nod for Asian meet", "text": "PANAJI: Talasha Prabhu's consistent showing at the national level has earned her a place in the Indian squad for the 9th Asian Aquatic Championship to be held.Talasha, a goodwill ambassador with Dempo, has pushed the boundaries and gave a good account of herself during the recent Senior National Swimming Championship in Pune where she won gold medal including the coveted title of India's fastest female swimmer. This year, Talasha has already represented India at the FINA World Championship in Rome, Asian Youth Games in Singapore, Asian Age Group Championship in Indonesia and Asian Qualifying Championship in Malaysia.Talasha is the lone Goan in the elite Indian team that consists of eight men and four women. The team will leave for Dubai on November 13.The team is currently training in Bangalore and is reported to be high on confidence. Swimming Federation of India president Digambar Kamat has congratulated Talasha and wished her success for the championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203187", "title": "Annual Sports Day", "text": "Stepping Stones Primary School celebrated their annual function at Sports Complex Sector 7 Chandigarh. The little tiny tots, full of energy were in the best of their festive spirits. Their activities were fun filled and they displayed their skills at gymnastics, taekwondo and aerobics. The function was presided over by an alumnus of the school, Prashant Dua who while speaking on the occasion, relived those golden years he had spent in the school. Later, students of Stepping Stones Senior Secondary School, Sector-37 D, Chandigarh, displayed their talents in athletics, long jump, shotput, martial arts, gymnastics, aerobics and dances. The function was presided over by an esteemed alumnus Gaurav Sukhija.Bhandari takes over as principal The Sky School, Sec 21, Panchkula, is proud to announce that Santosh Bhandari would be starting her new innings as the principal of the school. National awardee Bhandari, had been working with the DAV Senior Secondary School, Sector 8, Panchkula, for 14 years as the principal. Essel Group has also come in as co-promoters to expand the vision and its realization for The Sky School.Annual Day Celebration The portals of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 15, Panchkula, ushered in the spirit of festivity on the occasion of its annual function held recently. In its unique way, it staged a satirical portrayal of a??a??Mahima Mahalakshmi Kia??a?? showcasing varied hues and flavours of a??moneya?? based on the idea conceived by the principal Dr Shashi Banerjee. The event commenced with the auspicious lighting of the lamp by the chief guest for the occasion, V Kamaraja (IPS) IGP Railways and Technical Services. Chairman of the Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan Managing Committee, Panchkula Kendra, Kulwant Singh, former chief secretary of Haryana, presided over the function.Capacity Building Workshop A a??Capacity Building Workshopa?? on Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation was organized by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) at Gurukul Global School, Chandigarh. Around 150 teachers from the different schools of the Tricity participated in the workshop. Principal Aruna Bhardwaj and resource persons from the CBSE Dr Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV School, Sector 15, Chandigarh, and Sarita Manuja, ELT expert and in-country advisor of Pearson, UK at CBSE initiated the workshop with the traditional diya lighting ceremony.Cross Country Marathon St John's High School, Sec 26, Chandigarh, as a part of their sports event for the upcoming Sports Day, held a cross country marathon for its students. The marathon started at Sukhna Lake and ended at the school. The route was monitored by teachers on duty with check points, water points and with medical team for the boys. The various categories were U-12, U-14, U-16 and U-19 which ran the distance of 5.5 km, 6.5 km, 7.0 km and 7.5 km, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201395", "title": "Most firecracker mishaps occur due to carelessness, ignorance: Experts", "text": "PUNE: Injuries by firecrackers are common during Diwali. Lack of knowledge about safety measures, absence of parental supervision and failure to maintain safe distance from firecrackers are the prominent reasons for such mishaps, say experts.\"Most mishaps involving firecrackers happen due to carelessness and ignorance,\" said eye surgeon Jeevan Ladi. \"The other major cause of injury is the practice of igniting firecrackers in the streets, thus exposing passersby to injury,\" he said.The fact that many cases of firecracker-related injuries are being seen every year highlights the need to regulate firecracker use and to enforce safety precautions. The single most effective measure would be to restrict bursting of fireworks to public open spaces, such as parks or playgrounds. \"Regulating the quality of firecrackers and promoting safety measures via schools and media will also have a positive impact,\" Ladi said.Cosmetic surgeon Sunil Keswani, medical director of National Burns Centre, Navi Mumbai, said, \"Most burns due to firecrackers injure the hands, face and eyes. They are superficial and can be treated by dressing the wounds. But some burns are deep and require reconstructive surgery. Simple precautions can help avoid such burns.\"\"In case of a burn injury, hold the injured part under running tap water till the burning sensation subsides. Don't apply creams or ointments. Cover the part with sterile gauze and bandages. Consult a doctor immediately,\" said Keswani.Eyes are vulnerable and can easily sustain an injury due to a firecracker. \"If there is a burn injury to the eye, cover it with a sterile cotton pad and go to a hospital immediately. If there is a penetrating injury, don't wash the eyes. But if a small particle of the firecracker enters the eye, wash the eye with clean water and consult an ophthalmologist,\" said eye surgeon Aditya Kelkar of National Institute of Ophthalmology.\"Children are particularly vulnerable during Diwali since they are the most enthusiastic about lighting crackers,\" Sharad Agarkhedkar, president of the city chapter of Indian Medical Association.He said children should be told about the dangers involved in bursting firecrackers without adequate precautions. \"People should make sure that a responsible adult, to whom the children listen, is present when they are lighting firecrackers. Warn children against holding crackers in their hands while lighting them,\" Agarkhedkar said.People suffering from asthma and other respiratory ailments should be more cautious during Diwali, as firework fumes can aggravate their condition. A study undertaken by the city-based Chest Research Foundation (CRF) two years ago had revealed that 25% of the population is affected adversely by the fumes emitted by firecrackers during Diwali.\"Those with a history of respiratory ailments such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease can worsen their condition by inhaling these pollutants,\" chest physician Sundeep Salvi, director of CRF said.The CRF study assessed the levels of ambient gaseous air pollutants - carbon monoxide, sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and dioxide - emitted during the period in a residential area, and the impact on the respiratory health of people.Among the most harmful pollutants is sulphur dixoide. \"Two years ago, the level of sulphur dioxide in the air during Diwali was two hundred times above the limit prescribed by World Health Organisation,\" said Salvi.\"We found that during Diwali, bursting firecrackers led to a huge spike in the levels of gases like sulphur dioxide and nitric oxide in the air,\" he added.Flower pots (anar), sparklers and spinning wheels are the worst gas-emitting crackers. People suffering from respiratory ailments should stay away from them.FOR SAFE CELEBRATIONS* Let only one person light a cracker at a time, while others watch from a safe distance* Use a long candle or a sparkler to light firecrackers and keep the elbow joint straight* Keep few buckets of water handy. In the event of a fire, extinguish the flame by pouring water* Turn off the regulators of your cooking gas cylinders and do not keep them in the balconies or open spaces where they can be hit by stray rockets* Protect your pets. Loud crackers can make pets jittery and they can become violent* Use cotton ear plugs for infants* Don't ignite fireworks while holding them in your hand* Don't approach a cracker that fails to burst or tamper with misfired fireworks* Don't place crackers in a container while lighting them or carry fireworks in the pocket* Don't attempt to make fireworks at home* Never allow small children to handle fireworks* Keep firecrackers away from burning candles and earthen lamps (diyas)* Light firecrackers in open areas, not narrow lanes* Wear thick cotton clothes, not synthetic materials. Secure all clothing, like dupattasIN CASE OF A BURN INJURY* Hold the wound under running tap water till the burning sensation reduces* If fingers or toes are burned, try and separate them with dry, sterile, non-adhesive dressings* Rush the victim to the hospital immediately* Avoid any kind of friction or pressure on the wound* Cover the wound with a moist sterile bandage (do not use a blanket or towel to cover the burns)* Consult a doctor for proper medication* Consult an ophthalmologist immediately in case of eye injuries* After extinguishing the fire, remove all burning clothes. Wrap the victim in a clean bedsheet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "17201776", "title": "Drums, horns usher in Vrischikolsavam", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Hundreds of panchaari melam artists ushered in the eight-day long Vrischikolsavam, the annual festival of Sree Poornathrayeesha Temple here on Monday.Soon after the Nadaswaram recital to mark the formal beginning of this year's melam, Peruvanam Kuttan Marar presented the first beat (kaalam idal) of panchaari melam with nearly 120 experts in chenda, kurumkuzhal, elathaalam and kombu (horn) participating.It was followed by atantha melam on chenda by Kuttan marar, Peruvanam Satheeshan Marar and Chovalloor Sunil followed by chembada melam which is popular here as nadappura kalaasham. The staging of these three melams will continue day and night till November 19.\"I represent the third generation of my family starting from grandfather Pandaarathil Eachara Marar who started performing in the 1940s. In those days, Vrischikolsavam was conducted under patronage of Kochi Royal family,\" said Kuttan Marar.\"After my granduncle Peruvanam Narayana Marar's turn, my father Peruvanam Appu Marar became the Pramaanai (leader) in the late 1960s. From those days onwards I have been participating as an accompanying drummer for my father and also for his successor, Thrippekkulam Achutha Marar. After he retired due to ill health, I took over. From 1940 till date, at least one member of my family has been here in the presence Lord Sree Poornathrayeesha. I also celebrate all my birthdays on the most auspicious day of Vrischikolsavam, Thrikketta Purappadu, as my birth star is Thrikketta in Vrischikam,\" he said.Tripunithura: Hundreds of hands echoing the rhythm of panchaari melam heralded the eight-day long Vrischikolsavam, the annual festival of Sree Poornathrayeesha temple in Kochi on Monday.Soon after the Nadaswaram recital, to mark the formal beginning of this year's melam, Peruvanam Kuttan Marar presented the first ever beat (kaalam idal) of melodious panchaari melam with nearly 120 experts in chenda, kurumkuzhal, elathaalam and kombu (horn).It was followed by atantha melam on chenda by Kuttan marar, Peruvanam Satheeshan Marar and Chovalloor Sunil followed by chembada melam which is popular here as nadappura kalaasham. The staging of these three melams will continue day and night till November 19.\"I have been representing the third generation of my family starting from grandfather Pandaarathil Eachara Marar somewhere in 1940s, when the Vrischikolsavam was conducted under patronage of Kochi Royal family,\" said Kuttan Marar. \"After my granduncle Peruvanam Narayana Marar's turn, my father Peruvanam Appu Marar became the Pramaanai (leader) in the late 1960s. From those days onwards I have been participating as an accompanying drummer for my father and also for his successor in leadership, Thrippekkulam Achutha Marar. After he retired due to ill health, I took over as the third generation of my family. From 1940 to till date, at least one member of my family has been here in the presence Lord Sree Poornathrayeesha. I also celebrate all my birthdays that too on the most auspicious day of Vrischikolsavam, Thrikketta Purappadu, as my birth star is Thrikketta in Vrischikam,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200060", "title": "Posters to deter slingshot killing of birds released", "text": "NASHIK: The Nature Conservation Society of Nashik (NCSN) and the forest department jointly released posters, flexes and pamphlets on Monday\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the birth anniversary of noted ornithologist Dr Salim Ali\u00e2\u20ac\u201d to stop use of slings to kill birds in tribal areas.The posters and flexes will be put up at schools, village temples and other public places in the villages of Harsul where the use of slings to hunt birds is rampant. The NCSN and the west division of the forest department are carrying this out and 4,000 posters will be made and put up in Harsul.The posters have photos and names of birds and an appeal to save the forest and the birds. \"We will start putting up the posters within a week. We also need to do this for Peth, Surgana, Igatpuri and other tribal areas where slings are used to hunt birds,\" said Bishwaroop Raha, NSCN president.\"We have been conducting awareness campaigns in Harsul and now the use of slings have reduced by around 70%,\" he said.He said that birds are important for the ecosystem since they eat insects, mosquitoes, worms etc and save crops from harmful pests. \"\"They can therefore protect us from mosquito-related diseases like dengue, malaria, etc,\" he said.He said birds like peacocks, yellow-legged green pigeon - the state bird, shikra, jungle babbler, red-whiskered bulbul, drongo, black-headed oriole yellow-fronted pied woodpecker, scarlet minvet and others were seen in Harsul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201941", "title": "State seeks Centre's word over Manganese Ore India Limited mines expansion", "text": "NAGPUR: Findings of the Comptroller and General (CAG) in coal block and 2G spectrum allocations have prompted the state government to seek the Centre's advice before allowing city-based PSU, Manganese Ore India Limited (MOIL), a prospecting licence (PL) for further expanding its mines. PL is a process which precedes mining, by carrying out a detailed estimate of the reserves in an area.Around 800 hectares of land have been reserved for MOIL to start mining in Bhandara and Nagpur districts by the Central government. The reservation has been granted under the Mines and Minerals Development Regulations (MMDR) Act, on the basis of a recommendation by the state itself. The PSU, over a year ago, had sought a PL from the state government. As a matter of routine, the application was forwarded to the Central Ministry of Mines for its opinion. However, even as the Centre has given an initial approval to mining in the reserved area, the state has reverted to the former seeking a further clarification, informed a source in this PSU.The state's department of mines has asked if the 2G case will have any impact on the issuing of the licence on the land which is reserved for MOIL under the PSU allocation mode. It was in the light of the Supreme Court verdict on 2G allocations which cancelled the 122 telecom licenses stressing that auction should be the right method of giving away the country's natural resources.However, sources in MOIL expect that they will get a green signal from the Centre soon. In a later development following the coalgate revelations apex court has also observed that auction could not be the sole method of giving away natural resources. It may be just a matter of time the company will get the prospecting licence. The land is mainly in continuation of the company's existing mines, existing mines, said the source in this PSU.MOIL which is a mini-ratna company was disinvested in 2010, with 10% of the stake offloaded through an initial public offer (IPO). This government company is also scouting for mines abroad as it feels that the reserves in India will fall short of the domestic demand. Currently the country imports around 20 lakh tonnes of manganese which is around 80% of the total domestic production, with MOIL being the largest player in this business. It has lately received expression of interests from consultancy firms to offer their services for buying the mine blocks abroad. The names would be shortlisted soon. MOIL is looking for manganese in countries like Turkey, South Africa , Brazil and Australia, the source said. However, it would require thorough due diligence. The mines abroad need to be acquired as the Indian manganese ore has a lower grade and it has to be blended with the foreign mineral, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201320", "title": "Student hospitalized, 7 others continue hunger strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The deadlock over hike in food prices continued at Panjab University on Monday. As seven students remained on hunger strike, the eighth one was hospitalized as his condition deteriorated.Even the police officials could cut no ice with the protesters. Seeing no let up, mess and canteen contractors again threatened to quit if forced to give food on subsidized rates.Messes in hostel number 2 and 8 have already been closed temporarily.Manoj Lubana, president of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) which is the incumbent student body, and other members of Panjab University Campus Students' Council (PUCSC) convened a meeting with mess and canteen contractors. However, no consensus on the issue was reached.\"We will not let the authorities light up the campus or hostels. Because of their insensitive attitude, we will observe a black Diwali,\" said an economics department student and member of Students' Federation of India.A contractor at PU said, \"If the protesters are ready to run cooperative messes and serve a meal at Rs 24, then we are ready to give up our contracts.\"Another contractor said, \"We will quit if the parents of protesters say the price hike is unjustified.\"The mess contractor of boys' hostel number 5 said, \"A Panjab University Students' Union member is yet to foot a bill of Rs 1 lakh.\" Other contractors too raised the issue of defaulters not paying the mess bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200824", "title": "Staff crunch may cost Madras university dept special status", "text": "CHENNAI: The department of crystallography and biophysics of the University of Madras, set up by a favoured disciple of Nobel laureate Sir C V Raman, is at risk of losing a special status it is entitled to because of low faculty strength. In the 60th year of its formation, it faces the risk of not getting the University Grants Commission's tag of Centre for Advanced Study and Excellence after waiting for 15 years.It was after he set up the department in 1952 that molecular biophysicist G N Ramachandran hit upon the discovery of the collagen triple helix - a discovery which academics said narrowly missed bagging a Nobel. The centre also boasts hosting 30 Nobel laureates, including India-born Venkataraman Ramakrishnan.The department, on the Maraimalai Adigalar campus of the university in Guindy, has everything going for it except a head count of affiliated faculty. Records show it had a staff strength of 15 when Prof Ramachandran was on campus. Now there are four staff members, with the head of the department set to retire in 2015 .\"This department was considered the mecca of crystallography in the country. It's a shame to the memory of Prof Ramachandran that it's going to lose its stature,\" said head of the department D Velmurugan.After functioning under the UGC's Special Assistance Programme (SAP) for 15 years, the department could qualify to get the Centre for Advanced Study status if there are at least six faculty members. Existing members said they had been reminding the administration to appoint more faculty since 2009 when professor S Ramachandran was vice-chancellor. After he passed the baton to G Thiruvasagam, the battle to get academics continued till he retired this year. When an advertisement was put out for recruitment of faculty in university departments, some university faculty went to court saying the roster system was not followed during the interview bringing the process to a halt.\"Our department meets all the roster requirements. We have been asking the university to issue a separate advertisement calling for applications only for our department so it doesn't go the way of others that lost their chances,\" said prof Velmurugan.This department was considered the mecca of crystallography in the country. It's a shame to the memory of Prof Ramachandran that it's going to lose its stature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200408", "title": "Brace for jams as trade fair begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected near Pragati Maidan from November 14-27 due to India International Trade Fair. About 1 lakh visitors are expected at the fair every day, which may cause jams at Mathura Road, Bhairon Marg, Ring Road, Shershah Road and Purana Qila Road.\"Nobody will be allowed to halt or park near Mathura Road and Bhairon Marg; defaulters will be issued a challan of Rs 600 and their cars will be towed away. Those not attending the fair are advised to take alternative routes,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.There will be no entry to the fair after 4pm on weekends and after 6pm on weekdays. Tickets will be sold up to 2pm on weekends and up to 4pm on weekdays. Entry to the fair will be restricted to business visitors from November 14-18; general public would be allowed afterwards. Cops have closed U-turns on Mathura Road and the right turn from Mathura Road to Purana Qila road and Bhagwan Das Road during the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17207328", "title": "Husband, wife die of heart attack within 24-hour", "text": "MYSORE: A homemaker is suspected to have died of cardiac arrest during her husband's funeral rites in Heggadadevana Kote on Tuesday, a family source said.Husband Devaiah (45) of Sattigehundi village, some 65 kms away from Mysore city, died of heart attack on Monday at 1.30 pm. As his wife Kempalamma (33) was ill and bedridden since few weeks, the family member didn't inform her about Devaiah's death till the funeral rites, which was scheduled on Tuesday.Police confirmed that Kempalamma collapsed on a chair while performing funeral rites around 12 noon on Tuesday. Later, the husband and wife were taken in a funeral procession and buried side by side in the village.Family members said the couple was married for 18 years and only recently, Kempalamma fell sick and was bedridden since two weeks. Her husband was taking care of her since then. All of sudden, Devaiah developed health problem and died of heart attack. A day later, his wife too died of cardiac arrest.The couple leaves behind four sons aged between 10 years and 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17206998", "title": "Preparations on for grand art event", "text": "Bangalore: Preparations are on for for Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012, the largest international contemporary art event ever to take place in India soon. The trials are witnessing a collaboration between artists, government, private art patrons and international cultural organisations.Artists are travelling to Kochi, Kerala, from across India and the globe to conduct research, select spaces and develop proposals for site-specific projects. Artists from Australia, Afghanistan, UAE, South Korea, Argentina, Netherlands, UK, and all over India have started work on projects for exhibition at the Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012 which opens to the public from December 12.Primary Biennale venues include the 150-year-old Durbar Hall in downtown Kochi, recently renovated by the Kochi Biennale Foundation, and David Hall , a restored Dutch bungalow in Fort Kochi. Spice warehouses, heritage structures, theatres, halls and public spaces are also on the map of this city-wide festival of art.Pepper House, a historic spice trading godown with Dutch-style clay roofs and a large courtyard, once used to store goods for loading onto ships anchored in Kochi harbour, will provide the event 16,000 sq ft of exhibition space and artist residency studios.According to the organisers, Kochi-Muziris Biennale's aim is to establish a sustainable platform for contemporary art in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203354", "title": "Packed with Talent", "text": "LUDHIANA: The closing ceremony of annual athletic meet of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, was held on Sunday with great enthusiasm. The programme commenced with 'shabad' recitation to seek the blessings of the Almighty. This was followed by the welcome address of principal Gurmant Kaur Gill. Next the guests took the salute of the parade which was followed by various ground events.In the 800 metre race, Kamaljeet Singh won in the race in boys' category, while Savleen Kaur grabbed the first place from the girls' category. Harmeet Singh (boys) and Savleen Kaur (girls) won the first prize in the discuss throw event. Meanwhile, in the 4x100 metre relay race, Green and Red House secured the first place. In the tug-of-war event (senior boys), Gold House won the first prize. A spectacular show of PT display, band display, yoga, aerobics and pyramids was also presented by the students. Overall best house trophy was lifted by Green House.Karandeep Singh (senior), Sharandeet Singh (junior) and Ishmeet Singh (sub-junior) were declared the best players among the boys, while Narpinder Kaur (senior), Ravneek Kaur (junior) and Dilpreet Kaur (sub-junior) were declared the best players among girls. On the occasion, the players who had participated in state and national tournaments were also honoured.Students also presented a lively bhangra with traditional games like gatka, kikli, bhanda bhandaria, ko kala paki, kabaddi and weightlifting. In the end national anthem was sung by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201329", "title": "2 cane farmers killed as protest turns violent", "text": "PUNE: Two farmers were killed, one of them in police firing, while three policemen were injured and an unspecified number of vehicles were either damaged or burnt after an agitation by sugarcane farmers for higher prices for their crop turned violent in western Maharashtra on Monday.Chandrakant Nalawade, a small farmer from Vasagade village in Sangli, was killed when police opened fire to control the agitating farmers after they reportedly turned violent and torched a police motorcycle. In Indapur, another farmer, Kundalik Kokate, died after he was thrown off balance while deflating the tyre of a truck. Kokate died of head injuries.Superintendent of police Manoj Lohiya said Kokate, from Narotewadi village, and other protesters had stopped the sand-laden truck and tried to deflate the tyres.The news of the farmers' death and the detention of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna (SSS) leader Raju Shetty spread fast, triggering rioting in the entire western Maharashtra. The protestors blocked traffic and targeted vehicles at random. State transport buses, police and private vehicles were stoned and torched across the region. Police resorted to a lathi-charge and arrested or detained thousands of farmers.Hundreds of passengers were left stranded at the Swargate bus stand in Pune as the state transport administration stopped buses leaving for parts of western Maharashtra. The agitating farmers had blocked traffic on the Pune-Bangalore highway and other roads in the region, including Pune, Sangli, Satara, Solapur and Kolhapur districts.MSRTC operations affected as 40 buses damagedAs many as 40 state transport buses were damaged on the Pune-Solapur and Pune-Kolhapur routes by agitating sugarcane farmers on Monday. A bus going to Kolhapur was set on fire near Peth naka.Besides MSRTC buses, many private vehicles including private buses, were set on fire at various locations on the Kolhapur highway.MSRTC officials said buses were stuck for more than five hours at Karad on the Kolhapur highway and at Bhigvan on the Solapur highway. Glass panes were broken and tyres were punctured of about 40 buses. Passengers who had planned to travel to their native places for the festivities were hit hard as their buses failed to reach the destinations till late evening.\"Operations remained disrupted since morning. Around 200 trips from Swargate were either cancelled or rescheduled. Besides ordinary and semi-luxury buses, the Shivneri services to Bangalore, Kolhapur and Sangli remained affected through the day. The buses were stuck at Karad and Indapur,\" said an MSRTC official.Pune-bound buses from Sangli, Kolhapur and Solapur were blocked by agitators. Local bus operations were also thrown out of gear at MSRTC's depots at Sangli, Kolhapur, Solapur and Barshi. There were no reports of any injuries to passengers, said an official.The MSRTC officials said that operations on other routes including Mumbai, Nashik and Aurangabad remained unaffected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200896", "title": "Chennai-based burglars held in Tiruvallur", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a band of racketeers for burgalries in and around Tiruvallur and recovered gold jewellery worth 15 lakh on Monday.Police said inquiries about the burglaries in and around Tiruvallur revealed that they were committed by a gang whose memembers were not local residents. Tiruvallur superintendent of police Rubesh Kumar Meena said special teams arrested Pandian alias Sathya, 22, of Vyasarpadi, Thangaraj, 22, of Mylapore and Karthik, 30, of Chromepet. Their modus operandi was to narrow down on a house to strike, loot the place and return to Chennai. This kept them out of the police radar for a long time, police said. Police nabbed the accused when they were riding on a bike near Tiruvallur on Monday.The three suspects confessed their involvement in the burglaries during questioning, police said. Based on their confession, police recovered at least 500 grams of gold jewellery worth 15 lakh. The trio were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17204985", "title": "Varanasi Municipal Corporation to conduct cleanliness campaign post-Diwali", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) will carry out an extensive cleanliness campaign to clean the crackers waste after Diwali celebration comes to an end on Wednesday morning.All the 2600 safai workers of VMC will carry out massive road sweeping and garbage collection on Wednesday. According to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, once the crackers are burnt, infinite amount of paper waste is often found scattered acorss the road and the same time, a huge amount of garbage is thrown on roads once people start cleaning their homes, offices, and shops in view of the Diwali festivities. To keep people away from throwing garbage on roads, we have already started imposing fines on people, more than 100 such fines have been imposed on people dwelling in residential colonies and serpentine lanes, informed Singh. The cleanliness work and imposing fine for throwing garbage on roads will not be a temporary affair but will also be carried out further as well, he added.Notably, while the VMC is tightening its grip to maintain sanitary and hygienic conditions in city, people are throwing out more garbage as compared to normal days. Few safai workers of VMC are burning the garbage at various places instead of taking it to the dumping grounds and near by regional collection centres (RCCs).A number of such cases were seen at Mehmoorganj, Gurubagh, Luxa and few residential areas near Chowkaghat, Jagatganj, Ravindrapuri, Sigra and trans-Varuna regions.However, according to Singh, the correct way of waste disposal is to take the road swept garbage to respective RCCs from where the collection is taken to the dumping grounds. If any the safai workers are caught burning the garbage in city, they will be fined and action will be taken against them, informed Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201184", "title": "Both drivers have good track record: Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation", "text": "PUNE: State transport officials on Monday said the drivers of the two buses involved in an accident at the Swargate bus terminus on Sunday, in which a 10-year-old boy was crushed to death, were experienced and did not have a history of accidents or rash driving.Amol Bajantri was killed when his family was rushing to catch a bus to Bijapur. The family was boarding the Bijapur-bound bus parked near platform number 10. Another bus, which had arrived from Baramati, was parked ahead of the bus. Amol was walking behind his siblings, mother and uncle when suddenly the bus in the front reversed, crushing Amol between the two buses.Officials said the two drivers - Madhukar Dixit, who belongs to Swargate depot, and Sahebrao Shende, from Baramati depot - have been suspended. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation has ordered a departmental probe into the accident.\"Both drivers have good track record. Dixit has been awarded a badge for 15 years of safe driving,\" an MSRTC official. Drivers have been instructed to be extra careful while driving in crowded areas, particularly while entering and leaving bus termini.Drivers have been asked not to over-speed buses in the terminusDrivers and conductors have been told not to violate parking norms at bus bays. \"Conductors are supposed to assist drivers while parking the buses,\" the official said.The corporation will soon put up instruction boards for drivers and conductors at all the three terminals in the city, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17200894", "title": "Lighting up lives on Diwali", "text": "On Diwali day, Dr V Jayaraman will attend a puja at home, have breakfast with his family and report for duty by 8am. It has been almost 30 years since the head of the burns and plastic surgery department at Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital took a holiday on Diwali.Even as Chennaiites gear up to celebrate Diwali, the primary centre for burn injury treatment in the city adds a few beds and says a silent prayer that the ward remains empty. \"Last year, we had just six patients with 20% to 40% burns, so it was a light day,\" says Dr Jayaraman. Increased awareness about safety has brought down the number of patients to single digits, giving time for the staff to have breakfast with patients, distribute sweets and spend time together.Doctors like Jayaraman, fire service personnel, police, paramedics and conservancy workers are among the people who work hard on Diwali, cutting down on time with families and friends. An informal note has been circulated to all the police stations in the city stating that no one should seek leave during Diwali, sources said. Sekar*, a sub-inspector who got married recently, will be regulating traffic instead of celebrating his thalai Diwali or first Diwali after marriage. \"I got married late, as no one was ready to give their daughter to a policeman. I married a relative, so they are familiar with my working hours,\" says Sekar, who is planning to visit a temple near his house before he reports for duty on Diwali. He has no regrets. \"I enjoy my work. During the day, I help many passers-by and pedestrians,\" he says.The fire and rescue services are also on call. \"We will be busy during Diwali and the day after putting out fires caused by crackers,\" says Mahadevan*, a fireman. Though he didn't know he would be on duty on public holidays when he joined the service in 2006, his work gives him satisfaction. \"We can save lives only if we reach the spot immediately,\" he says. \"I have saved several people from fires and they bless us.\"Some people whose work goes almost unnoticed are the conservancy workers who don't get a day off. P Praveen Kumar , a conservancy worker and supervisor with Ramki Enviro who is posted at Teynampet, will report for work as usual on Tuesday morning. \"I will be there by 6.30am, in my usual blue uniform,\" he says. It has been six years since Praveen and his wife celebrated Diwali in the morning but he doesn't mind anymore. \"I go home at 3pm and have fun. Seeing my kids burst crackers is something I never miss,\" he says.(*names changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203814", "title": "200 winter allowance", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Monday said beneficiaries of old-age pension, widow pension and physical disability allowances will get Rs 200 per annum as assistance for warm clothes. The allowance will be doled out during payment of monthly pension or allowance on December 15.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik issued the direction in this regard to the officials concerned. This government's decision will benefit about 27 lakh old age person, six lakh widow and four lakh physical disabled persons in the state and cost Rs 74 crore to the state exchequer per annum, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201293", "title": "'Get defence authorities' nod for road work on their land'", "text": "PUNE: The state government has directed the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to carry out road construction work on defence land only after obtaining permission from the defence authorities.The civic body has undertaken several widening works, including the ones on BRT routes where defence land is required.A proposal of the civic administration states that the defence authorities have approved 15 proposals for road widening and have demanded a total of Rs 158.17 crore for defence land.The civic body has paid a total of Rs 89.53 crore to the defence authorities for obtaining land. These include Rs 27.82 crore for the widening of Pune-Mumbai highway; Rs 50.98 crore for the Aundh-Ravet road widening; Rs 8.96 crore for widening Nashik phata-Wakad road in Pimpale Saudagar and Rs 1.75 crore for an 18-metre wide road in Pimpale Saudagar.The principal secretary of the state urban development department (UDD) held a meeting in May this year and issued directives that road construction work be conducted on defence land only after obtaining permission from the defence authorities.Meanwhile, the PCMC will pay Rs 11.43 crore to the defence authorities for acquiring defence land for widening the Pune-Alandi Road, said Shirish Poreddy, PCMC spokesperson from the engineering department.The civic body, at present, is conducting the repair and maintainance of the Pune-Alandi Road which is owned by the state Public Works Department (PWD). A three-km stretch - from Dighi to Wadmukhwadi - of the road passes through defence area. While the present width of the road is 22 metres, the civic body wants to widen the road to 60 metres and is seeking land from the defence authorities.Dighi corporator Asha Supe said the existing road in Dighi is very narrow. There are frequent traffic snarls and long queues of vehicles near PCMC and PMC octroi posts, which increases traffic congestion. Supe said many minor accidents have occurred on this road. There are schools along the road. Hence, there is an urgent need to widen the road to reduce traffic congestion, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200954", "title": "Diwali binge ups sugar levels, sets off a scare", "text": "CHENNAI: It is the time of the year when doctors are on their toes, but for the last couple of years diabetologists too have been busy. While burn injuries and road accidents are usually reported during Diwali, diabetes too is requiring emergency care.Wednesday, the day when most diabetics will be on their way to recovery, is also World Diabetes Day. \"Post Diwali, we get at least 20% more patients than normal days,\" said Dr V Mohan, who runs several diabetes centres.Some patients check their blood sugar levels at home after gorging on sweets, get a scare and head to hospital. Others just feel plain guilty and drop in on their doctor to reassure themselves that the bingeing has had no side-effects.\"We put them on a strict diet and, if required, alter medication and sometimes give an increased dose of insulin,\" said Dr Mohan.Doctors say that while it is cruel to tell diabetics to stay away from sweets, it is important for them to show restraint. \"Eating sweets is part of the Indian way of life. We cannot tell them not to eat. Even if we do, they will not follow orders. The key is for patients to limit the amount they eat and also try sugar-free varieties,\" said Dr K Baraneedharan, consultant, Global Health City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17201757", "title": "China eyes west-educated leaders for future", "text": "BEIJING: Education in the United States, Europe and top five universities in China is one of the prerequisites for selection of the next generation of Communist Party leaders, said a senior party official on Monday. Another criterion is age: only people born between 1950 and 1970 need apply.\"Persons with strong academic degrees and professional training are more suitable for the requirements of the current economic and social development,\" said Dai Yanjun, an expert on party building with the Communist Party School.\"They participated in, witnessed and benefitted from reform and opening up, and know what was it like before, so none of them will look back,\" said Xie Chuntao, another expert with the party school functioning under the powerful Central Committee. These officials are not rigid or conservative, and they will guarantee the adherence to reform and opening up the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, he said.The move effectively rules out people more than 62 years old, many of whom received education in the erstwhile Soviet Union or Communist-run Eastern Europe or were products of \"wartime situation\" working as revolutionaries under Mao Zedong.It also signals the rolling of many heads of government and party organizations once the Hu Jintao regime is replaced by one ruled by vice president Xi Jingping, expected to be the next President.Explaining the preference for persons born after 1950, Dai said these people have witnessed and undergone severe tests during the Great Leap Forward in 1958 and \"three years of natural disasters\" (1959-1961 ) besides the turbulent Cultural Revolution (1966-1976 ).\"In short, they all went through starvation and had the experience of working hard in rural areas,\" Dai was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency.\"They are victims of Cultural Revolution. They witnessed the ups and downs of China's development and the success of the national rejuvenation . They are firm supporters of reform and opening up,\" he said.Going by Dai's comments, party leaders opposing further economic liberalization will not be given new opportunities , and will be weeded out of their current positions. The disgraced Communist leader, Bo Xilai , was one of those opposing certain aspects of liberalization and trying to evoke what he thought was the golden era of Mao Zedong.\"Unlike the previous generations who studied in the Soviet Union, many of the leading officials were sent or chose to study in the United States and developed European countries, gaining a broad international vision,\" the official Xinhua news agency said in an article based on an interview with Dai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17202506", "title": "West Indies recover to 228-3 at tea on day 1", "text": "DHAKA: Bangladesh spinner Sohag Gazi had a debut to remember, taking two key wickets and a good catch before West Indies reached 107-3 at lunch on the opening day of the first Test in Dhaka on Tuesday.ScorecardThe 21-year-old off-spinner opened the bowling attack and dismissed Chris Gayle (24) and Darren Bravo (14) in his first spell to halt West Indies's progress who won the toss and decided to bat at Shere Bangla stadium.Opener Kieran Powell was batting on 41 and with him veteran Shivnarine Chanderpaul on nought at the interval.Gayle greeted the debutant with aggression, smashing the first and fourth ball of the match by Gazi for big sixes before clobbering two fours off paceman Shahadat Hossain to threaten Bangladesh's bowling attack.But the young spinner soon had revenge, having the flamboyant opener caught at long-off in his fifth over.Bravo added 42 for the second wicket before miscuing a drive off Gazi and was caught at point to leave the West Indies at 74-2.Marlon Samuels then helped add another 32 for the third wicket before falling to Hossain -- thanks to a good catch by Gazi -- in the last over before lunch after scoring 16.Powell remained steady, hitting five boundaries and a six.The tourists handed Test cap to 23-year-old left-arm spinner Veerasammy Permaul in anticipation of turn in the later stages of the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204057", "title": "Ashton Kutcher's role as Steve Jobs is uncanny, says co-star Josh Gad", "text": "Josh Gad, who plays Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in the upcoming biopic about the late tech visionary Steve Jobs, is all praise for his co-star Ashton Kutcher , calling his act as uncanny in the film.Ashton is going to blow a lot of people away. His performance was absolutely transformational, Gad told Us magazine at the BAFTA Britannia Awards in Los Angeles on November 7.If he looked any more like Steve Jobs, I think it would just confuse a lot of people in thinking Steve Jobs never passed away. It's that uncanny, he said. And indeed, photographs from the set seem to verify the resemblance.In one picture, Kutcher, 34 -- a tech entrepreneur in his own right -- channels the Apple Inc. icon in jeans, sneakers, a sweater vest, and round rimless glasses like the kind Jobs used to wear.But it wasn't just the actor's physical makeover that impressed his co-star. He really immersed himself, Gad said.I think he has an appreciation for Steve Jobs, the likes of which I've never seen in any actor who's portrayed a real, living person.Besides that, Ashton is one of the most giving actors I've ever worked with. I was surprised by his work every day, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200066", "title": "80 complaints of Lokshahi Din yet to be resolved", "text": "NASHIK: Eighty complaints received by the collectorate for the Lokshahi Din are as yet pending. Among these, eight are waiting for various agencies to comply since the past three to five months.The collectorate receives at least 50 cases per Lokshahi Din, but most complaints are related to personal quarrels, or personal beneficiaries and the persons seeking justice from the respective departments where they work or were working.\"The concept is to solve problems faced by from the respective departments and hence citizens whose applications for the respective works have not been addressed can apply in the Lokshahi Din. Of the average 50 complaints received, 25-30 are genuine and are generally resolved within 30-50 days. As of today, we have 80 complaints pending, of which 13 cases have been pending for over 6 months,\" an official said on the condition of anonymity.The collectorate has even sent several reminders to the concerned departments, but it is taking long because of the departmental sanctions and formalities. \"The complaints were generic and warranted time because of the procedures involved,\" he said.When asked if the officials' response to the Lokshahi Din was better, the official said that most sent their deputies and representatives. While a police official lesser than the rank deputy commissioner of police represented commissioner of police and another such lower rung official represented the superintendent of police, most of the times, offices like MSRTC, PWD and WRD had poor representation at the meetings.\"Agreed there are few cases from these departments, but the absence of authority does not allow the matter to be settled for the applicant for whom time is precious,\" the official said. On the new norm of filing applications 15 days before Lokshahi Din, the officer said that the concept was aimed at taking action within a certain time limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17199183", "title": "Forensic backlog weighs down cases: Cops", "text": "Police are pegging their hopes on forensic reports to help unravel the mystery around the death of model-actress Bidushi Dash Barde and to reinforce the probes in the Bandra rape-robbery and Worli chemical attack cases. Their hope is mingled with the fear that, as in the past, a heavy backlog at the sole state-run forensic lab in Mumbai may impede their investigations.The Kalina-based Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) is reeling under a manpower crunch and has about 30,000 investigations pending. Over 6,000 of these are examinations of viscera samples and about 1,000 of DNA tests. The thousands of samples are from Mumbai alone.At the state level, more alarmingly, the count of pending viscera tests has crossed 11,000 and of DNA investigations 2,100. Unexamined like these are numerous samples of alcohol wash and narcotics as well as hundreds of cases involving ballistics and fingerprinting. Worst affected, however, are the newly evolving departments like cyber crime and voice analysis, which have pendency so big that the minimum waiting period is said to be at least three years.Blood samples from actress Barde's Andheri apartment were sent to FSL a few days after she was found dead in a pool of blood, surrounded by glass shards, on October 22. Early police assumptions of accidental death gave way to suspicions of murder as some of her wounds appeared to have been \"inflicted\". Cops admit they are banking on the FSL report to conclude if the former beauty queen's end was an accident or a killing.In the Worli attack case, police want to verify the composition of the corrosive chemical short-film producer Jerrit John allegedly flung at physiotherapist Aryanka Hozbetkar.To build an incontestable case, cops say they have sent articles such as bed sheets found at the Bandra residence of the Spanish woman raped last week by a robber; the DNA collected from these articles will confirm the identity of the accused, Anwar Mohammed Ansari, they have apprehended. FSL says it has not received the items.A police officer said, \"Many times, we have to wait for forensic reports for long. Forensic reports help us create watertight cases. In their absence, our probes get weighed down.\"Insiders say the biggest reason for the delay in examining samples is manpower shortage. All six forensic labes in the state are running with about 60% of the required staff strength. The Mumbai laboratory, which gets the most workload, has 89 vacancies. For newer departments like cyber crime and voice analysis, the major hurdles are getting the right technology and evolving the right procedures. Also, they do not have permanent experts. A source said there are currently 25 experts in these departments but all temporary appointees. \"Most people leave as soon as the contract expires. Cyber crime experts need expertise and patience. Solving a case can take months,\" said the source. \"Many cases are unsolved since an expert's contract expires mid-way.\"Kalina FSL director M K Malve said attempts are on to work around the vacancies as well as to fill them. He recently sent a proposal to the state, asking for permission to outsource some tests to private labs. \"We are yet to hear back.\" Malve said that 190 positions in the lab would be filled in a month's time.Private laboratories may soon fill the gapMUMBAI: Many specialists believe that the expertise in state-run forensic laboratories leave much to be desired. While delays have become a norm, the experts in these labs lack the \"skill and technical acumen\" that is imperative for the job, say those working in the same field.In most western countries, a DNA sample examination does not take more than two weeks since it has a major bearing on the investigation. Here though, police personnel normally have to wait for one to four months for a report to arrive. It is only in priority cases that a report comes within a month's time. No wonder then, it is believed that forensic science may be another sector where private players may soon march ahead of the government and cash in on its growing relevance.Dr Rukmini Krishnamurthy, a former director of Forensic Science Laboratory, said it would be unfair to blame the experts in government labs since they work are under great pressure and constant media glare. \"In the west, there are parallel certified private labs that take off much burden from state-owned labs. Private laboratories play a big role in solving cases which are not so heinous,\" she said. Dr Krishnamurthy added the trend is catching up in India but establishing credentials and standardisation remain a problem.Cyber security expert Vijay Mukhi said state labs have a long way to go before they can catch up with complicated cyber crimes. \"The government has to invest in expensive software and hardware, which is currently not happening. Experts have to be trained frequently and sent abroad for refresher courses,\" he said.At present, an expert claimed, state labs do not even have the software to verify if a photograph has been morphed. Mukhi added that their meagre budgets do not allow state labs to invest in hard drives that are essential to crack cyber crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200682", "title": "Light at the end of East-West Metro tunnel?", "text": "KOLKATA: Newly-appointed junior railway minister Adhir Chowdhury has decided to get to the bottom of the East-West Metro imbroglio. He met officials at Rail Bhavan to find out what was ailing the ambitious project.Chowdhury is aware that the already behind-schedule project is now in a limbo since the Mamata Banerjee government had been dragging its feet over the transfer of share. TOI has been reporting the impasse for the last few weeks.The minister told TOI on Monday, \"I have asked my ministry to send a letter to the Bengal government, seeking the shares to be transferred immediately. Work for the project has almost come to a standstill. We can't have anymore of this.\"The railways already wrote a letter earlier, but the Bengal government ignored it. Finally, last week, state chief secretary Sanjay Mitra sent a letter for initiating the transfer to the secretary, ministry of urban development, Sudhir Mishra, who is also the chairman, Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation Limited (KMRCL). KMRCL was formed to execute the Rs 4,874-crore project.Chowdhury, the Union minister of state for railways, said, \"What is the use of sending the letter to the urban development ministry. The equity should be transferred to railways. So, the communication should be between the railways and the Bengal government.\"KMRCL is banking on a Rs 2,253-crore loan from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), but it was - until now - running its costs from the equity contribution of the ministry of urban development (50 %) and Bengal government (50%).Things have gone haywire ever since Mamata Banerjee quit the UPA. Funds stopped flowing and bills of contractors couldn't be cleared because - according to a Union cabinet decision - the Bengal government was no longer authorised to run KMRCL.According to Mamata's own decision, the Bengal government would have transferred its 50% equity worth Rs 701 crore to the railways, and the Union ministry of urban development (MoUD) would have given up 24% equity, making railways have 74% of KMRCL's share.When the railway was with the Trinamool, the Bengal CM thought it befitting to transfer its share to the railways and save the state exchequer of the Rs 701 contributory funding. But once she left the UPA, her government sat on the share transfer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17204155", "title": "Kukis call indefinite road blockade in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Stepping up its demand for creation of a separate Kuki state, the Kuki State Demand Committee (KSDS) has called an indefinite road blockade in all state and national highways passing through Kuki-inhabited areas in Manipur from Thursday evening.The strike will continue until the Centre gives a written assurance that political dialogue with KSDC and Kuki militant groups, which are currently under the suspension of operation with government, will begin on a predetermined date to discuss the demand for a separate state, said the council.Since Manipur's key supply routes - Imphal-Dimapur and Imphal-Silchar highways - pass through Kuki- dominated areas , another phase of commodity crisis is likely to grip Manipur.The development comes amid United Naga Council (UNC)'s growing demand for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur.According to KSDC, the Kuki-inhabited areas of Manipur cover Churachandpur district, Sadar Hills in Senapati and parts in Tamenglong, Chandel and Ukhrul districts.Stating that the Kukis were an independent tribe ruled by their noble chieftains, the Kukis have been demanding a separate state since 1961, said the committee's general secretary H Benjamin Mate, at a media conference here on Monday.\"Since our demand has not been considered by the Centre and the state government, we have imposed the road blockade in all Kuki- inhabited areas,\" said Benjamin. He added that if attention is not paid to the democratic demand of the Kukis, the KSDC will launch 'Quit Kukiland' movement against the Centre.Benjamin said all Kuki legislators, ministers, civil bodies and militant groups of the community are supporting the democratic and legitimate demand for a separate Kuki state. The KSDC also submitted a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday.It said the demand for a separate state comprising of traditional Kuki territories, incorporated with the present day of Manipur, is a political imperative for the protection of Kuki tribals and their political, economic, and cultural rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17201775", "title": "More outlets for Cafe Kudumbasree", "text": "KOCHI: Cafe Kudumbasree, a branded eatery operated by Kudumbasree units, will add 60 more restaurants and canteens to its chain across the state. The expansion plan comes in the wake of the success of its existing eight units.The brand was launched in 2010 as per a plan to improve the conditions of the canteens and restaurants operated by Kudumbasree. While the process of adding 40 restaurants and canteens to the brand has already commenced, steps are being taken to add 20 more by this year end.The Adebha Institute for Food Research and Hospitality Management (AIFRHM) is providing technical and marketing support to these units. This institute has so far trained over 700 Kudumbasree units.AIFRHM chief executive officer Ajayakumar K P said: \"We have been regularly training Kudumbasree units that operate canteens and restaurants.\" He also said many local bodies were coming forward to upgrade Kudumbasree restaurants in their area to Cafe Kudumbasree brand. \"Cafe Kudumbasree units will be regularly inspected to ensure hygiene,\" he added.\"The monthly earnings of our canteen have increased to Rs 10,000-12,000 from the previous Rs 2,000-3,000,\" said Geetha Gopi, secretary, Annapoorna Kudumbasree, which runs Cafe Kudumbasree in Thrissur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17205493", "title": "Left Front to hold rally against Bengal govt on Nov 19", "text": "KOLKATA: The Left Front announced on Tuesday a 45-day campaign to collect signatures for food security for all in West Bengal as part of a nation-wide programme, and a rally over deterioration of law and order in the state.Left Front chairman Biman Bose told reporters after a meeting of the Left Front that the rally would be held on November 19 against atrocities on women and deterioration of law and order situation in the state.\"The government should ensure security of women and their free movement. There should not be a situation where women will have to remain confined to their houses,\" Bose said.Alleging that there was a rise in hooliganism owing to inaction over such elements, he said, \"The government should act firmly to ensure restoration of law and order in the state.\"Referring to the recent incident of vandalism in a nursing home at Suri in Birbhum district by alleged ruling Trinamool Congress workers, he said, \"Had there been no CCTV footage, the government would have passed it off as a false allegation.\"Protesting against the recent bus fare hike as abnormally high, the front chairman claimed that though there was an 11 per cent rise in diesel prices, fares were hiked by up to 75 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201301", "title": "Cases filed against 99 unauthorised firecracker stalls", "text": "PUNE: The police have taken action against 99 unauthorised firecracker stalls in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Shahji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), zone III, said that the police had lodged cases against the unauthorized firecracker stalls, 20 of which are in Hinjewadi, 11 in Chatushrungi and 67 in Sangvi. One of the stalls is in Pimpri, he said.In all, there are 160 authorised stalls in Pimpri-Chinchwad and other areas in zone III, which includes 34 allotted through auction.Earlier this month, a major fire had broken out at a fire cracker stall in a residential-cum-commercial building in Chikhli near Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203010", "title": "Help yourself, but mind your waistline this Diwali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A few kilos mean the difference between a pair of slim fit jeans and plus size. Leta??s face it, festival cuisine can easily squeeze you out of the slim fits and into the plus size. Most would not take that sportingly, but then, giving up on Diwali goodies takes will. If you thought you could have second helpings of low calorie or sugar-free sweets without the scales weighing heavy on your mind, think again.Dieticians say getting away from sugar is harder than you think. a??Sugar-free or low calorie sweet meats are an eyewash. No food is sugar-free as sugar occurs both in the natural and artificial form. Diabetics tend to eat more of such sweets thinking they are sugar-free. We advise them to eat normal sweets in limited quantities,a?? said Madhu Sharma, senior dietician, PGI.What that means is you dona??t have to go austere with temptation lurking everywhere. You can indulge, but in moderation. For example, a syrupy rasgulla has 300 calories while a chocolate cake has 400 calories. But the extra calories can be avoided by giving the syrup a miss or taking off the chocolate from the cake.Few can resist the sight of delectable sweets, especially when they are graciously offered.Help yourself, by all means, only, plan your meals in a way that you compensate. \"A ladoo has 15 to 20gms of carbohydrates, equivalent of a chappati or a toned glass of milk. So one can either skip a chappati or milk for a ladoo,\" Madhu Sharma calculated.But these are quick fix changes ideal for a day of festival splurging, no more. Dona??t even think of indulging your sweet tooth at the cost of food or you will take empty calories with little nutrition, warn dieticians. \"Essential nutrients in food cannot be replaced by sweets made of 'maida' and sugar. Sugars are very harmful for the body. Fatty liver is common among those who consume food high in fructose, such as aerated drinks (soft drinks),\" Sonia Gandhi , senior clinical nutritionist at a Mohali based hospital, said.However, when it comes to business, the sugar free label is a lucrative one. Sweet meats supposedly low in calories and sugar are in huge demand. Suraj Kumar, manager of a sweet shop in Sector 8 said, \"There is great demand for low calorie sweets like finger baklava and pyramid baklava. In sugar free we have 'kala kand', 'rasmalai', 'anjeer' and khajoor barfis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17207260", "title": "Diabetes awareness programmes at Manipal", "text": "MANGALORE: Kasturba Hospital, Manipal has announced a series of special education and health programmes for educating the public on diabetes at Manipal on Saturday.The Educational Programme on Preventing Diabetes through Healthy Living'' is aimed at spreading awareness among people about diabetes and also to educate common man that Healthy Life style and food habits can keep Diabetes at bay.The unique mega diabetes exhibition and screening programmeis planned to have stalls displaying the message of Protect Our Future'' and is arranged by various departments like Medicine, Surgery, Ophthalmology, Physiotherapy, Occupational Therapy , Neurology, Cardiology and Nephrology.There will also be a Free Screening of blood sugar and BP and physical examination for all the participants. There will be stalls on foot care and another about the diet and nutritional aspects related to diabetes and healthy living. The programme will be inaugurated by Lalaji Mendon, Kaup MLA.Dr Sudha Vidyasagar , head, Department of General Medicine, Kasturba Hospital Manipal says: Diabetic patients do not complain of any major symptoms and many are detected on routine screening. Hence, it is important for people with high risk - especially Indians, to get tested. The other high risk people are those with a family history of diabetes, or obesity , increased cholesterol or pregnant women.Secondly, Dr Sudha says, the treatment of diabetes involves changing one's lifestyle in the formof diet and exercise. Following this advice is as important as medication in the control of blood sugars. Uncontrolled blood sugars can affect several organs in the body including the heart, kidneys, eyes, brain and feet. Though diabetes cannot be cured, it can be controlled very well with medication and life style modification. Patients with good control can prevent getting complications and lead a healthy and normal life. But the a wareness about Diabetes and its prevention among public is limited, she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204080", "title": "Roads in Fancy Bazar to be identified for biz", "text": "GUWAHATI: The administration has started field verification for expediting the process of marking separate zones to be used exclusively for vending, loading, unloading and parking activities.Traffic Police, officials of Kamrup (Metro) district administration, Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC), along with representatives of Kamrup Chamber of Commerce , have carried out field verification in Fancy Bazar area of the city to finalize the roads to be used exclusively for vending, loading-unloading and parking activities.\"We have completed one field visit in the Fancy Bazar area, where almost all roads have been encroached for business activities. After Diwali, we will conduct three field visits in the area before finalizing the names of the roads which will be used for the purpose,\" said a top official of the administration.He added that only one-way traffic will be allowed in some roads to meet parking needs and other business activities. \"The administration is likely to allow loading and unloading of goods trucks at night to avoid traffic congestion,\" the official said.In the past, many city residents were dissatisfied over the inaction of the local administration and municipal corporation to clear the busy roads.Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri said the administration is keen to clear majority of the roads of Fancy Bazar this time. \"Our plan is to use some of the roads exclusively for vending, loading and unloading. Many key roads in Fancy Bazar have been encroached for carrying out business activities making life miserable for commuters,\" he said.\"It is impossible for a car to pass through the TRP Road in Fancy Bazar as trucks are loaded with goods,\" said Manoj Jain, a resident of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201309", "title": "Tourists flock to Bardez beaches", "text": "PANAJI: The Bardez coastal belt was chock-a-block with tourists and vehicles on Monday due to the extended Diwali weekend and holidays as security has been tightened across the state.A large number of tourists from neighbouring states have driven down in their own vehicles. With the ongoing road-widening in the Baga area and the Calangute beach promenade beautification work in full swing, the usually chaotic scene witnessed during the season has been accentuated.But that does not seem to dampen the spirits of the holidayers as they continued to pour into Calangute beach throughout the day. The high inflow of foreign tourists has also kept up the spirits of the stakeholders.While lifeguards were kept on their toes with tourists swimming all over the beach, the beach shacks which have already started are seen doing roaring business with a huge demand for cold beers. Water sports operators too are having a field day.The new initiative of the tourism department to operate kiosks to sell tickets for the water sports has also come to be accepted. Though the water sports operators had resisted the kiosks in the initial days, they are now quite happy with the Q-system, a water sports operator told TOI.Water sports operators have their own representatives in the kiosks, while the new IRB personnel who have been deputed to maintain law and order on the beach keep a close watch to prevent any untoward incident.Work has also started on the changing rooms and toilets at the entrance of the beach, though they'll probably be ready only after thepeak season is over. Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday had inaugurated the new office of the Calangute traffic cell at the Poriat ground.A large number of hoteliers can be seen lining up at the Calangute police station everyday to file the mandatory C-forms required to be filled in by foreign guests following the start of the tourist season in Goa. Hundreds of charter tourists occupy hotel rooms daily in the Calangute-Candolim tourist belt during the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17205521", "title": "South Africa secure comfortable draw against Australia", "text": "MUMBAI: South Africa batted through the majority of the final day of the first Test to ensure a comfortable draw against Australia, at the Gabba, in Brisbane on Tuesday reaching 166-5, a lead of 51, when rival captains Graeme Smith and Michael Clarke agreed to shake hands with 11 overs remaining.ScorecardClarke's brilliant innings continued at the start of the fifth day when he moved from 218 to 259 not out in the company of Mike Hussey who reached his 17th Test century before immediately holing out to substitute fielder Faf du Plessis at cover off the bowling of Morne Morkel.It was the only wicket to fall before Clarke's declaration just 80 minutes into the day's play at 565-5, a lead of 115.The Australian captain faced 398 deliveries striking 26 fours . Morkel beat the bats of Clarke and Hussey on numerous occasions without luck but still finished as the most successful of the Proteas attack with figures of 31-6-127-3.Australia's chances of putting South Africa under pressure depended on taking quick wickets to justify Clarke's early declaration and the first one duly arrived in just the second over when Alviro Petersen edged a James Pattinson away swinger to 'keeper Matt Wade.Hashim Amla would have become a second victim on the stroke of lunch when he squeezed a Pattinson yorker on to his stumps but umpire Asad Rauf asked for third umpire assistance in adjudicating a no ball - and Amla was reprieved on seven.Smith's resistance ended with a thick edge to gully on 23 and the Australian pace attack, sensing the possibility of a famous win, threw everything at Jacques Kallis and Amla in a fearsome 40-minute spell during which both batsmen required their full range of skills - and cool heads - to survive.Amla (38) eventually drove a full delivery from Peter Siddle to cover while Kallis (49) edged a 'slider' from off-spinner Nathan Lyon to slip where Clarke took a reflex, one-handed catch low to his right.By the time Jacques Rudolph (11) was trapped lbw by Lyon the match was virtually over thanks to an obdurate, unbeaten 29 from 114 balls by AB de Villiers.The Proteas now have a three-day break before re-grouping on Sunday to prepare for the second Test starting at the Adelaide Oval next Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17207518", "title": "Tax collecting agencies owe Rs 7 cr cess to library department", "text": "MYSORE: Tax collecting agencies owe nearly Rs 7 cr to department of public libraries since several years.Deputy Commissioner P S Vastrad on Tuesday disclosed that Mysore City Corporation owes Rs 5.22 cr, Mysore Urban Development Authority Rs 29 lakh and Gram Panchyaths Rs 1.14 cr to the department. Though these bodies have been collecting library cess from public they have not paid to the department which is affecting smooth functioning of libraries which have to procure newspapers, journals and books.Vastrad, who is chairman to District Library Authority, told reporters that we will organize a campaign to collect the cess dues from the tax collecting authorities during National Library Week celebrations scheduled between November 14 and November 20.Drive to collect 40000 booksOn the occasion, the district library authority, an apex body of District central library and City central library will appeal its members to return books that they have borrowed from Mysore district and city libraries. Vastrad said nearly 40000 have not been returned by the members of 306 libraries including 25 in Mysore city, since five years. We have records of its borrowers and will get back the books to the libraries during the week long library week celebrationsThe authority with an aim to increase reading habit among public will organize drive to increase library members especially in rural areas by way of organizing events and books exhibitions during the week. We have over 88000 members including 45000 in the city.On the occasion, all libraries will be illuminated, the DC stated.Library will come up at People's parkDeputy Commissioner P S Vastra said they will start modern library work, which was stalled following protest by a section of Mysoreans, at People's Park shortly.In June this year, a bunch of students and citizens led by members of Mysore Grahakar Parishat, a body of citizens, opposed the move to construct the library block inside the park premises claiming it is against law governing parks and open spaces. Then the work was temporary stalled.However, the DC has another version. He says the work was shelved as the soil was loose. We will start the work immediately on an area measures 1500 sq ft to establish a modern library. This is an old project. To a query, Vastrad said many libraries are inside parks. It is for public use and we will continue with our plans with this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201920", "title": "Nagpur gets Diwali goods worth 400cr more", "text": "NAGPUR: This Diwali, the city received goods worth an additional Rs 400 crore compared to the last one. The total worth of goods that entered the city limits in the last one month was approximately Rs 1,884 crore. Last year, the figure was Rs 1,350 crore.According to the records of the octroi department of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), clothes topped the charts at Rs 300 crore.The Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) attributes the rise to cost escalation and an increase in range of goods and not sale. It's been a good Diwali for the civic body as its coffers swelled remarkably.The octroi department classifies goods in 52 categories. Following clothes on the list was electronic products (Rs 205.15 crore), vehicles (Rs 198.25 crore), iron items (Rs 137.80 crore), petroleum products (Rs 132.74 crore) and gold and silver ornaments (Rs 103.85 crore).NVCC president Dipen Agrawal said, \"The major factor is increase in the prices of many goods especially gold and silver ornaments. These days, shopkeepers have to maintain a big range. That's the reason why they are purchasing more goods. The stock with shopkeepers has increased and not the sale.\"In the last one month, the revenue collection of the octroi department was Rs 47.79 crore. Compared to last year, the figure is an additional Rs 10 crore.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram played a role in increasing the revenue by unearthing cases of octroi evasion.In the last one month, sugar worth Rs 23.7 crore, dry fruits (Rs 16.77 crore) and kirana items (Rs 26.4 crore) swelled the figure of goods that were brought to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17204110", "title": "'Arunachal marching towards total literacy'", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh education minister Bosiram Siram said the state will soon attain total literacy as the state government has made efforts to improve the education scenario.\"The state is marching towards attaining cent per cent literacy and we could let the whole world know that not a single child in Arunachal is deprived of education,\" he said after formally launching the 'Shiksha Ka Haq Abhiyan' (SKHA) campaign at Pasighat in East Siang district on Sunday.\"This red letter day coincides with the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad who said even if a single citizen of the country remained uneducated, the objectives of democracy would not be attained,\" added Siram. Sharing the messages of Prime Minister Monmohan Singh and chief minister Nabum Tuki, Siram added that the Union ministry of human resource development has intensified the education campaign by introducing another equally important and inevitable task called Volunteers School Visit Program (Siksha Samvad).He advised the children to work hard, maintain discipline, good behavior and punctuality to complete their education. \"It is our dream to see that our children acquire value-based education and grow up as responsible citizens of the country,\" he said.\"The state government is committed to ensuring that the RTE Act gets properly implemented in the state,\" he said. School management committees and PRIs (local authority) would play a pivotal role in making this campaign a huge success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201650", "title": "Pollution control board to keep a tab on major towns", "text": "JAIPUR: The pollution control board would keep an eye on pollution level in nine cities of the state on Tuesday.Among the nine cities are Jaipur, Jodhpur, Bhiwadi, Alwar, Udaipur, Pali, Kota, Bhilwara and Bikaner.The department would send the report on pollution to district collectors, department of environment, ministry of environment and forests, police commissioners and superintendents of police, said an official of Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board (RSPCB).The RSPCB report would show details about the increase or decrease in the pollution level in comparison to the previous years. The reports would talk about the quantity of respirable particulate matter (RSPM) in the residential areas of the city. The national standard level of RSPM is 100 micro gram per meter cube. Sources said that the concentration of RSPM increases due to bursting of firecrackers, burning of wastes, plastics, tyres and papers. The RSPM is harmful to the patients of respiratory diseases.Moreover, the presence of harmful gases including nitrogen dioxide and toxic gas sulphur dioxide would also be analyzed one day before Diwali, on Diwali and on the next day of the festival. The national standard level of the gases is 80 micro gram per meter cube.Moreover, the level of noise pollution in commercial areas including Choti Chauper, Badi Chauper, Tonk Road, Ajmeri Gate and Raja Park area would also be analyzed on the three days before or after Diwali.There are three silent zones in the city-high court, Sawai Man Singh hospital and Santokba Durlabhji hospital. In the silent zones, the noise of more than 40 decibels is prohibited. Also, there are five commercial zones in the city -Chandpole, Badi Chauper, Tonk Road, Ajmeri Gate commercial and Raja Park. In commercial zones, the noise of more than 55 decibel is prohibited. The residential zones in city are railway station residential area, Civil Lines, Gandhi Nagar, Mansarovar and Jawahar Nagar. The noise at residential areas is allowed upto 45 decibel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199483", "title": "Revised CBSE result for Class XII science students by June 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education and other education boards will do the revaluation of answer sheets for the Class XII science students on priority and will declare their results by June 30, 2013. This has been done to facilitate their admission to engineering courses at various National Institutes of Technologies, Indian Institute of Information Technologies, Delhi, Technological University, Delhi and other centrally funded technical institutes, in case there is any change in marks.According to the Council of Boards of School Education officials, the revaluation will be done on priority also because only the top 20 percentile scorers in their respective Class XII boards or other qualifying examination and those who have appeared in Joint Engineering Examination (advanced) are eligible for admission to the IITs.According to secretary, COBSE, DV Sharma, \"Since for the first time there will be weightage given to the Class XII board results for admission to various NITs and other CFTIs the revaluation of the science students need to be prioritised as their scores may change. So to ensure that the students don't miss out the revaluation results will be completed by June 30, 2013. COBSE will compile the top 20 percentile scorers' data and pass it to the IITs.\"While the Class XII results of many state boards gets delayed, a common consensus has been reached among all education boards that the Class XII Board results for 2013 will be declared latest by June 15, 2013, so as to facilitate smooth conduct of the JEE exam as well as counseling. Meanwhile, the CBSE has decided to declare the results of JEE (main) by May 7, 2013, so that top 1.5 lakh aspirants can apply for the JEE (advanced), the entrance test for the IITs.The CBSE will conduct the JEE (main) 2013, so far known as AIEEE. The offline test will be conducted on April 7, 2013. All candidates aspiring for a seat in the IITs or Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, will first have to appear for JEE (main) in April 2013.Only the top 1.5 lakh candidates in the merit list of JEE (main) are eligible to register to appear for the advanced exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205795", "title": "Nair sworn in as new TDB president", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: M P Govindan Nair, who was sworn in as the president of Tranvancore Devaswom Board on Monday, said the first priority of the new TDB would be to ensure a hassle free Sabarimala pilgrimage this season. \"We will work in collaboration with all to provide infrastructure and other facilities for the pilgrims,\" he said after the swearing in.The new president also indicated that there wouldn't be any controversy on the appointment of a chief commissioner to the TDB. Former chief secretary K Jayakumar had been appointed the chief commissioner of Sabarimala by the high court.Devaswom board secretary S. Unnikrishnan administered the oath of office to Nair and Subhash at a function held at TDB headquarters on Monday. The order appointing both as TDB members was read out by TDB PRO Murali Kottakkakom at the ceremony. Devaswom secretary K R Jyothilal and Devaswom commissioner N Vasu were present.To queries, Nair said he wouldn't make any comment on the proposal to constitute the Devaswom recruitment board. \"Though there are allegations about corruption in the board, we are yet to find any evidence,\" he said. On women's representation, Nair said if political parties show the will, a woman can be elected to the vacant third post in the board. During the swearing in, Kerala dalit and backward classes front organized a protest in front of the TDB headquarters. V. Dinakaran, ex-MLA, inaugurated the sit in strike organised to protest against the negligence shown to dalit and backward classes while reorganizing the TDB. Front general secretary Punnala Sreekumar, Vishnupuram Chandrasekharan and other leaders spoke.CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan also criticised the new board. \"There are allegations that the character of members nominated to the TDB didn't suit to the board,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kannur (kerala)", "code": "17207840", "title": "Phone romance goes sour as 'boyfriend' turns out 67-yr-old", "text": "KANNUR (Kerala): This was one 'love affair' that did not have a happy ending.After professing love over a year over mobile phone, a 23-year-old engineering post-graduate had the shock of her life on seeing at their first meeting that her 'sweetheart' was a 67-year-old man.The woman from Thiruvanathapuram had come the other day in search of the man she adored but broke down and fainted when she met him for the first time at the Kuthuparamaba police station, near here, police said.Police said the woman had waited at the bus-stand for the man for long but he did not turn up. On seeing her roaming about, some local people informed police and she was brought to the station, police said.On questioning her, police came to know about her quest and obtained the mobile phone number of the person she had been looking for eagerly.They contacted the 'lover' and asked him to come to the police station immediately. When the \" boyfriend\" finally turned up, she was shocked to find a grey-haired man, police said.The man, however, told police that he was speaking to her just for fun and had no other intention.Police later contacted her parents and sent her back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203746", "title": "Diwali: Cops crack down on illegal cracker vendors", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Illegal cracker retailers in Bhubaneswar were taken to task by the police for allegedly running the hazardous business without license. Police conducted the crackdown at different locations in city and seized huge quantities of fireworks and explosives.Around thirty unauthorized cracker vendors were fined Rs 500 each under the Odisha Urban Police Act each in Capital police area. \"We seized the crackers and let off the vendors after collecting the compounding fees,\" Capital police station inspector Aseem Panda said.Though police had given permission to only around 600 people to open cracker shops in the city, a large number of people set up illegal shops, violating the safety guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200777", "title": "MIM snaps ties with Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIM president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday announced the end of the long-standing ties between his party and the Congress by withdrawing his support to the UPA government at the Centre and the Kiran Kumar Reddy regime in the state. Justifying the snapping of the ties, he said the state government was \"blatantly communal and siding with the BJP in harassing the minority community\".Although efforts are on from the Congress side to bring about a rapprochement, MIM sources indicated that the parting of ways was final, at least as far as the state is concerned. The development comes even as a curfew-like situation prevails in the vicinity of Charminar amidst the deployment of large number of security personnel.Owaisi said he has already faxed his withdrawal of MIM support to the UPA government to President Pranab Mukherjee. The MIM is represented by its lone MP Asaduddin Owaisi in the Lok Sabha and the withdrawal of support of one member of the Lower House will in no way affect the Manmohan Singh-led UPA government. In the state too, the withdrawal of support of 7 MIM MLAs will not bring down the Kiran regime but will render it shaky as the majority now is wafer thin. The ruling Congress has a strength of 152 MLAs in a House of 294 in which the number required for simple majority is 147. If a vote of confidence is forced, and if there is no further exodus of Congress MLAs to the YSR Congress, Kiran Kumar Reddy can still pull it off with the support of few independent and other members.The immediate trigger for the MIM to vent its ire at the chief minister is the communal tension in Old City caused by developments pertaining to the Bhagyalakshmi temple located in the vicinity of the historic Charminar. Last week, the MIM alleged that destroying the beauty of Charminar, the temple management attempted to extend the area of the shrine as well as replace the tarpaulin on top with tin sheets. The temple management, however, said they were only attempting to replace the old tarpaulin sheets with new ones.Following a directive of the high court to maintain status quo as existing on October 30, 2012, on the basis of a petition filed by an MIM corporator, a district administration team on Sunday under the supervision of the ASI restored some small structures that were removed by the temple management on October 31. However, the area in the vicinity of Bhagyalakshmi temple continues to be tense with the authorities enforcing a curfew-like situation.Asaduddin Owaisi's charge was that the city police on the instructions of Kiran Kumar have colluded with the BJP and have been harassing the Muslim community on some pretext or the other. \"Kiran Kumar Reddy is pandering to and licking the feet of Sangh Parivar elements. His behaviour has ensured that the BJP gets strengthened in Hyderabad. We have patiently endured the misdeeds of the Kiran Kumar government and its support to the BJP. But we cannot bear it any longer. MIM leaders will tour the state and expose the communal state government. We will ensure that the state government falls and face elections,\" Asaduddin said at a packed press conference at the MIM party headquarters at Darussalaam in Old City.However, Congress sources said the AICC is not buying Owaisi's charge.Speaking on the Bhagyalakshmi temple controversy, Owaisi alleged that joint commissioner of police Amit Garg had plans ready to erect a tin shed over the temple complex. Unleashing his ire at the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), Owaisi said, \"The violation of the HC order has led to this. The ASI has given in writing that there was a tarpaulin sheet over the temple. Isn't the ASI bound by the 100 metre prohibition of new structures rule? Every year, there is an expansion of the temple. It affects the beauty of the monument. We want to fight the issue in the court and not on the streets.\"Detailing the communally tense scenario in the state since 2010, Owaisi said there was rioting during Hanuman Jayanti in which 60 houses were damaged and 120 Muslims injured apart from damages to many places of worship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17201090", "title": "Pattamadai mats all set for GI tag", "text": "MADURAI: The silken Pattamadai mats are all set to get geographical indication (GI) status for their uniqueness and extraordinary craftsmanship.These mats are woven with utmost care and only the korai grass that grows on the banks of the Tamirabarini can be used for these mats, basically due to the water quality of the river.According to Mohamed Sultan, who comes from a family of traditional mat weavers, this is more of a family trade where only members of his extended family are able to weave this mat.\"Our family has been weaving these mats for over four centuries. My great-grandfather, grandfather, father and now I are into this weaving tradition. Only the Lebbai Muslim community is into this rich tradition,\" he says.Originally, there were over 250 families who weaved these exquisite mats but now it has shrunk to a mere 80, with the nimble fingers of women more than the men going a long way in mat making.The long kora grass is cut from the river bank and left to dry in the sun for 40 days, till the green blades turn into a golden or ivory hue.In earlier centuries, the dried grass was then laid at the bottom of the water in the river, with stones to hold them in place for a week, allowing the dried blades to rot. Then they were taken out and split into finer pieces.But nowadays the blades are soaked in tubs in the houses of weavers, and split into about 50 parts to make marriage mats, now part of the wedding gifts given by some communities. The mats cost between Rs 1,200 to Rs 2,000. \"It is a status symbol to give a pattamadai mat to a daughter during her wedding,\" said Shylaja.But some blades are soaked for seven days and the ladies sit down to split them into a hundred parts, which go into making the superfine mats. These mats are as fine as the best silk and a rolled up mat can be passed through a bangle of a lady, due to its fineness.The superfine mats range from Rs 4,500. On the coronation of the British queen in 1953, it was a mat from Pattamadai in Tirunelveli that was sent on behalf of the Indian mat weavers association to represent the tradition of India. This mat still adorns the walls of a British museum.Sultan's father Peer Mohamed established his workshop on a piece of land given to him by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who was impressed by their art.These mats are also a mark of affluence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203469", "title": "Diwali: Spreading cheer in others lives lights up their festivities", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dhalls of Dugri Phase I and Nagpals of BRS Nagar B Block are quite busy with Diwali preparations. To add colour and fun to their festivities, they have decided to light up lives and not crackers.At the residence of Vijay Kumar Dhall, an engineer, his wife Suman, daughter-in-law Monica Chadha Dhall, brother Rajeev Dhall, a businessman, and sister-in-law Meenu Dhall are making arrangements for a fun-filled festival. Vijay says, \"We celebrate a green Diwali every year. Diyas illuminate our celebration, rangolis fill bright shades in it and distributing sweets among the poor makes it all the more delightful.\"Monica says, \"I am allergic to smoke and my husband Saurabh doesn't like bursting crackers. Our one-and-a-half year old daughter Suhaila too doesn't seem to like fireworks. And so, we prefer a clean and green Diwali. People should go for cracker-free festival, as it also checks pollution.\"At Rakesh Nagpal's house in BRS Nagar B Block, his wife Suman and daughter-in-law Shilpa Kapoor Nagpal too are gearing up for a traditional celebration. Suman, a homemaker, says, \"From this time onwards, we will celebrate a green Diwali. My son Arjun and daughter-in-law Shilpa too advocate the same. We will light up diyas, pray and visit our near and dear ones. And later, we will feed the poor. The best way to celebrate it is by bringing a smile on others' faces.\"Shilpa wants others too should celebrate a safe Diwali. \"Pollution level goes up during the festivities due to burning of crackers. Besides, it triggers a number of ailments, like naso-bronchial allergies. So, we should try to celebrate a pollution-free Diwali,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200567", "title": "All India Radio newsroom to get a facelift", "text": "KOLKATA: In keeping with the importance of news in people's lives, Prasar Bharati has decided to modernise Kolkata's All India Radio (AIR) newsroom - the oldest in the country - and give it a facelift. The announcement was made by Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar at Akashvani Bhaban on Monday morning.At AIR, news did not get the same importance as programmes, felt Sircar. But times have changed and the relevance of news in everyday life has changed much.\"Naturally, both Doordarshan and AIR will have to bring in greater variety in news and make the presentation smart and audience-friendly. For this, a complete overhaul of the newsroom is needed. The process has been initiated and it will probably be over in the next four months,\" Sircar said.He emphasised on the relevance of making this announcement on November 12 - observed as the Public Service Broadcast Day in the country - since Gandhiji made his first public appeal on radio on this day.The newsroom modernisation is part of a slew of changes that AIR is ringing in. The existing channels of AIR, FM Gold and FM Rainbow have already been repositioned in order to bring in more friendly and interactive programmes.\"Our language is traditional and does not connect well with today's audience. So we are refreshing them. Those who will conduct the programmes will use contemporary language, the kind that you hear on campuses,\" said Pranab Chatterjee who looks after the FM channels at AIR.Viewers' assessments will be treated with a lot of importance in all sections of the AIR, said Sircar. While special committees are being set up to evaluate the performance of radio programmes, regional committees will look after regional offices.As part of the modernization plan, the archives will be restored and digitised. \"We will have a panel of experts to go through each record and assess its condition before restoring and digitising them,\" Sircar added. At Chinsurah, a new digital radio module (DRM) is being started which will be the second of its kind in the country.Clearing the air over the financial stability of Prasar Bharati, Sircar said that the Centre has already waived off an erstwhile debt of Rs 12,000 crore. \"Now we are on a clean wicket. Our annual income is around Rs 1400 crore, but since we are repositioning ourselves, we aim to earn Rs 1800 crore,\" he said. Sircar announced to aggrieved casual workers of AIR that there would be a 65%hike in wages. Thus, a casual editor who earned Rs 635 will now earn Rs 1600 per shift. Similarly, one who earned Rs 550 will now earn Rs 1250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199765", "title": "71 swine flu cases this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city has reported 71 cases of swine flu this year, the health department confirmed on Monday. No deaths have been reported though, said a senior official. He said 22 hospitals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 17 government and five private \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have been indentified for control and management of the disease.\"All hospitals have been asked to follow the guidelines prepared by the Union health ministry for treatment of H1N1 influenza. Isolation is not required,\" said Delhi health minister A K Walia, who held a review meeting to assess the spread of the disease on Monday. He said the situation was under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201183", "title": "Civic panel defers decision on water meters", "text": "PUNE: The civic standing committee on Monday deferred the decision on installation of water meters for domestic connections in the city for two weeks. The Union government is pressing for metered water supply in all cities that receive funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, to ensure that civic bodies recover the cost of water supply. Also, meters ensure equitable supply of water.The civic administration had tried to introduce metered water supply earlier to make water tax calculations accurate.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters that the committee would take a decision on water meters after 15 days. He said that the proposal would be discussed with leaders of all parties before a final decision is taken.The city has been facing unequal distribution of water since long, with the Peth areas receiving more water than fringe areas. Water management experts have emphasized the need for metered water supply in the city to ensure that distribution of water is equal and people pay for the actual water used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "russia", "code": "17208606", "title": "Koneru Humpy to meet Natalia Zhukova in 2nd round", "text": "RUSSIA: India's GM Koneru Humpy will take on Natalia Zhukova of Ukraine in the second round of the Women's World chess championship now in progress.After winning the first round with an easy 2-0 whitewash against lower ranked Denise Frick of South Africa, Zhukova will be a much tougher challenge for Humpy with better practice as she beat World junior girls' champion Guo Qi of China in the first round.GM D Harika will also face a tough opponent in Elena Danielian of Armenia after beating compatriot Soumya Swaminathan in the first round. Danielian showed excellent nerves in her come-from-behind victory against Sopiko Khukhashvili of Georgia.After sharing a victory each under normal games, Danielian suffered a defeat in the first game under rapid chess but quickly levelled scores winning the second game to set up the next set of tie-breaker which had 10 minutes for both players.The Armenian won both games here to earn her right to play Harika. Humpy starts a big favourite against Zhukova but the Ukrainian is very experienced player.While Zhukova will try to showcase her preparation, Humpy is more likely to fall back on her skills which has made her a force to reckon with in women's chess.Harika patiently waited for her second round opponent to be declared as Danielian was involved in an extended contest and once Danielian won, Harika appeared ready for the task ahead.Complete results round 1 (Final scores in the end): Sachini Ranasinghe (Sri) lost to Yifan Hou (Chn) 0-2; Koneru Humpy (Ind) beat Denise Frick (Rsa) 2-0; Anna Muzychuk (Slo) beat Amina Mezioud (Alg) 2-0; Natalia Khoudgarian (Can) lost to Zhao, Xue (Chn) 0-2;Kateryna Lahno (Ukr) beat Mona Khaled (Egy) 2-0;Melissa Castrillon Gomez (Col) lost to Nadezhda Kosintseva (Rus) 0-2;Valentina Gunina (Rus) beat Gu Xiaobing (Chn) 2-0; Pia Cramling (Swe) beat Ghader Pour Shayesteh (Iri) 2-0; D Harika (Ind) beat Soumya Swaminathan (Ind) 1.5-0.5; Atousa Pourkashiyan (Iri) lost to Ju Wenjun (Chn) 1-1, 1-1, 0-2; Antoaneta Stefanova (Bul) beat Marina Romanko (Rus) 2-0; Sopiko Khukhashvili (Geo) lost to Elena Danielian (Arm) 1-1, 1-1, 0-2;Anna Ushenina (Ukr) beat Deysi Cori (Per) 1.5-0.5; Anna Zatonskih (Usa) beat Carolina Lujan (Arg) 1.5-0.5; Alexandra Kosteniuk (Rus) beat Tatev Abrahamyan (Usa) 1.5-0.5; Marie Sebag (Fra) beat Irina Berezina (Aus) 1.5-0.5; Madina Davletbayeva (Kaz) lost to Tatiana Kosintseva (Rus) 0.5-1.5; Guo Qi (Chn) lost to Natalia Zhukova (Ukr) 0.5-1.5; Nino Khurtsidze (Geo) beat Yelena Dembo (Gre) 1.5-0.5;Huang Qian (Chn) beat Shen Yang (Chn) 1.5-0.5; Li Ruofan (Chn) lost to Irina Kruch (Usa) 1-1, 1-1, 1-1, 0.5-1.5; Ingrid Aliaga Fernandez (per) lost to Viktorioja Cmilyte (Ltu) 0.5-1.5; Svetlana Matveeva (Rus) lost to Natalija Pogonina (Rus) 1-1, 0-2; Alisa Galliamova (Rus) beat Ekaternia Kovalevskaya (Rus) 1-, 2-0; Maritza Arribas Robaina (Cub) beat Bela Khotenashvili (Geo) 1-1, 1.5-0.5;Nastassia Ziaziulkina (Blr lost to Zhu,Chen (QAT); 0-2; Mariya Muzychuk (Ukr) beat Cristina-Adela Foisor (Rou) 1-1, 1-1, 1-1, 1-1, 1-0; Hoang Thanh Trang (Vie) beat Evgenija Ovod (Rus) 1.5-0.5; Iweta Rajlich (Pol) lost to Olga Girya (Rus) 0.5-1.5; Arakhamia-Grant, Ketevan (Sco) lost to Lilit Mkrtchian (Arm) 0-2; Lela Javakhishvili (Geo) beat Anastasia Bodnaruk (Rus) 1-1, 1-1, 1.5-0.5; Monica Socko beat Almira Skripchenko (Fra) 1.5-0.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17200758", "title": "Woman raped in cotton fields of Haryana, 2 held", "text": "SIRSA: Yet another case of rape has come to light in Haryana as police on Monday registered a case for the rape of a 35-year-old married woman in a village in the district.Police have booked one Virender Singh for raping the woman and slapped charges of conspiracy against Jagmit Singh.The victim, a resident of Kuttabad village, in her complaint to police, has stated that she had gone to pluck cotton from the fields when she was overpowered by the duo and raped by Virender Singh on Sunday evening as Jagmit stood guard.The accused fled the spot after committing the crime. When she reached home, the victim narrated the incident to her husband Satnam Singh, who in turn informed the village sarpanch. The sarpanch then informed police about the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17206255", "title": "News Media Coalition criticises BCCI for blocking photo agencies in England series", "text": "LONDON: News Media Coalition (NMC), comprising some international and domestic news agencies, today criticised the decision of the BCCI \"to block attendance by reputable photographic agencies\" during England team's cricket tour of India and asked the Board to withdraw it.The NMC said that reporting on the Test series, which begins in Ahmedabad on November 15, \"has been jeopardised\" as a result of the move by the Board of Cricket Control for India \"to disrupt\" coverage of the cricket tour.\"If the policy is put on place for the first match on Thursday in Ahmedabad, cricket fans will see far fewer images taken by specialist press photographers in their newspapers, websites, on mobile news services and tablets,\" the NMC said in a press release.\"The NMC, an international organisation which defends the ability of the press to inform the public with independent news material, has urged the BCCI to withdraw the policy which will hit media coverage, fans and the sponsors involved with teams.Getty Images and Action Images and Indian photographic agencies have been barred by the BCCI for this latest cricket series,\" it said.It said other international news organisations, which have been given access to games, were so concerned at the sudden move by the BCCI that they too were considering whether to cover the matches or not.Andrew Moger, Executive Director of the NMC, said, \"In our view, the BCCI's move will hit fans and cricket sponsors alike.The BCCI has offered to make its own photographs available but this is no substitute for independent and objective press photography.\"\"Despite numerous opportunities, the BCCI has yet to explain why it is discriminating against photographic agencies or indeed whether other news sectors will be targetted next.We deplore this move and insult to organisations which have supported cricket worldwide,\" Moger added.The Associated Press warned it \"may be forced to suspend text and photo coverage of England's cricket tour of India because of the new restrictions\".\"We are surprised at these terms for photo agencies and remain hopeful that they will be lifted,\" said Lou Ferrara, AP's managing editor for sports.\"AP wants to provide cricket coverage to the world and it is only in the best interest of the organizers to allow that to happen for all news outlets, especially in this rapidly changing media landscape.\"Agence France-Presse stated it \"strongly believes the right of the media to cover news events without undue restrictions should be protected\", adding it hopes \"the BCCI will lift its policy so news media and fans can continue to get independent coverage\".Thomson Reuters said that it \"wishes to advise clients that owing to a dispute over accreditation between the media and the BCCI we are unable to confirm coverage of the England Cricket team's matches in India\".NMC members include Thomson Reuters, Agence France-Presse, Associated Press, the international photo agency Getty Images, the Press Association, the numerous British titles via the Newspaper Publishers Association, the European Newspaper Publishers' Association (ENPA), the European Publishers Council (EPC), the World Association of Newspapers (WAN-IFRA), among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17206949", "title": "Anhad releases advertisement to address fear psychosis", "text": "Ahmedabad: Anhad (Act Now for Harmony And Democracy) released seven public service advertisements (PSAs) to media and social media. The seven PSAs deal with issues that Anhad has been working on for the past 10 years as the urgency to address fear psychosis, attack on freedom of expression, and courage of marginalized people to take a stand against tyranny. Shweta Bhatt, wife of IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, released these advertisements.The PSAs have been created by Progressive Films, a set of 5-6 youngsters from Bollywood , who worked for 15 days on voluntary basis for the production of these advertisements. Anhad will be circulating the PSAs on the internet as a means to raise resources for wider dissemination. ANHAD's focus are of work has been democracy, constitutional rights, human rights, women issues and celebrating diversity and safeguarding pluralism , freedom of expression and communal harmony.The seven advertisements deal with questions that Anhad has been working on for the last ten years and feel the urgency to address the feeling of fear, the attack on freedom of expression, courage of ordinary people to take a stand against tyranny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17201777", "title": "Illegal acts by policemen shocking, says high court", "text": "KOCHI: Policemen themselves engaging in illegal activities such as sand mining is shocking, the Kerala high court observed on Monday.The observation by justice P Bhavadasan was while disposing the anticipatory bail applications related to the death of a sand mining worker, who was murdered when he questioned the policemen for allegedly mining.The court was considering bail applications by Sajil and Vikaraman, the third and fourth accused, in the death of mining worker Vijayan at Mavila Mannadi river at Thiruvananthapuram. Two policemen, Jalalmon and Joy, are the first and second accused in the case. The court's observation about illegal activities by policemen was after noting that the case diary prima facie reveals the role of the policemen.According to the prosecution, a scuffle broke out between Vijayan and the policemen while they were engaged in mining on August 21. When Vijayan advanced, by swimming, to the boat in which the policemen were, he was pushed into a gorge, where he drowned.The accusation against the third and fourth accused is that they didn't try to save Vijayan though they were on the banks of the river. In their bail applications, the two alleged that they were made the main accused in the case by the investigating officer to save the policemen.The case diary prima facie shows that efforts were made to save the policemen, and that investigation is not progressing in the right course, the court observed.The court declined to take into confidence the statement by a witness that the cops were on the banks of the river and it was Sajil and Vikraman who were on the boat.HC to scrutinize MLM guidelinesThe Kerala high court on Monday asked the state government to clarify on the guidelines that were relied upon to register cases against MonaVie India Enterprises. The direction by justice T R Ramachandran Nair was while considering a petition by MonaVie challenging freezing of its bank accounts by the police.The court asked the state to clarify whether any reports have been filed in any court against MonaVie. It directed the police to inform about the accounts that were ordered to be frozen and whether any report has been filed regarding the freeze to any court.The state had submitted last week that it hasn't permitted any MLM company flouting guidelines, to function.The submission was in response to MonaVie's contention that it is operating after obtaining necessary permission. Appearing in the case, special government pleader Sujith Mathew Jose had submitted that MonaVie violated the guidelines issued by the government for direct selling. Its operation is also in violation of the provisions of Prize Chits and Money Circulation (Banning) Act of 1978, the government contends.MonaVie is alleged to have duped around Rs 12 crore from investors.A petition by MonaVie's distributor M Shamsudeen alleging contempt of court by the government in his arrest is also pending before the high court.It cannot be believed that illegal sand mining was being carried out in such an open place without the knowledge of superior officers in police, the court observed.Policemen themselves engaging in illegal activities such as sand mining is shocking, the Kerala High Court observed on Monday.The observation by justice P Bhavadasan was while disposing anticipatory bail applications related to the death of a sand mining worker, who was murdered when he questioned mining by policemen.The court was considering bail applications by Sajil and Vikaraman, the third and fourth accused, in the death of mining worker Vijayan at Mavila Mannadi river at Thiruvananthapuram. Two policemen, Jalalmon and Joy, are the first and second accused in the case.The court's observation about illegal activities by policemen was after noting that the case diary prima facie reveals the role of the policemen.According to prosecution, a scuffle broke out between Vijayan and the policemen while engaged in mining on August 21. When Vijayan advanced, by swimming, to the boat in which the policemen were in, he was kicked and pushed out onto a gorge, where he drowned.The accusation against the third and fourth accused is that they didn't try to save Vijayan though they were on the banks of the river. In their bail applications, Sajil and Vikraman alleged that they were made the main accused in the case by the investigating officer to save the policemen.The case diary prima facie shows that efforts were made to save the policemen and that investigation is not progressing in the right course, the court observed.The court also declined to take into confidence the statement by one of the witnesses that the policemen were on the banks of the river and it was Sajil and Vikraman who were on the boat.It cannot be believed that illegal sand mining was being carried out in such an open place without the knowledge of superior officers in police, the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17201108", "title": "School arts festival venues announced", "text": "MALAPPURAM: There will be 18 venues for the next edition of school arts festival to be held at Malappuram town in January. The authorities have officially announced the venues of the festival on Monday here.MSP School Ground, Kottakkunnu Arangu Open Air Auditorium, Kottakkunnu Ground, Municipal Town Hall, Government Boys Higher secondary school Ground, Government Girls Higher Secondary school ground, St Jemmas Higher Secondary School, DTPC Hall, Central School Hall, MSP Community Hall, Palace Auditorium, Bus Stand Auditorium, Kunnummal AUP School, MSP Ground at Koottilangadi, MSP English Medium School Hall, Government Arts and Science College Munduparambu(two stages), and Islahiya Higher Secondary School Kizhakkethala would be the venues.A team of organizing committee members of the fest led by education minister P K Abdurabb, MLAs Abdul Rahman Randathani and P Ubaidulla, district police chief K Sethuraman and district panchayat president Zuhara Mambad visited the MSP ground, Kottakkunnu ground and Open air auditorium in morning. Speaking to reporters the minister said, the preparations of setting up main venues would begin soon and the various committees for the smooth conduct of the festival had already started functioning. ADM N K Antony, MSP commandant U Sharafali, DySP A S Raju, deputy director of education K C Gopi and district panchayat members were also there.The organizing committee office of the arts fest will be opened at the collectorate on November 17 by union minister of state for external affairs E Ahmmed. Education minister also will attend the function. A meeting of the organizing committee also will be held on the same day, at the district panchayat conference hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201190", "title": "Court rejects builder's plea in Lohegaon land case", "text": "PUNE: A special court here recently rejected a plea by builder Harish Milani to prosecute Mumbai-based builder Ramesh Govani and his partner Mahendra Shah, special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena and CBI inspector N M Parab in the Lohegaon land scam case. Milani, who is one of the suspects in the case, has alleged that the people named in his petition had manipulated evidence in the case.Milani's plea said Parab, who is the investigating officer in the scam, had allegedly concealed material evidence in the chargesheet for shielding Govani and Shah by entering into a criminal conspiracy with Saxena, the prosecutor in the scam.Parab had filed a chargesheet against Milani, defence estates officer (retd) Sevak Nayyar and others in the case. Milani had said the CBI should have made Govani a suspect rather than a witness in the case. He had demanded action against Govani, Shah, Parab and Saxena for alleged offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating, forgery, etc under various sections of the Indian Penal Code. He also appealed for contempt of court proceedings against them and demanded a compensation of Rs 100 crore for causing him mental harassment.Special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan had prayed for rejection of the plea stating that it was not maintainable.Rejecting Milani's plea, special judge D R Mahajan said it appears from the prosecution's record that Milani had played the main role in grabbing government land, but still was making a statement that he was innocent and was the legal owner of the land.Mahajan's order said there is no prima facie case to take action against Govani, Shah, Saxena and Parab. The plea is not maintainable and is premature as it was filed to harass the prosecution's witnesses, investigating officer and public prosecutor with ulterior motive, the judge observed. The court had earlier, too, rejected Milani's plea to make him an approver in the case as he was ready to reveal the names of more suspects against whom the CBI hadA not taken action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203562", "title": "Children's Day: Param, Tishya shine in talent show", "text": "LUDHIANA: To celebrate Children's Day with pomp and show, the members of Niharika Club gathered in a city-based hotel on Monday and invited around 10 students from various schools. A special day was planned for the kids as they took part in a costume drama. A fashion show was also organized during which the kids, who were dressed up as policeman, politician, doctor and other helpers of the society, walked cutely on the ramp. The first prize was awarded to Param Jaiveer, who dressed up as a soldier. Tishya, who had dressed up as Tinker Bell, was second. In the talent show, Krishna Chowdhary danced on 'Karate Kid' and walked away with the first prize. Raghubeer Chabra, who grooved to 'Rowdy Rathore', was second.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201519", "title": "Lack of parking space in markets creates problems", "text": "JAIPUR: Lack of enough parking facilities for those who will visit to see the well-decorated and markets is creating problems. The festive season has led to chaos in many city markets, with limited parking creating trouble for shoppers. Market associations have alleged that this will hit their business too as vehicles will not be allowed to park in the Walled City area.Suresh Saini, president of MI Road market association said, \"The traffic department and civic bodies have not provided space for parking. Traders had mooted several proposals for alternate arrangements for parking. These included parking of vehicles in open spaces near the markets. None of these proposals have materialized as the traders were not kept in the loop.\" He added, \"With no additional parking arrangements their business will be severely hit.\"Due to lack of space, vehicles are being haphazardly parked in the markets. The shoppers are finding it difficult to find space in the parking lots. In many congested areas including Raja Park, Walled City and Mansarovar area, vehicles can be seen parked on roads, disrupting smooth movement of traffic. Even during peak hours at night traffic snarls are being witnessed within parking lots near malls and Walled City area at the entry and exit points.According to DCP, traffic, Lata Manoj Kumar, \"With limited options available near the Walled City area, the parking facility for people coming to Walled City cannot be provided. The owners will not be allowed to stop or park their vehicles in the Walled City area as traffic flow will be disturbed.\"Meanwhile, the traffic department has outlined a plan for easing traffic snarls in many areas of the city in the wake of Diwali festival for three days. Diversions and restrictions on various routes of the Walled City have been made which will be effective during the coming three days.Two wheelers, cars and SUVs in the Walled City are allowed to enter and have a glimpse of lighting and decoration in the markets. Ram Pratap Singh , a resident, said , \" While driving one cannot enjoy the decorations. If parking facility was available near the Walled City area we would have parked our car there and walked inside. Moreover, driving for many in so much traffic, especially senior citizens is a tedious task.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199352", "title": "Longer wait for faster Harbour trains", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line commuters would be disheartened to learn that a long-standing dispute between the railways and the state government over the Mumbai Urban Transport Project-II cost-sharing has upset plans to run faster trains on the route.The Mumbai Railway Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has lined up a Rs 714 crore extension of platforms and other ancillary works to run 12-car trains on the Harbour line. For the purpose, it plans to partner with the state government on 50:50 cost-sharing basis. Work, though, is yet to begin because the state government has not issued an order on sharing of cost.In the interim, the Central Railway has come up with the concept of running 10-car trains, with an additional motor coach, to improve trains' speed on the route. This would involve lengthening the existing Harbour line platforms.The CR had suggested the MRVC sanction Rs 10 crore for extension of platforms. The MRVC, though, is not willing to spend the amount just yet.An MRVC official said, \"Our past experience with the MMRDA has made us wiser. In good faith, the railways had spent approximately Rs 143 crore for various works to be carried out under MUTP-II, assuming that it was in commuter interest, and that the MMRDA would reimburse its share.\"The MRVC officials said the MMRDA has refused to pay 50% of this cost (Rs 71.5 crore) incurred between April 2009 and August 31, 2010.MMRDA stated it will only bear the financial burden of expenditure incurred after November 2010. This was when the subsidiary agreement was signed with the MRVC to share the cost on a 50:50 basis.An MRVC official said, \"The MMRDA said we had shown undue haste in carrying out this work before a formal agreement was signed.\"Confirming this, an MMRDA official said, \"We will face uncomfortable questions from the auditor over expenses made before a formal agreement was signed. Moreover, the railways had, in the past, asked us to share the financial burden of the project, work on which began before its inclusion in the MUTP Phase-I. We are not willing to continue with such a practice.\"Countering this, an MRVC official said, \"The MRVC, a joint venture between the government and the railways, was conceived as an entity to implement projects under both phases of MUTP. Signing of the cost-sharing agreement is a mere formality.\"Moreover, the official said, the railways gave its approval for the Rs 5,300 crore MUTP-II project in 2008-09, after a state commitment in the form of a government resolution on April 19, 2007. The government also issued a GR on April 29, 2010, to share the cost on a 50:50 basis. The official said the MMRDA's insistence to share the cost only after signing a subsidiary finance agreement, therefore, does not hold ground; it was part of the process to avail of a World Bank loan.\"It is also not correct on the MMRDA's part to claim that funds were spent for non-MUTP works too. We have asked them to come for meetings so that doubts can be clarified. However, it appears the state government is not keen to share the cost. The decision to stop funds is harming commuter interests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200338", "title": "Rajarhat plot fetches Rs 6.85cr in auction", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government's plan to hardsell Rajarhat as a financial hub seems to be bearing fruit. A 22-cottah plot of land auctioned in Action Area I of Rajarhat has fetched Rs 6.85 crore, which is equal to Rs 18.45 crore per acre. The plot has been sold off to set up a polyclinic cum day care centre that can cater to the needs of local residents.\"We had put up a 22-cottah plot located in Action Area I for auction to set up a polyclinic cum day care centre. The last date of application was November 9. The plot has received a highest bid of Rs 6.85 crore, which is equivalent to Rs 18.45 crore per acre. We are working to complete the formalities quickly so that the process of setting up the day care centre can start at the earliest,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen.So far, New Town lacks a hospital or polyclinic, said officials. Local residents hence depend on neighbouring areas of Salt Lake or VIP Road to attend to health issues. The number of people living in the township is estimated at 15,000. But with more highrises coming up in the area, the population is expected to shoot up further.Hidco planned to sell the land for a polyclinic keeping in mind the need of the residents. The news will come as a relief to them, felt officials.In August this year, in the highest ever land auction for Rajarhat New Town, a 2.5-acre plot for a retail cum office complex fetched Rs 51.13 crore. The land, priced at more than Rs 20 crore per acre or Rs 34 lakh per cottah, broke all land selling records in Rajarhat New Town in terms of per acre price.Though the authorities have been trying very hard to attract investments in the much touted financial hub, Hidco has been successfully selling small plots for commercial purposes.The authorities had earlier put nine small plots in the area, ranging between 20 cottah and 2 acres, for sale through conventional bidding and auctioning, Out of the nine plots, seven of them were sold for a whopping Rs 58.5 crore.Hidco authorities were also working on selling lands through e-auction. In the first such land sold through e-auction, a 2-acre plot for setting up a high school, fetched Rs 10.10 crore. More plots will be sold through this process, said Hidco officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199684", "title": "Duped, investors waged all-out war to see investment fraud accused behind bars", "text": "NEW DELHI: They had waited for one and a half years for Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire's arrest. In the meantime, these 2 lakh investors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all of them from the middle and upper middle class background from all over the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d did everything to ensure that police did not give up on the case.Since June 2011, 14,000 of them have lodged complaints at Moti Nagar police station in Delhi which have been transferred to the Economic Offences Wing (EOW). Several victims even went beyond filing the mandatory complaints. From uploading videos of Ulhas to even opening a victims' page on Facebook for all those duped by this master fraudster, these investors believed that they would see him behind bars one day.Ankur Sachdeva, a businessman from Karol Bagh, told TOI, \"Stock Guru India began operations in the city in February 2010. Even as word spread about its fabulous returns \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 20% returns on the principal amount for each of the first six months \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I took it with a pinch of salt and waited.\"In the next four months, I was bombarded with SMSs from this company about the gains of this investment. They also told me that a leading playback singer and a top actress of Hindi serials were associated with the project. They even found me on Facebook and offered me details about possible investments.\"Before long, Sachdeva had invested Rs 2 lakh. As promised, he also began getting the returns on time. \"However, they declared suddenly that the company will stop paying interest after December 31 and those who want to continue have to reinvest the principal amount. Since I was pleased with their service; I pledged Rs 12 lakh, an extra Rs 10 lakh. In the very first month of January 2011, they defaulted and Ulhas announced that he cannot pay the interest as there was an income tax raid on his premises and that he had fled to US,\" Sachdeva added.Once he understood that he had been cheated, Sachdeva knew there was no turning back. \"We knew we had to warn others about this man who could change disguises within seconds. We decided to go viral on the internet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we used every form possible to expose him,\" said Sachdeva.Another victim, N K Malhotra, has almost a similar story. For this trader from west Delhi, Rs 80,000 was a big amount. \"More than the parties that he threw at five-star hotels or his marketing blitz, I was impressed how quickly this company's name had spread by the word of mouth. I invested around March 2010 and for almost a year got returns on time. I never imagined what Ulhas had in store for us,\" Malhotra said.Like him, M S Chaudhri, another trader, lost Rs 1.5 lakh. \"I was getting Rs 16,000 a month. There was little to complain initially. For a man with modest means, the investment seemed like a chance of a lifetime.\"EOW officers who have arrested Ulhas and his wife Raksha said they found most investors to be of modest means, with many having no idea that such astronomical returns from the share market was impossible.Sanjay Siyaram Rathaur and Savita Rathaur from Ahmedabad share the same sentiments. \"We had deposited Rs 92,000 of our hard-earned money. We went by their assurances, little knowing the ground details, as their offices were located at Moti Nagar in Delhi and in Ludhiana. We never knew all assurances were fake,\" they said in their complaint to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204582", "title": "Sonakshi returns to her parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 fold", "text": "This Diwali is extra-special for Shatrughan Sinha and his family. It's a reunion of sorts as the family members, who had separate floors built for themselves in the newly-renovated multi-storey residence Ramayan, decided to live under the same roof.The Sinhas - Sonakshi, Luv and Kush - have decided to move back with their parents on the two top floors of the 10-storey building that Shatrughan and Punam Sinha built to give their children some privacy.However the kids, especially Sonakshi apparently want to live under the same roof as the parents. Says a source, \"Sinha's bungalow was razed down and replaced by a highrise just so that the three children get their privacy. But after their father's hospitalization Sonakshi, Luv and Kush want to be as near to their parents as possible.\"The top two floors of Ramayan which were to be occupied by the matriarch and patriarch is now being converted into a family nest to accommodate all the five members of the Sinha family.Confirming these developments mom Punam Sinha said, \"The top two floors are being readied on a war footing for Diwali. The children will be with us. They can have all the privacy they need after they get married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200780", "title": "After salvage op, beached vessel has nowhere to go", "text": "CHENNAI: Salvors have pulled Pratibha Cauvery from the seabed, but the oil tanker will find it tough to extricate itself from the legal mess it is in.Having come from Haldia to Chennai with a single-voyage permit in the last week of September, its classification certificate had expired soon after it unloaded its last cargo. After remaining grounded for 11 days till Sunday, the ship has now been towed three nautical miles off the Chennai coast, but it can neither go out of the Tamil Nadu jurisdiction nor come to the city port to find a berth.The city port on Monday clarified that it will not allow Pratibha Cauvery to enter the port unless there is such a direction from the Union shipping ministry. With relatives of some of the sailors who died while trying to escape from the beached vessel approaching the Madras high court, it cannot sail away to another port.Chennai port finds no reason to give a berth to Pratibha Cauvery. \"We are a commercial entity with three berths for oil tankers which are being used. We can't let a dead ship take up the space and deny us business,\" said a port official. Port authorities are already cut up with political interferences at the shipping ministry level that force them into letting abandoned vessels take up precious space at the port.Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra said they have not committed to alloting a berth to the ship. \"There are safety issues and financial issues. There are different reasons, especially with an expired classification certificate. We will follow directions from the shipping ministry,\" he said.Six sailors were killed while trying to escape from the ship which started drifting in the winds of Cyclone Nilam on October 31.Sources who visited the ship said its engine is working, but both the anchors are broken. It doesn't have valid classification documents needed for voyage. The DG Shipping clearance for trade operations expired on October 30, and the vessel was awaiting permission from the owner, Pratibha Shipping, to head to a dry dock when the accident happened.On Monday, the Seafarers' Port Welfare Association distributed clothes to the surviving sailors of the ship for Dilwai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201058", "title": "Corporation approves Rs 77 cr project proposal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Corporation has approved the Rs 77.63-crore project proposals for the financial year 2012-2013. The council meeting on Monday also approved Rs 88-crore worth projects for the next fiscal along with approving the draft proposals for the 12th five year plan. The plan was passed after six hours of deliberations.Road infrastructure and social sector welfare spending get top billing in the 2012-13 plan with the civic body setting aside Rs19.29 crore for public works. The road sector also gets Rs 13.25 crore as maintenance grant.Women and child development gets Rs 9.74 crore; Rs 9.98 crore has been earmarked for the development of scheduled castes. Rs 2.07 crore has been set aside for solid waste management; Rs 2.9 crore for sports; Rs 1.2 crore for drinking water projects and Rs one crore each for SSA allocation and office computerization.Agriculture and allied sectors, small scale industry, fisheries, dairy development and protection of buildings, art, culture and beautification get Rs 60 lakh each. Among the new e-governance projects to be implemented during the year are: geographic information system, digitalization of office records, and electronic handheld devices for bill collectors.In the agriculture and allied sector, focus will be on terrace vegetable cultivation, subsidy for pipe composting and comprehensive wetland protection. In the industrial sector, the civic body is planning to set up mini industrial parks with common effluent treatment plants.In the poverty alleviation sector, it has been planned to give cloths to Kudumbasree workers and conduct skill development programmes for children of Kudumbasree members.In the welfare sector, thrust will be on implementing welfare schemes for senior citizens.In the sports sector, play grounds will be constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200419", "title": "Govt plans crackdown on highly polluting vehicles", "text": "NEW DELHI: With last week's smog drawing attention to the effects of growing vehicular pollution, the Delhi government is planning a crackdown on highly polluting vehicles. Those found violating the pollution norms might have to pay Rs 2,000 as fine. On the eve of Diwali, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said a proposal will soon be placed before the cabinet for proposal. It has been decided to effectively implement the ban on burning leaves and garbage.Recently, the CM had put the onus for the smog cover on the neighbouring states, Punjab, UP and Haryana. She had blamed the burning of rice straw in those states for formation of the haze, maintaining that vehicular pollution was under check. Even so, a special drive was announced. With environment activists and experts emphasizing that Delhi's air was becoming increasingly polluted, leading to smog, Dikshit held a review on Monday. The CM discussed the issue with chairman (EPCA) Bhure Lal, director, Centre for Science and Environment Dr Sunita Narain, chief secretary P K Tripathi, commissioner of transport Rajendra Kumar, environment secretary Sanjeev Kumar and officials from the Met department.It was proposed during the review that the transport department and Delhi Police be instructed to take action against highly polluting vehicles and a fine of Rs 2,000 be imposed on the spot.Another suggestion was that commercial vehicles not bound for Delhi be denied permission to enter the city. This was essential in view of the apex court's instructions, EPCA members said. It was recommended that check posts be set up on entry points of the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17204061", "title": "NE faces identity crisis, thanks to illegal migration", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after the July-August unrest in Assam, the issue of illegal migration continues to dominate the debate on north-east in public space.In a seminar organized by the Institute for Conflict Management (ICM) here on 'The Multiple Crises of the Northeast\", demographic changes in the region arising out of illegal migration from Bangladesh and the question of regional identity was touched upon by almost all speakers.While former DGP (Punjab Police) KPS Gill said that all communities except illegal migrants in Assam are under threat, former IAS officer Rangan Dutta, who is studying north-east insurgency, said that assertion of identity has to end as it has become a business and that the \"north-east disorder\" was due to autonomy granted to various regions.Other suggestions included improving trade between Assam and Bangladesh as also identifying Bangladeshi migrants and denying them economic and political space if India is unable to deport them.Gill, who has also served extensively in the north-east, said, \"Assam is a tragedy waiting to happen. In Assam, all communities are under threat except illegal migrants. Identity (of the local population) has to be protected. However, both the state and the Centre have failed to do this.\"Gill also blamed the local people, whom he called victims, for selling of their land at cheap rates to migrants and then suddenly realizing that they needed to reclaim it leading to violent clashes. \"How many people can you kill?\" the former IPS officer asked.Dutta, however, chose to differ on the ground that it was assertion of identity that was the cause of all troubles in the northeast. He also said that illegal migration from Bangladesh would continue given that there was an acute shortage of labour in the north-east compounded by the dwindling numbers of Bihari migrant labour which is increasingly choosing to stay back home thanks to job surplus provided by MGNREGA.\"Political dispensation has given incentives to autonomous councils. This has led to various groups asserting separate identity where elites would corner these benefits. Time has come to end this,\" he said adding that the region itself was confused over the parameters of identity.He said that if the region wants to divide itself on linguistic identity then Assamese would have to include Muslims as almost half the Assamese speaking people in the state (49% in all) were Muslims of Bengali descent.Senior journalist Pradip Phanjoubam, however, argued in favour of regional identity saying that time of the nation-state philosophy was over and it had to be replaced by region-state philosophy. Quoting eminent lawyer Fali S Nariman, he also said that in relation to the north-east, India was still carrying the insecurity of 1947 and that Armed Forces Special Powers Act was the stick to beat that. He said, \"If one is wary of looking at self-determination legally, one can look at it existentially.\"Madan Bezbaruah, IAS (retd), who served in Mizoram and Assam in periods of insurgency said that illegal migration was a reality and that the migrants were occupying both land and politics. \"It is unrealistic to think that they can be sent back. They should be identified, however, and made sure they do not usurp economic and political space.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17201390", "title": "Margao municipal council to seek further advice on Sonsoddo garbage dump issue", "text": "MARGAO: Margao municipal council (MMC) has invited its Chennai-based consultant K R Gopalkrishnan to Margao on November 21 to hold deliberations over the consultancy report submitted by him to the civic body for the task of capping the Sonsoddo garbage dump on scientific lines.Confirming this, MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said clarifications and explanations over certain processes and designs mentioned in his report will be sought from the consultant, Gopalkrishnan.\"The consultant has provided four options for the design to be adopted for the capping exercise. Discussions with the consultant will enable us to select the most suitable plan and design. We will select the design which, besides being cost effective, will cover the maximum area of the garbage dump,\" Kothwale said.Though the consultancy report is silent on the financial estimates for the project, sources said the project is likely to cost at least 4-5 cr and will take a minimum of six months for completion.Once the design is selected and the council gives its nod for the project, MMC will invite expressions of interest from contractors for executing the capping exercise as per the designs and drawings prepared by the consultant.The capping exercise envisages leveling and reforming the existing heap of garbage and incorporating environmental mitigation measures including laying of geotextiles (impermeable surface cover) to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas (predominantly methane), leachate collection system, development of a green belt and landscaping, including a green cover over the dump site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199848", "title": "Diwali verve fails to light up realty market", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diwali may be the most auspicious time to invest in property, but Delhiites are playing it safe this year. Economic slowdown coupled with the rise in property prices has affected realty investments big time. Experts and property dealers say that the sales have come down by almost 25% as compared to last year. The majority among those who are still investing in property are buying 'budget houses' that cost in the range of Rs 40 lakh to Rs 1 crore.\"There is no big excitement for Diwali this year. The Delhi market, in particular, is very slow. The reasons could be because the property prices went up and the market rates are also higher now. There is also a general sentiment of economic slowdown among people. But things are still moving for projects that have competitive prices. NCR is more affected than say Bangalore or outer Mumbai where sales are still happening. Certainly, most of the demand is for 'affordable housing,'\" says Anshuman Magazine, chairman and MD, CB Richard Ellis.The real estate dealers in the city are of a similar opinion. Sanjay Sirohi of Sirohi Estates says that there is a slump of about 25% in sales compared to last year. \"The appreciation in property prices and inflation in general is making people very conservative about investing in property,\" said Sirohi.Some people are investing in plots on the outskirts instead of houses. \"People don't want to block their money by buying property considering there is so much economic uncertainty,\" says Mahesh Gupta of Mukul Consultants and Estate Agencies.According to a recent report by real estate consultancy firm, PropEquity, apartment sales in NCR dropped by 42% in January-August 2012, compared to the same period last year. The average price has risen 14% to Rs 3,797 per sq ft so far this year. \"During Diwali the sales have picked up marginally. Having said that, the sales continue to be very low. There are multiple reasons for this, one being appreciation of property prices in NCR and Mumbai,\" added Samir Jasuja, founder and CEO of Prop Equity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199571", "title": "Hamid Karzai invites Bollywood to shoot films in Afghanistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai has invited Indian producers to come and film in his country. He promised safety and provision of logistical support to the filmmakers.Director Mahesh Bhatt, who was part of the film delegation that met Karzai on Saturday, said, \"Mr Karzai spoke about how the appetite for entertainment was peaking in his country. Almost 35 channels have started airing all kinds of content in Afghanistan. Our movies and TV soaps are a rage.\"Afghanistan was among the biggest markets of Bollywood films until the early 1990s.Even during the war, Hindi movies were screened in cinemas of Kabul. Bhatt adds, \"Mr Karzai emphasized that the time is here for the Indian film industry to pick up the threads from where we left and build strong cinematic ties with Afghanistan. He has welcomed us with open arms to come and film there. He assured us that his government will give us all the logistical support.\"Karzai, who speaks fluent Hindi, talked about actors like Meena Kumari and Rajendra Kumar. General secretary of FWICE, Dinesh Chaturvedi, said, \"He even knew most of our actors and actresses and is more than happy to see our films release in Afghanistan.\"Karzai also said there are so many things common in the culture of our two countries and we need to celebrate that.Arshad Warsi, who shot his film Kabul Express in Afghanistan, also attended the meet. He said, \"Mr Karzai assured us that it is absolutely safe to shoot films in Afghanistan. There are about 35 TV channels there and most of them are Indian.\"Other films shot in Afghanistan are Khuda Gawah, Escape from Taliban and Dharmatma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201865", "title": "Two great Indian bustards sighted near Umred", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when the Great Indian Bustard (GIB), the majestic grassland bird popularly called as Maldhok, is facing extinction, the sighting of two GIBs in Mandwa near Bhiwapur tehsil has thrilled bird lovers and conservationists.The sightings triggered a wave of excitement, as these birds have been sighted after a gap of four years (2009). Honorary district wildlife warden for Nagpur, Rohit Karoo claimed that the birds were very much there but they could not be caught on camera as these very shy birds.Nagpur forest division claimed that during its annual GIB monitoring exercise since 2009, not a single GIB was sighted. However, on Monday, Gajanan Ingle, a farmer, sighted a male and a female.Ingle, who has been regularly monitoring these birds, informed Karoo and GIB conservationist Gopal Thosar. While the male flew away, Era Wegad, an avid bird watcher, could photograph the female.Karoo denied claims that the there was no sighting of GIBS in the area. \"The department needs to change the annual monitoring exercise from August to November, the month when these birds have been sighted,\" Karoo said.\"In last four years, I've sighted GIBs in the area six times. As grasslands have vanished, these birds have made farmlands their homes. We plan to felicitate Ingle for his contribution,\" Karoo added.The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has classified GIBS as a critically endangered bird.Thosar said that human interference is causing problems for GIBS. Since 2006, there have been no reports of breeding of these birds. The GIB lays only one egg in a year and that too on the ground. \"The female may not incubate the egg due to disturbance. Also, since the egg is laid on the ground other animals eat it,\" said Thosar.\"The lifespan of a GIB is 15-17 years and no breeding of these endangered birds may lead to its extinction. Addition of new population is necessary for their long-term survival,\" said Thosar. He called for regular monitoring of the birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202362", "title": "Readymade 'rangolis' in vogue", "text": "PATNA: Think of Diwali and the image of a well-dressed woman making a beautiful 'rangoli' appears in one's mind. But think again, is this real? The answer is simply no. 'Sticker waali rangolis (readymade rangolis)' have become a common sight in every household, replacing the trend of making traditional 'rangolis' with different colours.Ranjit Kumar, a shopowner at Buddha Colony, said readymade 'rangolis' are most sought-after by the buyers, while dry colours have very few takers. \"Till now, I have sold 25 packets containing around 300 readymade 'rangolis', amounting to a total of Rs 7,000,\" he said.Similar is the tale at Sudhir Kumar's stall at Patliputra Colony, who said that 'sticker rangolis' attract around 20 to 25 buyers daily. These are easy to apply and not messy, unlike that made with dry colours.Marwari Yuva Manch's Amar Agarwaal, who had been organizing rangoli-making competitions at various places until last year, attributed the decline in people's interest in making manual 'rangolis' at their homes during Diwali to the growing individualism. \"With the advent of nuclear family system, people prefer to remain confined to themselves. It is difficult for them to spend their precious time in such an art which requires both time and patience,\" he said.Pappu Gupta, a stall owner at Boring Canal Road, said that during Diwali packets of dry colours fetch them as little as Rs 20 to 100 each. Readymade 'rangolis' account for 20 to 30% of the total sale on this count. He also said that more than 30% of his customers for the readymade 'rangolis' are those who live in apartments located in the vicinity.When asked about her preference, Dipika, who resides in a flat on Boring Canal Road, said she preferred readymade 'rangoli' to those made by hand with dry colours. \"Making 'rangolis' with dry colours is a very tiresome job and requires creativity. The readymade ones available in markets in attractive designs are affordable and durable too, as they do not get smudged even with water. Besides, both my parents are working and I am also busy with my studies, so it gets difficult to spare time for making 'rangoli',\" she said, adding, \"Jab bazar mein bani banayi rangoliyan mil hi rahin hain toh ghar par banane mein time kyun waste karna?\"Ruby Singhania too said that though decorating the abode of god at homes with traditional 'rangolis' is a significant part of their culture and the rich and flamboyant colours of 'rangolis' are meant to be auspicious for the occasion, her 'bhabhi' (sister-in-law) preferred readymade 'rangolis'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200853", "title": "Woman snatches gold chain from another, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old woman was arrested on Friday for snatching a mobile phone from a woman at Alandur.Police said Karunya, who runs a beauty parlour in the same area, was walking on the road with an expensive mobile phone in her hand when Sudha, later identified as a habitual offender whose husband is serving a jail term for murder, snatched it from her and ran away.A shocked Karunya later told police that the woman had followed her for some time before snatching her phone and running way. Passersby tried to nab her but she made good her escape, she said. People were shocked as it was the first time they were seeing a woman thief in action, but none who chased her could catch her in the lanes and by-lanes of Adambakkam, Karunya said.Karunya and some others who witnessed the incident provided a description of the woman chain-snatcher but police said that initially they had no clue about who the criminal could be. They went through their dossiers and suspected that Sudha could have been the thief.When a team of the Alandur police went to Sundha's house in the same area she initially denied stealing the phone. But, after persistent questioning she broke down and confessed to her crime and was remanded in judicial custody.She told police that her husband was serving time in jail and that she found it hard to make ends meet and resorted to crime to make a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17199895", "title": "Sans Saina, Indian hopes bleak", "text": "HYDERABAD: The withdrawal of ace shuttler Saina Nehwal has taken the fizz out of the Indian campaign at the Li Ning China Open Super Series Premier, which kicks off in Shanghai on Tuesday.Sans Saina, India's chances at the tournament look bleak. Top ranking Indian in men's singles Parupalli Kashyap is the best hope for the country at the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200540", "title": "Sriperumbudur to get a sewage plant", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (CMWSSB) will soon begin construction of a sewage treatment plant at Sriperumbudur to cater to the growing population in the industrial town.The 8.5 million litre per day (MLD) sewage treatment plant is expected to be commissioned by next year and will cater primarily to Sriperambudur town panchayat. The town at present lacks a comprehensive system for domestic waste disposal.\"We decided to set up the plant after we noticed that an increasing number of people were moving to the industrial town for work. Although it has an efficient system in place for treatment of effluents from industries, it does not have a satisfactory network for domestic sewage disposal,\" said a CMWSSB official.CMWSSB will monitor the progress of the project. \"Once completed and commissioned, it will be handed over to the town panchayat,\" he said, adding that a tender for the project had been floated.While 80% of the project will be funded by the Central government, the state and urban local bodies will chip in 10% each.The sewage plant will be based on sequential batch reactor technology, similar to Tambaram and Sholinganallur plants, said the official, adding that the technology would held reduce carbon footprint. The treated water from the plant can also be used for secondary and tertiary purposes like gardening and cultivation.Although the area has an efficient system in place for treatment of effluents from industries, it does not have a satisfactory network for domestic sewage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17204477", "title": "Bopanna to partner Rajeev Ram, Bhupathi combines with Nestor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rohan Bopanna has confirmed his partnership with American Rajeev Ram for the next ATP season, the move comes in the wake of Mahesh Bhupathi-Bopanna combine deciding to part ways.While Bhupathi will be partnering Canadian Daniel Nestor , Bopanna will be seen pairing up with long-time friend Rajeev on the ATP circuit next year.The duo has a combined experience of 17 years on the professional circuit.\"Rohan and Rajeev had decided a few months ago to combine forces to make what they believe an extremely formidable partnership, given their complementary styles of play and strong service games,\" a release from Play Right, the firm which manages Bopanna, stated today.Bopanna had a successful year with Bhupathi, which included two titles at Dubai and Paris and runner-up finish at the just-concluded season-ending London Masters.He also attained his career-best ranking of eight in March this year.\"I played with Mahesh in 2012 with a special focus on preparing for the London Olympics and now that it's over, I want to concentrate on the ATP circuit and I am eager to build a strong, sustainable partnership,\" Bopanna said about his decision.\"Rajeev is a great player and given our individual strengths, and his command of the deuce court, I believe that we can complement each other very well on the court,\" he added.The duo had earlier made an appearance as a team at the Australian Open in 2008, where as an unseeded combination they proceeded to the pre-quarters defeating higher ranked teams along the way.With a career best doubles ranking of 33, Rajeev has maintained a fine balance between the singles and doubles circuits.The 28-year-old, however, has limited his singles appearances in the last couple of years and is concentrating more on the doubles game.Rajeev earlier this year in September won the St Petersburg Open along with Nenad Zimonjic .\"I am very excited to play with Rohan in 2013. He is not only one of the best doubles players in the world but also a good friend. It is a great opportunity for me and I am looking forward to it,\" Rajeev said.With a total of 14 ATP doubles titles between them, Rohan and Rajeev are looking to recapture the magic in 2013.\"2012 has been a good season for both of us and we hope to continue the momentum into 2013. However, we really want to focus on one match at a time,\" said Bopanna.His new partner was, though, was in no mood to look too far ahead.\"Looking at the first month of the year, there are two big events in Chennai and the Australian Open so there is no need to look any further than that,\" Rajeev pointed.\"We haven't played together since Australia in 2008 so it has been a while. I just hope to continuously improve so that we can reach our full potential,\" he added.The newly-formed combination will open their campaign in 2013 at the Chennai Open, where Rajeev won the title in 2009 partnering Eric Butorac .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "17200986", "title": "Telangana Joint Action Committee chief flayed for barb at Geeta Reddy", "text": "ADILABAD: Madiga Reservation Porata Samithi (MRPS) president Manda Krishna Madiga has warned that Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) chairman M Kodandaram would not be allowed to tour the region unless he apologised to J Geeta Reddy within 24 hours for his derogatory remarks against the tourism minister.Speaking to reporters on Monday, the MRPS leader launched a scathing attack on the TJAC chairman for the disparaging statements against a dalit leader.Saying that Kodandaram's comments against the dalit minister bordered on a show of arrogance, Manda Krishna wondered how the TJAC chairman had spared other women Reddy ministers like Sabita Indra Reddy, Sunitha Laxma Reddy and DK Aruna the same derogatory tirade.\"The TJAC leader made such comments only because Geeta Reddy is dalit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17199850", "title": "I've always been a self-motivator: Brad Friedel", "text": "There are statistics and there are phenomenally remarkable statistics - like Brad Friedel's run of 310 consecutive Premier League appearances that spanned over eight long years with three different clubs, and finally came to an end last month. The Tottenham Hostpur shot stopper, 41, tells TOI what the outstanding feat means to him, how former club Blackburn's relegation saddened him and all that he wishes to achieve at White Hart Lane. Excerpts...Your reaction when you got to know that your record of 310 straight starts would be brought to a halt...I was more proud of the achievement than anything - it's not a small amount of games! I knew I was still fit and there was no feeling whatsoever that my career was over. It was just a case of backing the players on the field and I was happy we got the result against Aston Villa by winning 2-0.Turning up at every single game through eight years requires special motivation. What's kept you going?I just love playing football. I've always been a self-motivator. Most of my friends tell me the same thing though - there is nothing better than playing football.Has the acquisition of Hugo Lloris this summer pushed you to stay on top of your game?No, nothing different to the way in which the two great goalkeepers we already had on the books in Carlo Cudicini and Heurelho Gomes were doing so all last season. We have four very good goalkeepers here at the club and we know that there is competition for places.What's been your best moment...I think with regard to club football it's not really appropriate to pick out a best moment as you are constantly trying to keep moving forward and making sure that your next game is the best moment of your career. Internationally though, I would have to say that captaining your country is a tremendous honour, and I was lucky enough to do that on a number of occasions.I wouldn't necessarily say that there is a best save that I can remember - although there might be saves that mean more, it doesn't necessarily mean they're more difficult - but the penalty save I made against South Korea in the 2002 World Cup was quite special to me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203979", "title": "Clay diyas with new look a hit this Diwali", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With just two days left for the festival of lights, business at city markets is at its peak as thousands of people rush to buy decorative items and crackers.Shops selling electric lamps, diyas and colourful candles in the Unit-I market building, are already revelling as sales surge to record high in the festive season. While LED lights and Chinese decorative bulbs are gaining popularity, market for traditional clay lamps is also burning bright.Artisans and clay artists are burning the midnight oil to innovate in designs and patterns of clay diyas to compete with cheap electric lights. Eco-friendly diyas and terracotta lamps are favourites this season and come at affordable prices. The designs are contemporary and target young buyers.\"Though these days youngsters are getting attracted to LED and Chinese lights, diyas are still in demand,\" says Bharat Kumbhar, an artisan from Shyampur on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201398", "title": "Their date with sparkling \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKareena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been the aspiration of many to spend time with famous Bollywood and Hollywood stars. This Diwali, manufacturers have come up with colourfully-decorated cracker boxes that carry pictures of Kareena Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai, Genelia D'souza, Angelina Jolie, among others.According to Neeraj Kumar who is a cracker wholesaler in Sector 26 for the past two decades: \"Cracker packages with photos of actors and actresses are very popular this season. Some buyers have even started associating particular crackers with their favourite screen stars. Like Kareena Kapoor with a 'fuljhari', Aishwarya Rai with a sky shot, Genelia D'souza is often associated with an atom bomb and Angelina Jolie with a colourful 'chakri'.\"For Rahul Ghai, 22, a customer who was at a cracker stall in Sector 34: \"We ask for Kareena Kapoor 'fuljhari' and the seller immediately knows what we want.\"Not only this, cracker boxes showing cartoon characters like Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Romeo, and other animated figures like Avatar were seen selling at several stalls. Also present on the venue was a life-size Santa Claus promoting the crackers. Stall owners said cartoon characters and animated figures attracted huge crowds, mostly youngsters. Simran Verma who was making purchases at a stall in Mohali said: \"It's just amazing to see Santa with a bagful of gifts and Barbie dolls printed on cracker boxes. I will have to spend Rs 1,000 more as my 13-year-old son wants all crackers that are packed in Donald Duck boxes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201050", "title": "Squabble over slots raises stink in Panaji fish market", "text": "PANAJI: The Panaji fish market witnessed unruly scenes and remained closed for most part of Monday after a dispute broke out between two groups of vendors. The vendors who operate from within the market and those who sell on the road outside had a heated argument after the latter refused to leave by their allotted time of 9.30am.The latter, who sell fish caught by traditional fishermen-ramponkars-argued that the catch they sell depends entirely on the tides and adhering to a pre-set time was therefore not feasible.The market-based vendors then took a morcha to the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) where they complained to commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues and mayor Vaidehi Naik that the other group was affecting their business.They further claimed that the 18 road-operating vendors were also obstructing traffic and messing up the place.Asserting that this situation would not have arisen had the late ramponkar leader and Cortalim MLA Matanhy Saldanha still been alive, the road-operating vendors accused the CCP of supporting non-Goan fisherfolk over Goan fisherfolk.Menino D'Souza, a ramponkar, told TOI, \"We won't move from the area even if they use force.\" The 'ramponkar' vendors enjoy the support of CCP ward 2 councillor Nazareth Cabral as several live in that ward.Pointing out that there were \"various angles\" to be looked at in this issue, the CCP commissioner said the number of fish sellers on the road had been increasing and this was leading to haphazardness and inaccessible parking among other problems.He said those selling their fish outside the market were getting undisciplined by not following the timings set and this was affecting around 150-200 fish vendors operating inside the market. If retail continues outside the market, the concept of a market is lost, said Rodrigues.The CCP has proposed that those selling fish outside should wind up by 9.30am and move to slots inside the market. The sellers are adamant though, and it is to be seen what the CCP ultimately does.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17204084", "title": "Bangla infiltrators take refuge in Jaintia Hills coal quarries", "text": "SHILLONG: Even as the Border Security Force (BSF) posted along the Indo-Bangladesh border in Meghalaya have apprehended several Bangladeshi nationals trying to illegally cross the border over the past few days, the coal belts in the Jaintia Hills here have become a favoured destination for the infiltrators. Acting on specific inputs, BSF troops stationed at Hangaria Border Outpost, Ex-98 Battalion, deployed in East Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya apprehended four Bangladeshi illegal immigrants while they were illegally entering the country near Border Post 1310/10-R on Monday.\"The infiltrators were identified as Islamuddin, Sahin Ahmed, Momud Rashid and Ishaq Ahmed, all from Sylhet district of Bangladesh. A total of Bangladeshi currency Taka 1,315 was also recovered from their possession,\" a BSF spokesperson at the Meghalaya Frontier Headquarters here said.\"During preliminary inquiry, the apprehended Bangladeshi immigrants revealed that they were going to coal quarries in Khlerihat coal mine areas in East Jaintia Hills District. They also revealed that a Bangladeshi tout namely Hussain facilitated the cross border movement in lieu of 1500 Bangladeshi Taka per head,\" the BSF revealed.\"Notably, the Meghalaya Frontier BSF is keeping a strict vigil on the border to check the infiltration of the illegal immigrants into the Indian territory. During the month of November so far, the BSF troops have apprehended 23 illegal immigrants from the Meghalaya border,\" the BSF official added. He further added that the apprehended persons and seized items have been handed over to concerned department for disposal and legal action as per law of the land.Recently, BSF troops at BOP Umkiang, Ex-98 Battalion deployed in East Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya had apprehended three Bangladeshi illegal immigrants while they were infiltrating from Bangladesh to India near Border Post 1329/9-s. The trio was identified as Bakiruddin, Abdul Khalik and Mohammedd Jaid, also from Sylhet district of the neighbouring country. \"During preliminary questioning, the apprehended Bangladeshi nationals revealed that one Bangladeshi tout namely Sukur Ali was facilitating their trans-border movement. However, he managed to flee to Bangladeshi territory,\" the BSF had said. These Bangladeshi illegal immigrants too intended to go to the coal quarries in Khlerihat coal mine areas in East Jaintia Hills, the BSF added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202376", "title": "Hospitals, fire service geared up for Diwali", "text": "PATNA: With Diwali round the corner, emergency services are all geared up to meet any eventuality during the festival period. As people are busy finishing their last minute preparation, hospitals and Bihar Fire Service are making all possible arrangements to ensure a safe Diwali.State fire officer Ramesh Chandra said, \"The fire brigade is always prepared for any mishap and the same is true for the Diwali day as well. Altogether 350 fire tenders, including 20 in Patna alone, would be available across the state on Diwali day. We had earlier issued certain guidelines for the people through advertisements.\"Patna district administration has already issued guidelines to firecracker sellers and subdivisional officers keeping in mind the safety of the people on Diwali.Even the hospitals are ready to tackle accident cases on Diwali. Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) superintendent, Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, said, \"Our emergency ward is fully equipped to meet accident cases on Diwali. We have three emergencies that have been stocked with medicines. Our doctors, nurses and paramedics will be there to take care of patients that day.\"She said the hospital has two ambulances that would be on hand that day.Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) director, Dr Arun Thakur, said, \"The emergency ward is ready to handle all emergency cases, as usual. Mostly burn cases come on Diwali day. We have also issued an advisory and alerted all our doctors and surgeons to be ready for any happening on Diwali.\"Thakur said the IGIMS had two ambulances that would be available on that day, apart from the '108 ambulances'.Dermatologist Dr Amarkant Jha said, \"We have about 50-60 burn cases post Diwali every year.\"Deputy Superintendent of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), G P Singh, said, \"We have alerted our doctors and medical staff for Diwali and instructed them to remain available at the headquarters.\"Dos and Don'tsChildren should burst crackers under the supervision of adults and in open space. Keep distance while bursting crackers.Read instructions printed on cracker boxes, especially if the cracker is of a new type.Keep a bucket of water and first-aid kit nearby in case of emergency.In case of burns, wash the burned area immediately with cold water to hydrate the skin and apply some antiseptic cream. In case of severe burns, take the patient to a nearby hospital for proper dressing.Drink plenty of water with salt and sugar to replenish electrolytes in the system. Don't remove pieces of burned flesh or dead tissues.In case foreign particles enter into your eyes, splash water and take medical advice.Put cotton in your ears to protect them from noise pollution.People with breathing problems should stay indoors with windows and doors closed.Wear cotton clothes, put on your shoes and tie your hair while bursting crackers.Bombs and rockets should not be set on fire in hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203699", "title": "Plummeting mercury leaves state shivering", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The minimum night temperature in the city on Monday dipped to 15.7 degree Celsius, four degrees less than the normal, as most parts of Odisha continued to reel under cold weather conditions.The weatherman here said in 2011, the lowest minimum night temperature in the city for November was recorded at 16.9 degree C while city's all-time lowest temperature in November stood at 9.6 degree celcius in 1970.The Met office forecast that similar trend will continue for at least two or three days in the state and thereby Diwali, the festival of lights, will be celebrated in a chill weather. \"The minimum night temperature was below normal by two to four degree Celsius at most places in the state, and at some pockets in interior Odisha, it dropped by five to seven degree Celsius,\" said Surya Kanta Nayak, a senior officer at India Meteorological Department centre here.Nayak said mercury has mostly plummeted in interior pockets with wind blowing in north and north-westerly directions.A sudden drop in temperature has forced people to bring out woolen garments. But for the poor, it has proved harsh as many are scuttling for shelter in railway stations and bus stands. Other places which felt the chill include also witnessed a drop in night temperature whileThe lowest minimum night temperature of 8.4 degree Celsius was recorded at Phulbani.Keonjhargarh recorded minimum night temperature of 9.3 degree Celsius while Sundergarh recorded 11.9 degree Celsius. The other major places which also witnessed a dip in night temperature include Bolangir (12.0 deg C), Sambalpur (12.5 deg C), Cuttack (15.5 deg C) and Koraput (16.5 deg C).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201744", "title": "Brain linked to diabetes, hope for new treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diabetes, traditionally linked to a rise in blood sugar level due to a combination of lifestyle and hereditary risks, may also have some connection with the brain.In a mega study, a team of Indian scientists have discovered a neurological link to Type II diabetes (T2D), a finding that could open new pathways for treatment of the ailment.In doing so, 37 scientists led by Dwaipayan Bhardwaj of CSIR-Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology (IGIB) and Nikhil Tandon of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) also achieved a first of sorts when the research team studied two ethnic populations, including Indo-Europeans and Dravidians , to learn more about diabetes.\"We have identified a new locus associated with T2D. It harbours genes\u00e2\u20ac\u201dTMEM 163, RAB3GAP1 and ACMSDIwhich are involved in neurologic processes , suggesting a neurologic component in T2D,\" said the scientists reporting their findings in Diabetes journal of the American Diabetes Association. They added that studies were conducted on 12,535 individuals.1st genome study for diabetesA study has linked rise in blood sugar to a combination of lifestyle and hereditary risks. \"In the initial phase, we performed genome scan of 2,465 subjects and replicated the top signals in two ethnic groups of the country comprising 7,221 Indo-Europeans and 2,849 Dravidian subjects. These two ethnic groups are genetically diverse due to different ancestral backgrounds,\" said lead scientist Dwaipayan Bhardwaj.According to AIIMs endocrinology professor Dr Nikhil Tandon the finding could also lead to new line of targeted treatments for the disease that affects over a billion people worldwide. Samir K Brahmachari , director general of the Council of Industrial and Scientific Research, said this is also the first and the largest genome wide association study (GWAS) conducted for any complex disorder conceived and executed entirely in the developing world. \"Further work on functionally validating this genomic discovery has already been initiated,\" scientists said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201828", "title": "SNDL vendors may stop work during winter session", "text": "NAGPUR: City's power franchisee seems to be always embroiled in controversy. The grave discontent among employees and vendors can lead to a disaster for Essel Utilities, the major stakeholder in the franchisee company SNDL.Fed up with non-payment of dues by SNDL, the vendors are planning to stop work during winter session to create big trouble for the company. To add to Essel's woes, the employees are also on a warpath and had decided to go on mass leave from Saturday but the industrial court granted an interim stay. The case was again heard today and the respondents, the power unions, sought time till November 20 to file their detailed reply.Sources in Essel said the decision by the vendors to stop work would paralyse the power distribution system of the franchisee area. \"The ground-level operation and maintenance work is done by the vendors' employees. Our employees won't be able to replace them,\" said sources.A vendor on the condition of anonymity said a consensus was building among the vendors that they won't get their money until they resorted to arm-twisting. \"Essel asks us to get our money from Spanco as our bills pertain to the period when Spanco was the majority partner. Spanco officials say that they have nothing to do with the company any longer. Essel apparently reckons that the vendors can't stop work as they have to continue to work with the company for years. However, if all the vendors join hands, Essel's plans will badly rebound on it. Moreover, its employees are equally disgruntled,\" he said.Another vendor said that Essel's stand was not legally tenable. \"We had worked for SNDL and not for Spanco or Essel. It doesn't matter during whose period work was done. Now that Essel is the majority partner it has to clear the dues or force Spanco to do it. If we were to go by Essel's logic, then it should not clear MSEDCL's dues as they were incurred during Spanco's tenure,\" he pointed out.TOI contacted SNDL public relations officers Satish Chulpar and Anup Pathak but they did not respond. In fact, the company has been skirting the issue of discontent among employees and vendors ever since it took over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203224", "title": "NRI womana s bag stolen; Rs 25k gone", "text": "Two unidentified women stole a bag containing Rs 25,000, Euros 1,500 and gold jewellery belonging to an NRI woman, Sikander Kaur. The theft took place in a house in police colony, Manimajra, on Sunday night. The NRI had come from UK to attend the wedding of her brother's son. In her statement to police, Sikander said, \"Two women were sitting at the rear side of the house and my bag was in a room, situated near the boundary wall.\" The woman found her bag missing when she entered the room. Sources said that passport, visa and other documents were not in the bag. A case was registered at police station Manimajra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203291", "title": "Diwali: Temporary fire stations ready in markets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Temporary fire stations have finally come up on Monday at seven congested markets in the city to handle any fire incident, if occurs during the Diwali festival. Parking contractors and enforcement staff have been specifically asked to clear the area to provide proper passage to firefighting vehicles to initiate immediate operation, if required.Offs of around 250 employees have been withdrawn for two days and entire staff will be present on duty on Monday and Tuesday at different areas of the city. Joint municipal commissioner, who also holds the post of chief fire officer, held a meeting with the staff on Monday instructing them to take immediate action in case a fire breaks somewhere.MC fire and emergency services wing has 25 vehicles in the department, and seven will be stationed at the temporary fire stations in markets and the remaining will be available at the fire station. Joint municipal commissioner Rajiv Gupta said, \"Irregular parking in markets is a major issue and therefore, parking contractors have been specifically asked to ensure proper parking at each bay, so that firefighting vehicles do not face any hurdle in reaching the areas. Special teams have also been constituted to check violation by vendors.\"Station fire officer M L Sharma said, \"Temporary fire stations have been constructed at places that are near three-four markets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17206186", "title": "Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari to host special Diwali dinner for Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari decided to host a special Diwali dinner for Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on learning that his meeting with the visiting Indian leader coincided with the Hindu festival of lights, officials said today.Kumar and his delegation were earlier scheduled to call on Zardari at the presidency this evening and the meeting was to be followed by a formal dinner hosted by the Foreign Ministry.On finding out that he would be meeting Kumar on the occasion of Diwali, Zardari decided to host a special dinner for the Indian delegation at the presidency, officials of the Indian High Commission told PTI.The President's decision reflected the importance being attached to Kumar's visit by the Pakistan People's Party-led government at the centre.Zardari has taken a personal interest in pushing for better ties with India, especially in trade and commerce, said Fawad Chaudhry, a special assistant to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf.In a special message on the occasion of Diwali, Zardari greeted Hindus and called for strengthening interfaith harmony and protecting the rights of minorities. The festival of lights is a time for celebration and reflection, he said.\"We partake in Diwali celebrations for promoting interfaith harmony as a means to fight religious apartheid and those who seek to impose their ideological agenda on the people,\" Zardari said.Hindus and all minorities of Pakistan are \"equal citizens of the state and entitled to equal rights\", he said. \"Let it be made clear yet again today that no one will be allowed to victimise and hound members of minority communities in the name of religion and faith,\" he said.The Bihar chief minister began a week-long visit to Pakistan on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17206760", "title": "After calling Modi a tyrant, Vastanvi eyes Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslim cleric, social activist and educationist Ghulam Mohammad Vastanvi, who was unceremoniously removed from the post of vice-chancellor of Darul Uloom Deoband, is said to be planning to set up educational institutes in Uttar Pradesh (UP) for the backward classes among Muslims.According to reports, Vastanvi's next project would be in UP. He is also expected to meet and take help from UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Muslim constitute 20% of UP's 19.95 crore population. Majority of Muslims are educationally and socially backward. Sources said that Vastanvi also wants to show Muslim leaders in UP that he is working for a cause and has no desire of any post or position.A resident of Gujrat, Vastani is known as moderate Muslim cleric with progressive ideas. In 2011, he was appointed as vice-chancellor of Darul Uloom Deoband, one of the prominent and most respected Islamic seminary in India and abroad. However, within months, he was removed following alleged remarks praising Narendra Modi rule in Gujrat. Many in the country hold Modi responsible for 2002 riots. Though Vastanvi had disowned remark but he was removed. Vastnavi is known for setting several centres of modern education including engineering and medical colleges in Gujrat and Maharashtra.However, Recently, Vastanvi had called Modi a tyrant. Addressing a public rally organised by the minority cell of Congress at Tarkeshwar in Surat on October 22, Vastanvi had said it was a crime to praise a zaleem(tyrant) and that he never praised Modi. \"\"To praise a zaleem(tyrant) is a crime. I never praised Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi,\" Vastanvi said.In retaliation, the BJP had lodged a complaint with the Election Commission seeking action against Vastanvi for allegedly making personal, improper and derogatory remarks against Gujrat chief minister Narendra Modi.It was also for the first time, Vastanvi had shared a political platform with the Congress. The Election Commission, however, gave a clean chit to Vastanvi. The assembly polls in Gujarat will be held in two phases on December 13 and 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200605", "title": "Customers suffer as telcos fight legal battle", "text": "KOLKATA: Moinak Biswas, an Aircel customer, was clueless when he got a thrashing from his friend for not replying to his message a couple of days back. Moinak could not understand the reason behind it. But now he knows that they were caught in the crossfire between the two telecom service operators.Like Moinak, Saifuddin, another Aircel customer was vocal with his displeasure regarding this sudden blocking of SMS. \"I have been using Aircel mobile for the last 3-4 years. I never faced any such problems. But this particular problem has been bugging me for last few weeks now. I could manage as I have a second mobile with another service provider's connection,\" he said.Several customers made a beeline to an Aircel store in South Kolkata on Monday trying to figure out what went wrong with their service. Roshni Khatoon was also fuming. \"I have been facing this problem for quite some time now. It is really disturbing,\" Roshni said.The person at the store was busy showing them reports that service provider Bharti Airtel has blocked incoming messages to Airtel phones from Aircel.An Airtel spokesperson, however, said: \"We follow a completely non discriminatory policy with all operators on the matter of interconnection for SMS services. However, two operators have chosen to adopt a discriminatory practice. They are sending free SMS to our network which in turn is impacting the quality of service on our network and therefore quality of service to our customers.\"\"We are fully compliant with the court orders and/or the agreements on SMS termination. We advise these operators to follow non discriminatory SMS interconnection practices to ensure uninterrupted and high quality service to their customers,\" he added.The dispute dates back to November 2011, when Airtel demanded that Aircel, majority-owned by Malaysia's Maxis , pay 10 paise for every SMS terminating on its network and raised a bill of about Rs 25 crore for April-October 2011. In January, Airtel sent a notice asking Aircel to pay the amount by the month end. Aircel approached the telecom tribunal, TDSAT, claiming that the dues claimed by Airtel were \"arbitrary, illegal, wrong, unilateral and without any basis\". But, in September, 2012, the telecom tribunal ruled in favour of Airtel. Aircel has challenged the verdict in the Supreme Court.The legal wrangle has hit Aircel customers in Bengal as the state comprises 5% of its business in India. An Aircel release said: \"Airtel has asked us to sign a bilateral interconnect agreement with them where 10 paisa per SMS will be charged to a non-Airtel customer. We are resisting this as the cost to our customers would go up significantly. We have filed an appeal against the TDSAT order which is pending for interim relief before the Supreme Court.\"In its last report, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) said Airtel has 27.68% market share in India and Aircel has 9.92%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200265", "title": "Here to watch Indian movies: Polish filmmaker", "text": "KOLKATA: For Polish filmmaker Dorota Kedzierzawska, the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) is an opportunity to explore Indian cinema. Even though seven of her films are being screened at the festival, she is yet to watch an Indian film.\"I have heard a lot about the masters like Ray and Ghatak, but unfortunately I have not had the chance to see any of their films. In Poland, it is difficult to catch anything other than Hollywood, leave alone Indian films. It's even difficult to watch Polish films, for they are hardly given a long enough run in the theatres. So I am eagerly looking forward to watching some good Indian films, especially Bengali cinema which is so highly rated around the world,\" said the celebrated filmmaker.At least two of Kedzierzawska's films - 'Tomorrow Will Be Better' and 'Crows' - are already being talked about at the festival. \"I was very nervous about the reception here, for my films are different. Kolkata, I am told, is the Mecca of movies. My films are about real-life situations and issues with which people from this part of the world may not readily identify with. But they indeed have a universal appeal, for the audience here has liked it and I am so relieved,\" said Dorota, whose films revolve around children.In 'Crows', a little girl kidnaps another girl for love and company. Set in a provincial Polish town, it captures the emotions and the loneliness of two youngsters. It's difficult to work with children, said Dorota who often advertises on radio and in newspapers looking for child artists. \"I had a huge problem while shooting 'Crows'. The mother of one of the girls refused to let her daughter shoot wearing the same clothes after it turned cold. We had to counsel her. Then, the other girl lost interest and wanted to quit. We failed to persuade her to continue and she had to be replaced,\" said Dorota. She uses children to tell stories about grown-ups, she says. \"I also love to be precise about frames and details. I watch the children closely before shooting and then improvise,\" added the 55-year-old film-maker.'Tomorrow Will Be Better' is about three homeless Russian boys who sneak into Poland for shelter and a better life. Like most of her films, it is based on a true story. 'Crows', says Dorota, is her only film which is not taken from a real-life incident. \"I wanted my daughter to play one of the parts. I planned to start shooting when she was three but couldn't arrange for funds. When I did, she had grown up and refused to act in my film,\" she said. The trick of shooting with children was to communicate with them. \"While shooting, I am never on the monitor but always on the camera. It lets me observe them closely and communicate better,\" she explained.It helped her handle the two girls who played the lead characters in 'Crows'. \"The older one, who came from a poor, broken family couldn't stand the younger girl who was well-off. We had to be on our toes all the time, making sure that they got along till the shoot ended,\" she added.'End of the World' and 'Devils, Devils' are two of her other films being shown at the festival.Dorota rued that the Polish people were \"forgetting the most important things in life\". \"They are migrating to England and Ireland for money, often leaving behind their families. It's not making them happy,\" said Dorota who could soon embark on a co-production with an Indian producer. \"I am looking forward to it,\" she signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17201734", "title": "Town set to see massive traffic jams in days ahead", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Once the Sabarimala season starts, the town will witness massive traffic jams as the construction of the drains here is not yet over and the road towards Karappuzha side from Pulimood Junction remains closed.The Pulimood Junction--Karapuzha road has been closed to traffic for over a month now in connection with the work of a culvert to facilitate laying of huge pipes. That work, however, is over.\"But now we have to connect this passage to the drains. However, there are no proper drainage systems here,\" said a PWD official, indicating that it would take some more time for the work to be completed.This road was a shortcut to the KSRTC bus station from the Thirunakkara Temple, which a large number of Sabarimala pilgrims visit. Most of the pilgrims alight at the railway station here, visit the temple and then head to the KSRTC stand to catch the bus to Pamba.Now, with this road blocked, the Seematty Road and the TB Road are likely to become more congested.Apart from this, vehicles coming from TB Junction to Thiruvathukkal, Kumarakom, Karappuzha and Thazhathangady will have to pass through the town as this road is blocked.\"This has been a very complicated work. Labourers have had to deal with underground water pipes, cables, etc during the construction work,\" said the PWD official. \"The drainage system at Pulimood Junction has to be overhauled. It was built several years ago,\" he added.The work of the culvert and drains are part of the Pulimood Junction-Karappuzha-Thiruvathukkal, Kurisu Pally-Thirunakkara Temple Ring Road project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202346", "title": "Diwali, expression of India's multicultural identity", "text": "PATNA: Diwali is one of the occasions when the multicultural identity of India finds its expressions. While Hindus celebrate it to mark the return of Lord Ram to Ayodhya, Sikhs celebrate it as 'Bandi Chhor Diwas' or the celebration of freedom and the Bengalis perform puja for 'Shakti'- Kali Puja.Legend has it that Sikhs celebrate the event to mark the release of their sixth guru, Guru Hargobind Singh, from the fort of Gwalior in October 1619, who was imprisoned by the then Mughal emperor, Jehangir. He had taken Guruji captive as he was afraid of the growing clout of the Sikh movement and, for the same reason, martyred the fifth guru of Sikhs, Guru Arjan Dev.However, Jehangir paid heed to the good counsel of Saint Sai Mia Mir (who was a friend of guruji) and decided to release the guru. Some scholars, however, believe that Jehangir realized that guruji was going to do no harm to his empire, and so decided to release him.However, imprisoned in the same fort were 52 Hindu rajas of different kingdoms. So guruji said, he would either walk free with all of them or not at all. On this, Jehangir put the condition that as many rajas would be released who could hold the cloak of guruji. However, Guru Hargobind Sahib refused to relent. Instead, he ordered for a cloak that had 52 coat tails. And so, all the rajas held the coat tails and walked out of prison with guruji. Hence, the day came to be known as 'Bandi Chhor Diwas'. After the release, guruji went to Harmandir Sahib in Amritsar where he was welcomed by lighting 'diwe' (earthen pots), in a fashion similar to that in which Lord Ram was welcomed in Ayodhya.The 'Bandi Chhor Diwas' is celebrated in gurdwaras across the world. The occasion is celebrated with gusto in Patna Sahib as well, the birthplace of Guru Hargobind Sahib's grandson, Guru Gobind Singh . Secretary of the Prabandhak Commitee of Harmandirji, Patna Sahib, Raja Singh said special prayers are held on Diwali evening. \"Devotees in large numbers attend the gurubani kirtan and special path. They offer bhog which is later taken back home as prasad. The whole premises of the gurdwara is lighted by 'diyas' and the grand aatishbaji (illuminations) is followed by kirtan.\"Bengalis in the city are not lacking in the celebration of Kali Puja. \"It is a puja performed for Shakti and devotion. People who perform Kali Puja are called 'shakt'. This puja is tough in nature as the devotee has to keep fasting without water till the puja is over,\" said Pramod Kundu, a resident of Boring road.It is worth mentioning here that Kali Puja coincides with Diwali celebrations every year and hence it is also known as Diwali Kali Puja. Diwali Kali Puja is celebrated with utmost devotion in West Bengal. The major distinction being that when the rest of India worships Goddess Laxmi on the auspicious day of Diwali, the Kali avatar of Goddess Durga is worshipped in West Bengal and by those who have faith in Maa Kali.The Kali Puja was also performed with great devotion by the members of Bengali community at Kali Mandir at Gardanibagh. Ashutosh Das, a member of Patna Bengali community said, \"We eat 14 types of leafy vegetables (saag) before the day of Kali Puja and lit up 14 diyas on the eve of Kali puja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17207217", "title": "'Childline se dosti' campaign in Mysore from tomorrow", "text": "MYSORE: It's a campaign to make ambassadors/friends for Childline-1098, a children helpline, and tell people about the importance of children rights and protection.To create awareness on childline, Rural literary and health programme (RLHP), an NGO, which is handling Childline-1098 round the clock, has lined up various events for a week starting from November 14.RLHP, which is supportive organization to children protection and rights in Mysore, along with ODP, a nodal organization, Nisarga foundation, a supportive organization and government agencies, is supporting for the cause - 'Childline Se dosti' (friendship with childline) by organizing awareness campaign like street plays, visiting government offices including police department, debates, stage plays and kite flying competitions.CSD is a weeklong national campaign aiming to make citizens stakeholders in childline-1098 and to create awareness among housewives, professionals, officials and auto drivers. CSD is a campaign to educate people about Helpline, says RLHP director Saraswathi.We want to highlight some of the issue concerning children protection like child labour, sexual harassment, child marriage, child trafficking, deprived of education and children health through our programmes. Therefore, with a view to help children in distress we are creating awareness to public so that if they come across any children in trouble, they can inform us on 1098. We are requesting public to join hands with us to fight for children rights and protection, explains the director adding that a group of children will be visiting police stations and government offices seeking their support on this score.According to RLHP, the helpline was started in Mysore two years ago and since then childline staff has responded to 1273 helpline calls. Childline staff has stopped about 15 child marriages and have facilitated medical and educational help to the children in need during the period. Besides, they have provided information to nearly 2000 callers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17201561", "title": "Ragasthan festival to begin on Nov 16", "text": "JAISALMER: For the first time in India, music, movies and literature will coalesce at the Ragasthan festival, which will be organised at Kanoi Dunes of the Thar Desert from November 16 to 18. All programmes will happen under the open sky. Around 200 global artists will be descending on Jaisalmer.The event is an effort to discover, support and showcase sustainable collaboration initiatives between musicians, literary figures as well as nature conservationists and heritage experts in India and across the globe. Not just a festival, Ragasthan is the beginning of an era, a coming together of nomads on the desert trails of Rajasthan.This event is endorsed and supported by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR), the Ministry of Culture, Incredible India and the Narcotics Control Bureau.The performers include rock band Parikrama and Advaita, metal band Brahma and Berlin's bass-heavy electronica queen Mother Perera (Jahcoozi, Bpitch Control) and Chalo Africa (Democratic Republic of Congo), Negra Pradera (Latin Salsa Flamenco) along with Rajasthani acts such as Kalbeliya GhoomarParikrama, Advaita, Brahma, Menwhopause, Them Clones, Sky Rabbit, Peter Cat Recording Company will be performing rock, pop and alternative music. Similarly, Shiva Sound System, Dualist Inquiry, Bay Beat Collective, NUcleya, Kohra, and Uri will perform electronic, experimental, progressive, trance, DNB and psychedelic; Swarathma, Rajasthan Roots, Chalo Africa, Negra Pradera, Reggae Rajahs and Mame Khan will perform folk and world music.Shantanu Pandit (composer of the title track Get Up &amp; Go used in the Ragasthan promo), OneLight (Canada), Harbour Light, Alisha Pais, Gaurav Jagwani and Winit Tikkoo Band will be there too.The movies to be screened include Ghosts with Shit Jobs, a 95 minutes long film from Canada , Pig (90 minutes/USA), Stingray Sam (61 minutes/ USA). Special guest Louis Savy, director of Sci-Fi London Film Festival , will deliver a talk on low/no budget sci-fi filmmaking. A chat with Dev Benegal and screening of his Road, Movie, that showcases desert life, will also take place.\"I am so excited to be part of Ragasthan. Apart from a stellar line-up of world music, art and the other activities, I also have the chance to show some cool movies in the sand dunes at midnight, which is simply awesome,\" gushed Louis.The festival will also highlight graphic novels and novelists through workshops and book readings.Camel safari, workshops and shopping at the nomad market promise to keep the festival goers busy in the free time. The event will also have a kite festival, hot air balloon, and other adventure sports. Around 21 stalls will serve Indian, Chinese and continental cuisines coupled with endless rounds of tea all day long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17201378", "title": "Navelim locals oppose bridge", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to contradict statements made by former Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao that the people of Benaulim wanted work on the Benaulim-Sinquetim bridge to continue, a group of Benaulim residents voiced their opposition to the bridge on Monday.Bairon Rodrigues, while addressing mediapersons on Monday, said that the government should scrap the project and demanded a probe by the government to find out if there was a scam given the high cost.The locals also further expressed their confidence that the Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado, Benaulim MLA Caitu D'Silva and chief minister Manohar Parrikar would agree to their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17205096", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav government to withdraw criminal cases against Azam Khan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP) government in Uttar Pradesh (UP) is all set to withdraw criminal cases lodged against urban development minister and Muslim face of the party Azam Khan .On the directions of the state government, the Rampur district administration has moved applications to withdraw cases against Khan in various local courts. There are four cases against Khan in Rampur filed in different police stations. Khan is a resident of Rampur district and the cases were filed against him in 2007 after Mayawati government was in power. The police has filed chargesheet in all the cases.While a case against Khan was lodged in August 7, 2007 for alleged objectionable remarks against a caste at a public meeting on August 7, 2007, in another case, lodged at Kotwali police station on June 14, 2007, he has been accused of criminal breach of trust, and use of assault or criminal force.Two other cases against Khan were lodged in June accusing him of blocking public the movement in Aliaganj locality and assaulting a local leader. SP leaders, when contacted, said that all the cases lodged against Khan during Mayawati rule were politically motivated.An old Mulauam loyalist, Khan is not only the tallest Muslim leader in the state but also one of the most influential minister in the Akhilesh government.Khan had left party when Mulayam shook hands with former chief minister Kalyan Singh , accused in Babri mosque demolition case, before 2009 Lok Sabh elections to consolidate backward classes votes.However, the move left Mulsims angry. It also did not bring desired result.Later, Mulayam snapped ties with Kalyan and apologised to Muslims, paving way for Khan's return to SP before 2012 assembly elections.The polls saw Muslims voting overwhelmingly for the SP, helping it come to power with absolute majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17201101", "title": "Special schools\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 commission sitting held", "text": "KANNUR: The one-member commission appointed by the state government to study the challenges faced by children with disabilities held its first hearing here on Monday for Kannur and Kasaragod districts.\"We got 124 complaints in the sitting here and those who could not directly come over here would send it directly to the commission,\" said M K Jayaraj, the one-member commission, after the sitting.He said most of the complaints were pertaining to the demand to get more government aid for the special schools, and also aided status to more schools for the benefit of the schools and the students.\"There were many parents who demanded that the government should take steps to ensure a better future for the special children even after their parents are no more,\" said the Commission.Though there are around 272 special schools in the state for the mentally challenged children, registered under Persons with Disability Act 1995, there is only one school in the government sector while all other schools are run by private management.The commission would hold its next sitting in Thrissur on November 15, for Thrissur and Palakkad districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200844", "title": "CM hikes input subsidy to Rs 6,000", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government in principle has decided to enhance the input subsidy limit from the present Rs.6,000 per hectare. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy decided to increase the input subsidy after deliberating the issue with his cabinet colleagues on Monday.As per the guidelines, input subsidy will be given if the crop damage is more than 50%. However, as the crop loss due to the Nilam cyclone has been very severe, the government has decided to enhance the input subsidy and to relax the guidelines, if required. The government has also decided to get the estimates of damage prepared as early as possible. This will enable the state to request for central aid. It may be recalled that the Centre has given Rs.4,500 per hectare and the state government has hiked it to Rs.6,000.The government has also decided to provide seeds and fertilizers to the cyclone affected farmers for the ensuing rabi season. The officials have been given orders to this effect. For the first time in the history of the state, Rs1,800 crores have been released as input subsidy directly to the savings accounts of the farmers through online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17206870", "title": "Kadaba in dakshina kannada district records maximum rainfall", "text": "MANGALORE: Kadaba in Puttur taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 74 mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Tuesday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these last 24-hours is considered as isolated since 2% of the hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was scattered in one district; isolated in four. Monsoon was normal in two districts and weak in remaining 28 districts.Scattered, heavy rain was received in Dakshina Kannada; isolated, light to rather heavy rain was received in Kodagu, and Udupi districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state. Heavy rain was reported in one district; rather heavy rain and light rain each in one district respectively; moderate rain in two districts; very light rain in 15 districts; and no rain in 10 districtsm VS Prakash, director, KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Bangalore division received isolated rainfall with Jangamakotte in Chikkaballapur receiving maximum rainfall of 21mm. Mysore and Belgaum division recorded isolated rainfall with Kadaba in Dakshina Kannada and Kumabarawada in Uttara Kannada recording maximum rainfall of 74mm and 13.5mm respectively. Gulbarga division recorded negligible rainfall with Adki in Sedam taluk of Gulbarga recording maximum rainfall of 0.5mm.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 13 recorded deficit rainfall of 24%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 996mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 757mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 13, four geographical regions received 0.4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 1.7mm, a deficit of 76%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17202037", "title": "Rs 5 lakh for anyone who spits on Jethmalani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s face: MP seer", "text": "JABALPUR: A local religious leader has announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for anyone, who spits on lawyer and BJP MP Ram Jethmalani face for describing Lord Ram as a bad husband. Mahamandleshwar Swami Shyamdas Maharaj made the offer, particularly for the youth, at a well-attended prayer meeting at Jabalpur's Geetadham Ashram on Sunday.The announcement is said to have created a buzz as Maharaj's devotees made discreet inquiries about Jethmalani's identity and address. \"My phone has not stopped ringing since last night,'' he told TOI. \"There have been calls from volunteers as well.''The seer argued that technically the promised reward was not a threat. \"A threat presupposes violence and spitting is a harmless non-violent act,'' he said. \"This, at best, could be described as an expression of anguish by a devout...Jethmalani is a lucky man that he could get away with such a lenient punishment for such an unpardonable act.''Maharaj said Jethmalani is not the only one and that Lord Ram had many critics. \"Ravan too had the temerity to describe Ram as a weakling and good for nothing son, deservedly abandoned by his father king Dashrath.\" He said the lawyer seemed to have been possessed by the demon king's spirit when he made the blasphemous remarks. \"But the trend needed to be nipped in the bud. Jethmalani would not be allowed to sully his name.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200560", "title": "Special trains spark delay woes", "text": "KOLKATA: The railways seems to be caught in a catch-22 situation. While demand for additional trains has shot up during the festive season, congestion and delay along important routes has attracted severe criticism. The Railway Board has therefore instructed all zones to carefully monitor the movement of trains to ensure punctuality.Earlier, the Board had issued directives to run as many special trains as possible to clear the rush of passengers. In October, Eastern Railway ran 119 trips of special trains, while South Eastern Railway ran 108 trips. Additional coaches were also attached to regular trains.According to an official, these measures led to an additional earning of Rs 2.66 crore for SER in October alone. However, there was criticism after special trains led to congestion and delays.\"Some delay may have taken place due to lack of proper monitoring. In November, we plan to carry out special monitoring to ensure that trains are not delayed,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205910", "title": "Mohiniyattam fest to kick off in Chennai", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy will be organizing a 30-day long Mohiniyattam Mahotsavam outside Kerala to promote the traditional dance form of the state. The event will be inaugurated in Chennai on November 15.Titled Mohini Nrithyathi, the event will be held in different venues in Singapore, Malaysia, Bhuvaneswar, Chennai and Bangalore. In the coming years similar programmes will be conducted in different states, said academy chairman Soorya Krishnamoorthy.Neena Prasad, Gopika varam, Methil Devika, Vineetha Nedungadi, Pallavi Krishna, Aiswarya Warrier, Sandra Pisharadi, Sangeetha Iyer, among others will be performing in Chennai. Apart from the dance performances, a workshop led by dance experts will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17204891", "title": "Lakshmi Bai birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "VARANASI: The 177th birth anniversary (according to Hindu calendar) of Maharani Lakshmi Bai was celebrated with zeal and enthusiasm at Asi area on Monday. The programmes were held under the banner of Maharani Lakshmi Bai Nyas in association with Rashtra Sevika Samiti.Bharat Vikash Parishad highlighted the history of freedom struggle, women empowerment, warfare and other cultural events at Goenka Sanskrit Mahavidyalaya, Asi ghat on Monday.A number of poems, patriotic songs marked the beginning of the programmes in school premises. Girls from various schools presented surya namaskar, dumble yoga, yoga chap, warfare modern techniques of self defence and martial art on the occasion. Besides, students of Panini Kanya Mahavidyalaya presented Mangla Charan and a mesmerising dance drama on the queen.Later an all women band procession was also carried out in the area. People also visited the memorial at the birth place of Lakshmi Bai. Around 700 people including local residents of Asi area were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201350", "title": "Be careful when buying Diwali sweets: Food and Drug Administration", "text": "PANAJI: Sample tests on Diwali sweets conducted by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) did not throw up any adverse findings but the FDA has still warned the public to be cautious about the Diwali sweets they buy.An official press release by FDA director Salim Veljee said that the FDA had conducted a special drive on the availability of various kinds of sweets on sale during the Diwali season. The food safety officers of the FDA, in a special drive, collected 28 samples of various sweets from vendors in Panaji, Margao, Mapusa, Bicholim, Ponda, Vasco, Calangute, etc. and sent the sweets for analysis to the FDA laboratory at Bambolim. All of the 25 samples tested so far were found okay.The FDA still warned the public to be cautious while buying sweets. It advised the public to not purchase sweets which appear to have excessive colouring. The body also stressed on the importance of insisting on cash memos so that if they there is a problem with the sweets, the vendor of the bad sweets can be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11132129", "title": "Avoid driving after a heavy lunch", "text": "A study has claimed that drivers who eat a big meal risk falling asleep while they are driving.The study suggests that a big lunch, even without the effect of alcohol, can make it harder to concentrate on the road, leading to potentially dangerous mistakes.Young men who did a test drive in a simulator after a fatty and sugary meal were more likely to drift into another lane than those who had a lighter lunch.While the effect of alcohol on motoring skills has been much researched, this study is one of the first to look at the impact of a full stomach.Twelve healthy young men attended Loughborough University's sleep research centre for a lunch of beef lasagne and a toffee yoghurt.Half were given diet versions, totalling 305 calories, while the others ate the normal versions, which were much fattier and full of carbs, and had a calorie count of 922.All normally slept well but had only slept for five hours the previous night, something the researchers say would not be unusual.After lunch, they were put in a driving simulator and tasked with a two-hour-long, dull, monotonous \"drive\" along a dual carriageway with long straight sections and gradual bends.Young men were chosen because males under 30 are particularly likely to fall asleep at the wheel.Those who had the heavy lunch were more likely to drift into the other lane.They started off not too badly, making just as many mistakes as the light lunchers for the first half hour but after that there was no doubt that they were sleepier.Worryingly, the men did not seem to realise that they were becoming weary.\"Our study utilised palatable ready meals of the type that people might realistically have for lunch,\" the Daily Mail quoted Researcher Louise Reyner (CORR) as saying.\"The mechanisms underlying why a heavy lunch enhanced aspects of sleepiness must remain a matter for speculation.\"However, high fat intake does elevate blood levels of the hormone cholecystokinin, which does increase lassitude,\" she said.She added that big lunch appears to exacerbate the effects of a poor night's sleep, and having even just one glass of wine or beer with the meal could make things much worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203001", "title": "3 more parking spaces for Sector 17 shoppers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parking your vehicle at Sector 17 will not drive you crazy for another few days. The traffic police have allowed stationing of vehicles at three open areas of Sector 17 'Circus Ground, land adjoining RBI and the one adjacent to sectors 16, 17 dividing road' till Diwali. The decision has been taken in the wake of festive rush to the commercial hub of the city.These spaces can accommodate 1,500 to 2,000 vehicles at a time. As the capacity of Sector 17's two parking lots, Sahib Singh and Empire Store, is around 1,000 cars, these remain jam-packed most of the times, leaving others high and dry. SP (traffic and security) Manish Chaudhary said, \"We have deployed the maximum number of cops at the commercial hub to regulate traffic. The extra space will help solve inadequate parking problem. I urge people to take one car for shopping instead of every member using his own vehicle.\"Inspector Sucha Singh, traffic in-charge of Sector 17, said, \"Traffic cops as well as security guards of the market association will man the temporary parking spaces. Parking has been allowed even along sectors 16, 17 roadside to accommodate the swelling number of vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17201732", "title": "V S Achuthanandan jibe on NSS, SNDP slammed", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Decrying opposition leader V S Achuthanandan's statement that the NSS and the SNDP were communal organizations, NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair, on Monday, lambasted the veteran CPM leader saying he had no business to make such observations. Sukumaran Nair also told reporters at the NSS headquarters in Perunna that VS had requested the organization's help whenever he contested elections.VS had sent two envoys shortly before the last assembly elections requesting NSS support, he said. \"VS also called the NSS headquarters directly seeking our support. So, Achuthanandan making such a statement is really a joke,\" he said.Sukumaran Nair, who also criticized the CPM, said that party feared an inner party polarization of its activists if the alliance between the NSS and the SNDP became effective.He, however, hesitated to comment on SNDP Yogam general secretary Vellappally Natesan's statement that Ramesh Chennithala should be given a cabinet berth. \"It will be good if Chennithala is given a cabinet berth as his leadership quality and experience will serve the government well. But NSS will not endorse such statements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199973", "title": "Rape examination: Cops prefer Nagpada hospital, activists slam it", "text": "MUMBAI: When a 27-year-old Spanish musician was raped in Bandra's Perry Cross Road area last week, she was taken several kilometres away to the Nagpada Police Hospital for a medical examination. This, even though her residence was barely a few minutes' drive from Bhabha Hospital, the civic-run public hub that has a rape crisis centre operating along guidelines laid down by the World Health Organisation.Rape victims are almost as a rule taken to the Nagpada hospital for examination, whether the crime was committed at Mankhurd, Malad or Mulund. However, the city has three rape crisis centres \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at Bhabha, Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar and Oshiwara Nursing Home, all overseen by Dr Seema Mallik. The three are BMC-run centres that have together intervened and helped almost 100 victims so far.Activists claim that at the Nagpada hospital, victims are not given adequate medical attention, treatment or counselling. International guidelines demand that rape survivors be handled according to carefully laid-down protocols that involve seeking their informed consent for examination, offering medication to avoid pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases, such as HIV, and giving counselling for psychological trauma.\"As per Indian law, rape victims can go to any hospital or police station to report the crime. There is no need to take them to a particular hospital,\" said Padma Deosthali, coordinator of NGO Cehat (Centre for Enquiry for Health and Allied Themes).Cehat, which helped set up the rape crisis centres, has written to police higher-ups to highlight problems faced by rape survivors during medical examinations. And the activists are not just talking about the geographical distances when it comes to problems with the Nagpada Police Hospital.\"We consider it a matter of gross medical negligence that survivors are passing through the police hospital and not receiving any form of medical or psychological care,\" said a study the NGO conducted in 2008 after its members spent days observing the proceedings at the police hospital.Another case in point is the plight of an unnamed adolescent who was brought to Rajawadi Hospital in June 2011. \"The 16-year-old was sexually assaulted five months earlier and sent to the Nagpada hospital for an examination. She received no treatment at the hospital. She later went to Rajawadi hospital with a pregnancy in the second trimester. The girl wasn't even given any medical papers or sheets that could allow other doctors to follow her case,\" said advocate Ujwala Kadrekar of Cehat. However, Nagpada Police Hospital's civil surgeon Dr S M Patil denied the charges. \"The girl was sent to the nearby state government-run JJ Hospital for treatment,\" he said.There are also issues with the police attitude vis-a-vis rape victims. Kadrekar offered the example of a victim from Mankhurd who had complained of being raped by her nephew. \"The woman was kept at Mankhurd police station for 24 hours before being sent to the Nagpada Police Hospital for an examination. Incidentally, she had been examined at a civic hospital before that,\" she said.Cehat's letter to the police commissioner spells out the problems - \"ill-treatment\" of the survivor of the sexual assault, a delay in referring her for medical examination, interrogation by police in an \"extremely humiliating manner\", delay in registering an FIR and \"inferences\" during medical examination.\"We have met joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy, who has promised some action,\" she said.Regarding the police hospital, Roy told TOI that the only reason that rape victims are sent to the Nagpada hospital for examination is that it's the best place to collect forensic evidence in a scientific manner. \"Treatment and counselling are no doubt an important part, but when a victim comes to us the first and foremost concern for us is to ensure scientific collection of data. The police hospital is the best in collecting forensic data in such a manner, so much so that we are prepared even for a DNA test much later,\" said Roy.Patil said the Nagpada hospital provides treatment and counselling as and when needed. \"If a patient needs medical treatment, we definitely give it to them. Medical papers are given to her as well,\" he said. In the case of the Spanish musician, who identified her assaulter a couple of days back, the police not only provided her with treatment but even wrote down the generic names of medicines she had been prescribed.Rape intervention is among the most sensitive public health issues. In fact, a PIL was filed before the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court two years back seeking formation of uniform guidelines to examine victims of sexual assault. A committee was set up for the purpose and a final judgment is awaited. Patil told TOI that the police hospital already follows most of the guidelines because he himself is a member of the high court-appointed committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199504", "title": "Now, England-Sri Lanka tie under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The startling suggestion that a bookie correctly predicted the way the Pakistan innings would unfold in the crucial 2011 World Cup semifinal against India in Mohali isn't the only explosive revelation in sports journalist Ed Hawkins' new book 'Bookie Gambler Fixer Spy'. Hawkins also quotes another bookie as saying that a Test played between England and Sri Lanka at Cardiff in May 2011 - which was sensationally won by England - was fixed.In the book, Hawkins claims that a bookie, 'Vinay', told him that the match between England and Sri Lanka at Cardiff in May 2011 was fixed. Then-England captain Andrew Strauss had described the match as \"one of the most extraordinary matches I played in\".At the end of the fourth day, England, replying to Lanka's 400 all out, were at 491-5. With rain wiping out the morning session of the fifth day, a draw seemed the only possible result. But England declared at 496/5 and then stunningly bowled out Lanka for 82 in just 24.4 overs to pull off a nearmiraculous victory by an innings and 14 runs.Hawkins points out that by the time the Lankan players took the field at Cardiff, they had not been paid for over eight weeks as the Sri Lanka board was in dire straits financially, following huge expenditure on preparations for the World Cup.He writes, \"It does not take a particularly cynical mind to come to the conclusion that a cricketer who has been treated with such little regard for his welfare... might - just might - be tempted by the offer of payment to throw a Test.\"Hawkins concedes that Vinay's claims can be easily dismissed. \"A judge, administrator, player or perhaps an ACSU (Anti-corruption and Security Unit of the ICC) officer can wave them away with contempt.\"But Hawkins poses a thought-provoking question. \"The conundrum for cricket is obvious. Does it start listening to folks who are at the black heart of the matter when no one else appears willing to talk?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201447", "title": "Temporary fire stations ready in markets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Temporary fire stations have finally come up on Monday at seven congested markets in the city to handle any fire incident, if occurs during the Diwali festival. Parking contractors and enforcement staff have been specifically asked to clear the area to provide proper passage to firefighting vehicles to initiate immediate operation, if required.Offs of around 250 employees have been withdrawn for two days and entire staff will be present on duty on Monday and Tuesday at different areas of the city. Joint municipal commissioner, who also holds the post of chief fire officer, held a meeting with the staff on Monday instructing them to take immediate action in case a fire breaks somewhere.MC fire and emergency services wing has 25 vehicles in the department, and seven will be stationed at the temporary fire stations in markets and the remaining will be available at the fire station. Joint municipal commissioner Rajiv Gupta said, \"Irregular parking in markets is a major issue and therefore, parking contractors have been specifically asked to ensure proper parking at each bay, so that firefighting vehicles do not face any hurdle in reaching the areas. Special teams have also been constituted to check violation by vendors.\" Station fire officer M L Sharma said, \"Temporary fire stations have been constructed at places that are near three-four markets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200541", "title": "Govt wakes up to Annamalai varsity mess, orders probe", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as the Annamalai University remained shut following protests over its proposal to slash jobs and salaries, the state government on Monday directed the higher education department to probe into the crisis in the prestigious institution. After meeting representatives of the Chidambaram-based university's staff, higher education minister S Palaniappan said igher education secretary T S Sridhar has been directed to probe the issue.The members of a joint action council (JAC) formed by the teaching and non-teaching staff of the state university met Palaniappan at the state secretariat here and apprised him of the developments. \"The university has called the members for a meeting on Wednesday, so I told them to get back to us (government) after that,\" he said. The JAC, Palaniappan said, hr had received oral information from the university on the austerity measures. \"The members themselves agreed that the university was not for retrenchment of staff but had plans to cut salaries by as much as 50%. They have informed us of these developments only now,\" the minister said. He said he would take up the issue with chief minister J Jayalalithaa.The cash-strapped varsity had announced that it was forced to prune staff strength and cut salaries by half. The staff have threatened to go on a strike, prompting the administration to close the campus indefinitely. Vice-chancellor M Ramanathan announced that the examinations scheduled this week has been put off and would be held later and students staying in hostels were told to vacate immediately. JAC members alleged that the mismanagement of the administration has led to the financial crisis, which has deepened in the last decade. The university has 13,324 teaching and non-teaching staff to cater to the needs of 35,000 students on its rolls.JAC joint coordinator S Mathialagan demanded that the government set up an inquiry commission. \"The management has received huge amounts of money from individuals for recruitment,\" he alleged. The staff members first raised concerns in 199 when they learnt about the poor fiscal situation, but the management continued to recruit more staff. \"About 6,000 staff members were recruited in the last one decade alone,\" he said. The JAC wanted the government to take over the management, by removing industrialist M A M Ramasamy as pro-chancellor. The university was established in 1929 by Ramasamy's grandfather Rajah Sir Annamalai Chettiar of Chettinad .Mathialagan said the general council meeting of the JAC will take place on Wednesday to discuss further course of action. The JAC also has plans to hold agitations near the university's distance education study centre at Egmore on November 16 where the varsity has planned to hold its syndicate meeting. All political parties have decided to hold a fast on November 15 at Chidambaram to protest against the university over the ongoing crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201297", "title": "Shooting movies gets steep at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shooting movies on Panjab University campus will now be more costly.The frequent buzz on PU campus due to increasing number of Punjabi movies being shot on campus will now also be limited to Saturdays and Sundays. To keep the academic environment intact on campus, a nod has been given by the PU syndicate to a demand raised by the teachers union last year, which was to make stricter rules for shooting of movies on campus.From Rs 15,000 per day, the charges for shooting on campus will now be Rs 25,000 and only select locations will be permitted for use. Additionally, movies will be permitted to be shot only on weekends when the classes are not in progress.\"Syndicate has unanimously has taken cognizance of a demand to make shooting of movies slightly restricted,\" says Dinesh Talwar, PU syndicate and senate member. While several noted movies have been shot inside PU campus in 1970s and 1980s, more recently a number of Punjabi movies have been shot here.Panjab University Teachers Association (PUTA) had raised its concern last year on the issue, and wrote a letter to the then vice chancellor and also the syndicate. \"Students used to get distracted when Punjabi movies were being shot every day on campus. If PU is primarily an academic institution, the sanctity must be kept intact,\" says Mohammed Khalid, president PUTA.He added that if need be there will be a demand to further revise the norms. \"It was realized because of these movies, PU was also being promoted as an educational institution hence a total ban was not required. Shootings on weekends will ensure that the teaching atmosphere is maintained,\" Khalid added.Teachers added that the campus was already baffling with menace like traffic chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201020", "title": "EU freezes carbon tax on aviation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The European Union (EU) announced on Monday deferring plans to charge a carbon tax on passengers flying to and from its 27 member countries.European Commissioner for EU, Connie Hedegaard , said, \"In order to create a positive atmosphere around these very important negotiations, I have just recommended in a telephone conference with the 27 member states that the European Union stops the clock when it comes to enforcement of the inclusion of aviation in the EU ETS to and from non-European countries, until after the ICAO general assembly next Autumn.\"India, China and several other countries had strongly opposed the carbon tax, sparking a heated trade war that was hurtling towards a diplomatic crisis.TOI had earlier reported on International Civil Aviation Organization's (ICAO) proposal to create an international market-based mechanism for taxing international flights which would apply to flights between developing countries at a later date, and initially covering only the developed countries. Revenues from developing countries' airlines would be reverted back to the respective nations to deploy in reducing greenhouse gas emissions from the aviation sector. And, the tax collected from rich country carriers would be shared with developing countries.While agreeing with the idea in principle, India had made it clear that it would not negotiate till the EU withdrew its unilateral measure of imposing a carbon tax starting January 1. India had banned its airlines from providing data to the EU for carbon tax assessment. China, too, had taken a similar step.India and other developing countries had strongly opposed the EU's attempt to break the principles of the UN climate convention in attempting to unilaterally tax other countries' fliers in disregard for ongoing negotiations.The EU earlier had said that it would withdraw the idea of carbon tax if the countries can reach an international agreement.But, with the upcoming Doha round of climate negotiations and a host of countries still opposed to the move, the EU has stepped back with only a new proposal on the table.EU freezes carbon tax on aviation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203176", "title": "A special stall takes centre stage at CII", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Among the many stalls at the recently-concluded 'CII Chandigarh Fair' at Parade Ground, Sector 17, there was one kiosk that received much attention. What made the stall at social expo pavilion in hall number 6 take the centre stage were its exhibits a?? paintings and other art work made by a special 26-year-old youth. During the exhibition, Saurabh Saini, who was born with hearing impairment, received quite a few orders for painting. Saurabh, an arts teacher in a Barwala, Haryana, government school, had started painting at the age of 10.J S Saini, his father, said, \"During his school days, he would pretend that he was doing homework. But actually he would be making sketches of leaders, like Mahatma Gandhi , and Indian and Pakistani cricketers. Realizing his talent, I encouraged him to draw and paint. He first exhibited his work here in 1999 and it received an overwhelming response. He has won national awards in both painting and photography.\"\"When he completed his schooling, we realized that there were not many options for him. Some 200 families that had hearing and speech impaired children got together and started a signature campaign to initiate a special integrated art course for them,\" he added.Because of this sustained campaign, Government College of Art started enrolling special candidates in bachelors in fine art from 2003. Masters in fine art was opened for them last year, he said.CII under its corporate social responsibility initiative provided this platform to Saurabh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204141", "title": "Dengue cases rise in state", "text": "GUWAHATI: The number of suspected dengue cases in the state has increased to 756 out of which 527 cases have been tested positive till now, data provided by the health department revealed on Monday. In Kamrup (metro) alone, 404 cases of dengue have been confirmed while in Kamrup (rural), 29 suspected cases were suspected out of which 2 cases were tested positive.Dibrugarh is the next district after Kamrup where a total 86 suspected cases have been detected. In Lakhimpur, 24 out of 62 suspected cases have been tested positive.The Director of Health Services, Dhrubjyoti Hojai said, \"The total number of cases have increased at an alarming rate. Thus, we are planning to propose to the government that a fine be imposed on every household found stagnating water in pots, ditches, tyres, or water-coolers, etc. This method has been used by the Delhi government. There will be an inspection team which will be going to every household and any of them found stagnating water will be fined Rs 500.\"He added, \"Despite carrying out fogging activities and other preventive measures, things are not working out because of lack of awareness among people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17201525", "title": "Pakistani media stoking anti-China feelings?", "text": "BEIJING: An influential state-run daily on Monday highlighted anti-China protests in Pakistan , regarded as an \"all-weather ally\" of Beijing and blamed Pakistani media for stoking anti-China feelings.Written by a Pakistani scholar, an article in the Global Times said the recent protests in Karachi against the development of a mega city project funded by Chinese companies is \"being highlighted as a symbol of anti-China sentiments inside Pakistan\".\"However, the reality is entirely different from what is being portrayed in media reports,\" the article said.The writer wrote that the number of protesters was no more than 200, while the population of Sindh is more than 40 million, contending that the protesters were not representing the majority. \"Had there been any anti-China sentiments, there would have been a bigger crowd,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200877", "title": "Cong-MIM honeymoon over?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The snapping of ties with the UPA government at the Centre and the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in the state by the MIM is a clear indicator that the minority party sees the Congress as a sinking ship if not in the state at least in the Telangana region and that it is time for it to align with emerging parties like YSR Congress or even TRS.Despite MIM president and MP Asaduddin Owaisi criticising the Kiran Kumar government and calling him an agent of the Sangh Parivar at a press conference on Monday, Congress sources were hopeful that a compromise could be worked out. However, MIM sources said that the parting was final, at least as far as the Congress was concerned in the state.Indications are that if not immediately, MIM is likely to align itself with the YSR Congress headed by Jaganmohan Reddy anytime soon. \"Kiran Kumar Reddy was my friend and Jagan is my friend,\" Owaisi said at the press conference. It is a clear pointer to where the MIM is headed, admitted Congress sources.By joining hands with Jagan, the MIM can not only retain its hold in Old City, but can also expand its base in the Muslim-dominated pockets in the other Telangana districts. The TRS too, with whom the MIM is neither too friendly nor too hostile, is set to woo Owaisi. Either way, the long honeymoon between the Congress and MIM has ended, said sources close to Owaisi.Although the recent communal tension near Charminar in Old City due to alleged attempts by the management of Bhagyalakshmi temple to put up a scaffold on the entrance is stated to be the immediate trigger, MIM sources indicated that the parting of ways was in the making for at least the last two years.Despite several communal incidents, only the members of the Muslim minority were harassed while the provocative right-wing elements went scot-free, the sources added. According to them, it all started with the communal riots of 2010 after which several Muslim youths were rounded up and continued to be hounded by the police. Later, there were a series of incidents in Old City including defacing of Hanuman temple in Madannapet which turned out to be the handiwork of Hindu elements.After that, it was the countdown to Bakrid in the third week of October when committees comprising Hindu volunteers and cops stopped and seized several buffaloes on grounds that they were being taken to be slaughtered. Bakrid has been celebrated for several decades in this fashion.While we respect the ban on cow slaughter, why should buffaloes being taken for slaughter be seized? The city police and Hindu volunteers together seizing the animals has not gone down well with the Muslim community, the MIM sources said.After that, there were the incidents at Musheerabad on the eve of Bakrid when a cow that had strayed into a Hindu area was seized and not returned to its owners. This was followed by the Sabzi Mandi incident where a Muslim chilla (flag) was allegedly burnt by some miscreants.\"Despite the series of incidents in which the Muslims were harassed in some form or the other, Asaduddin Owaisi had restrained the Muslim community members not to retaliate. But now, the MIM has realised that the state Congress government will continue to harass the minority and this cannot be tolerated any more,\" said a leader close to the MIM chief.An immediate fallout of the MIM snapping ties with the Congress could be heightened tension in Old City and possible outbreak of violence as Owaisi is not likely to restrain the Muslim community to strike back in case of any provocation. In the longer run, it will change the political equation in the Telangana region including Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17205003", "title": "Admin says no to road digging", "text": "VARANASI: Many festivals are falling in the coming fortnight and the district administration is not in a mood to see the roads disturbed. Hence, the plea by UP Jal Nigam for seeking permission to restart digging of roads for the sewage and drainage projects has been turned down. The district administration has made it clear that no such works would be allowed till the end of November.The works on storm water drainage and sewage system was launched in 2009 under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). With the launching of these projects, the condition of roads worsened. Many major roads had been disturbed due to the works of trunk sewer line under Ganga Action Plan phase-II.Before the commencement of monsoon, the works of road digging under these projects had been stopped.However, even after repeated instructions of state government and district authorities, the agencies concerned did not pay attention for repairing the damaged roads.The condition of most of the roads started improving in past two months due to reasons like arrival of chief minister and orders of Allahabad High Court. But before the condition of all roads could improve, the UP Jal Nigam started its bid to seek permission of district administration to restart the works of road digging to lay pipelines under sewage and drainage projects.These agencies had forwarded their application to district magistrate Saurabh Babu in October. But, the DM preferred to put the ball into the court of ADM city MP Singh to take a decision on the issue. In view of it, Jal Nigam officials met ADM city on Monday. The official made it clear that no road digging would be allowed till November-end.After Diwali, festivals like Bhaiyya Dooj and Gowardhan Puja would take place. After a gap of few days, Moharram will fall, it would be followed by Ganga Mahotsava and Deo Deepawali, when lakhs of pilgrims and foreign tourist would arrive. Singh said that the load on roads would remain high during these festivals and the district administration can't afford any disturbance.The reason behind denial of permission for road digging could be gauged by going through the list of UPJal Nigam.This list contains the names of many busiest roads which have to be dug up for laying pipelines. As diverting traffic from these roads is impossible due to lack of alternative routes, the ADM city sought details of preparations and work plan of the agency. He made it clear that if the preparations of the agency are found satisfactory, giving permission for road digging would be impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203258", "title": "Diwali: Teak dry fruit boxes catch shoppersa fancy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Diwali is the time to exchange sweets, buy new clothes and jewellery, settle past debts, extend a hand of friendship and wish all a good fortune. It is also the time to seek blessings of Goddess Laxmi, the consort of Lord Vishnu and also the deity of wealth, happiness and beauty. Markets come to life with an array of sweets and homes are lit up with earthen lamps and candles.\"Usually dry fruits were packed in paper boxes but this time, we sell teak wood boxes with a golden lock on them. Prices start from Rs 800 to Rs 2,100 and people are just loving these fresh packings. Since morning, I have sold more than 500 teak boxes,\" said B K Thapad, owner of a shop in Sector 15.\"The new packing is amazing. It consists of badam khajur chocolates and a Baklawa barfi. It is a family package. I didn't have to buy different gifts for children,\" said Kavya Kukkreja of Sector 26. Shop owner in Sector 22 Tarvinder Kaur said: \"Silver trays of dry fruits with a fragrance candle has attracted too many. Silver tray without dry fruits are too in demand. This new look of the trays and new packing has made celebrations all the more exciting.\"\"My son's birthday and Diwali fall on the same date. We ordered a special birthday cake for him which looks like a rocket. He would definitely love it,\" said Parvati Sharma of Sector 19.\"We have got over 100 orders for Diwali cakes. These will be in different shapes and colours and the price depends on the size and shape. Some are even shaped as diyas, said Vijender Chaudhary, manager at a shop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201116", "title": "Child sexual abuse panel begins work, sets dates", "text": "PANAJI: The committee formed to frame measures for the safety of school children against sexual harassment held its first meeting last week under the chairmanship of St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh.The state-appointed committee met after over a month of its formation, but Wagh said work on the committee's report to the government has been expedited. \"We held discussions on various aspects at the meeting last week and we have scheduled meetings on November 14 and 21,\" he said.The committee was formed after a student of a city-based school who was allegedly sexually abused by her art teacher committed suicide.While the committee will investigate into this case and present a fact-finding report to the state government, it will also look at the overall picture of safety of students against sexual predators in education institutions and suggest measures to prevent repetition of such cases.The girl was allegedly sexually abused by her teacher, Kanhaiya Naik, in December last year. Shortly after Naik's release on bail, she set herself ablaze and succumbed later to the 80% burns suffered. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203653", "title": "Rushdie, John le Carre end their 'fatwa feud'", "text": "After more than a decade of 'one of the most gloriously vituperative literary feuds of recent times,' Indian-origin author Salman Rushdie and popular writer John le Carre have reconciled.Last month, Rushdie told an audience at the Cheltenham literature festival that he \"really\" admired Le Carre as a writer.\"I wish we hadn''t done it. I think of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy as one of the great novels of postwar Britain,\" the Guardian quoted him, as saying.According to the paper, now Le Carre has also made an attempt to end the 15-year-old feud.\"I too regret the dispute. My position was that there is no law in life or nature that says great religions may be insulted with impunity,\" he told the Times.\"I admire Salman for his work and his courage, and I respect his stand. Does that answer the larger debate which continues to this day?\" Le Carre told the Times.The pair began arguing 15 years ago about the merits of freedom of speech versus the limits of religious tolerance.It, however, degenerated into Rushdie calling le Carre a 'pompous ass' and le Carre describing Rushdie as \"arrogant\" and having undergone \"self-canonisation\".But following in the footsteps of Paul Theroux and VS Naipaul, who shook hands at last year''s Hay festival after a lengthy falling out, Rushdie and Le Carre''s wounds appear to have finally healed, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203128", "title": "Students go all out on last day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The third and last day of PECfest 2012 only took students' excitement a notch up with finals of scores of events scheduled at various arenas throughout the day before the grand closing in the evening. The day started with skit competition Dramarama and Cross Swords, the conventional debate finals. A riot of colours appeared at the art arena as Graffiti finals took stage. While many tried their hand at twisting the lyrics and rapping in the Rapper's battle, the photographers participated enthusiastically in Click.The film festival, held in collaboration with film-making club Shamiana of Delhi, led the hurried students to sit down and absorb some wonderful cinema in the evening. The intelligent lot from various colleges across the country put their knowledge to test in Eureka, the general quiz.The last day's star night had been most awaited with Punjabi singer Preet Harpal of the 'BA Fail' fame performing at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200324", "title": "No GATE pass for job seekers", "text": "KOLKATA: The number of candidates enrolling for the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) has jumped from 7 lakh in 2012 to 11 lakh this year. But not many of these examinees are interested in seeking admission to an MTech or an ME course. Now they are mostly eyeing a high GATE score to land a job in public sector units (PSUs). To crack the whip on such candidates and defend the very purpose of the test, the GATE committee is now likely to bring about some changes in the examination system.\"We fear that in 2014, more candidates will appear in GATE in order to find a job in PSUs. Majority of these candidates will be those who are not interested in enrolling for the MTech course, the sole reason for holding GATE. Hence, changes will be imminent in 2014,\" said a senior IIT - Kharagpur official, who is also a part of the GATE committee. The number of examinees sky-rocketed after it was decided that all PSUs will give campus recruitment a miss and shortlist candidates from their GATE scores.A committee, comprising nine members from seven IITs and IISC Bangalore, has been formed to delve into the prevalent examination system and examine the methods to incorporate changes. \"A proposal has been made to evaluate the possibility of dividing GATE into prelims and main from 2014. Only after securing a cut-off mark will a candidate be allowed to appear in the main examination. This will eliminate a huge number of candidates,\" said a committee member.The committee is also looking into the possibility of holding the examination on multiple days instead of a single day. \"Till now, online examinations were held on one day while written examinations were held on another day. There were different subject papers. Some were held online while others were written examinations,\" informed another source.\"GATE is primarily held for MTech programme aspirants and not job seekers. Hence, we are grappling with the rising influx of candidates. There is inadequate infrastructure to hold the examination on the same day for all students. Thus, the GATE restructuring committee shall look into the possibility of improvising on the examination. They have also been entrusted with the job to modify the course model. The first meeting of the committee is yet to be held,\" informed an IIT-KGP official.As per the proposal, a screening examination shall consist of aptitude test and combination of mathematics, chemistry and geology. Only after an examinee secures a fixed cut-off mark will he or she be eligible to appear in the subject papers. \"The date for GATE 2013 has already been fixed. Manpower needs to be increased due to the influx in candidates. All changes, if any, will be from 2014 onwards,\" said Biswajit Maiti, convener of the GATE restructuring committee.\"In 2011, GATE had 6.12 lakh aspirants while in 2012 it had increased to 7.17 lakh. In 2013, the number of examinees have exceeded 11 lakh. PSU job seekers are the only reason for this increase. Hence, a restructuring is mandatory,\" said a GATE committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200501", "title": "IFFI to premiere \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLife of Pi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, mark 100 yrs of cinema", "text": "NEW DELHI: The International Film Festival of India that kickstarts in Goa on November 19 will have several firsts to its credit. Not only will it host the world premiere of Ang Lee's 'Life of Pi' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a big-ticket Hollywood production \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as its inaugural film but the festival also plans to celebrate the centenary year of Indian cinema through live performances, screenings of a special section and a centenary award to boot.While the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry continues to grapple with infrastructure constraints in Goa, there have been efforts to introduce new sections for film aficionados besides the usual sprinkling of Bollywood glamour. There will be a significant Bollywood presence with actors Akshay Kumar inaugurating the event and special invitees including Irrfan Khan and Tabu. The closing film is the much-anticipated 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' by Mira Nair.The centenary of Indian cinema is being celebrated with a performance by singer Kailash Kher that will be choreographed by Saroj Khan. \"Since this year we are celebrating as a centenary year, we have a special section curated by film critics and experts tracing the country's cinematic history,'' I&B; secretary U K Varma said.These include all time classics like 'Achchut Kanya', 'Sant Tukaram' and 'Chandralekha' (Tamil), besides 27 feature and non-feature films. The centenary award will be given to a film or a body of work that has created a paradigm shift in terms of aesthetics, technique, technology or a new form of story telling.The festival is expected to be high in national and international presence with experts, directors, critics and writers from across the world. There will be a special section featuring 11 films from Turkey, special tribute to five Indian directors including Mrinal Sen, Muzaffar Ali , Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Shyam Benegal and K Balachandra.The homage section would include films by late greats like Yash Chopra , Dev Anand , Rajesh Khanna , A K Hangal and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17206653", "title": "Andhra girls, Air India boys triumph at Junior Badminton Nationals", "text": "NAGPUR: Andhra Pradesh girls and Air India boys gave their supporters a perfect Diwali gift by emerging champions in the team events at the Manipur Sports Council Indoor Stadium in Imphal on Tuesday.Pre-tournament favourites AP lived up to their reputation to annex the Shafi Qureshi Cup on the fourth day of the 37th Junior (U-19) National Badminton Championships, while Air India boys brought down the high-flying Chhattigarh in the Narang Cup final.Both the finals were an exciting affairs and gave the holiday crowd their money's worth.In the girls summit clash, AP rallied back brilliantly to edge out West Bengal 2-1. Andhra started on a losing note when J Meghana lost to talented West Bengal shuttler Rituparna Das in the first singles.However, junior India doubles pair of K Maneesha and Meghana restored parity by defeating West Bengal duo Rituparna and Anuriya Das.In the decider, teen sensation Ruthvika Shivani thrashed Riya Mookherji in straight games to help AP clinch crown.The boys final was equally entertaining between Air India and West Zone champions Chhattisgarh. Pratul Joshi provided a flying start to Air India. His opponent Shreyansh Jaiswal conceded the match when he was trailing 12-21, 9-11.Chhattisgarh bounced back to level the tie score 1-1 thanks to a splendid effort by Shreyansh and Sanyam Shukla, who registered a hard-fought three-game win over Aditya Joshi and Gopi Raju.Aditya carried his good form in the decider too against Sanyam Shukla. After both the players shared the first two games, Aditya needed to push himself hard to grab the final game at 21-16. It was Air India's second successive title after they had triumphed at Jaipur in 2011 by beating Maharashtra.The individual events will begin on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17201181", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi bag much-needed bonus point", "text": "NEW DELHI: The game was there for the taking for Delhi on the fourth day against Odisha in their Ranji Trophy Group B tie at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Monday. To the team management's relief, Delhi completed the formalities with no hiccups, with the Shikhar Dhawan-led side pocketing a much-needed 10-wicket win.With four wickets in hand, a 13-over old ball and just a 41-run lead, Odisha were always up against it. The Delhi pacers, led by left-arm seamer Pawan Suyal, laid the platform for Delhi to pick up seven points from the match. The openers didn't disappoint, knocking over the 82-run target in 15 overs. Barely 20 minutes after lunch, the team was relaxing in the dressing room with a bonus point in their kitty. Dhawan himself took liking to the deflated Odisha attack, smacking 55 off 49 balls with nine fours and a six.Knowing the importance of a victory with a bonus point after defeat to Uttar Pradesh last week, Suyal and Parvinder Awana bowled with hostility on a bare wicket and didn't let the tail wag. While Awana, bowling round the stumps for most of his spell, softened up the batsmen by targeting the rib cage, Suyal induced the edges with skipper Natraj Behera (45) falling first. Bowling with an umbrella shaped slip cordon at one point, Suyal returned with figures of 5/93.Nehra, Bhatia return for Baroda matchThe Delhi team management conceded they were worried with the performances of the relatively young side. With Baroda on the platter next, they will be boosted by the return of experienced pros like Ashish Nehra and Rajat Bhatia for Round Three starting from Friday. Yogesh Nagar, too, makes a comeback from injury.The squad:Shikhar Dhawan (captain ), Unmukt chand , Mohit Sharma, Mithun Manhas, Yogesh Nagar, Rajat Bhatia, Ashish Nehra, Punit Bisht (wk), Sumit Narwal, Parvinder Awana, Manan Sharma, Vikas Mishra, Pawan Suyal, Pradeep Sangwan, Milind Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200825", "title": "Jawan sacked for 3 extra days of leave gets back benefits", "text": "CHENNAI: Five years after being dismissed from the Army for going on three extra days of leave and declared a deserter, a 40-year-old- jawan was on Monday restored his retirement benefits by a two-member regional bench of the Armed Forces Tribunal here.Giving the order, the bench of Justice V Periya Karuppiah, member (judicial), and Lt Gen (retd.) Anand Mohan Verma, member (administrative), said, considering the nature of the offence, it was not inclined to order reinstatement as sought. \"Considering the applicant's service of 15 years and six months and his family commitments, he deserves to be given a sympathetic look,\" said Justice V Periya Karuppiah.A native of Ariyalur in Tamil Nadu, M Kasinathan joined the Army on April 28, 1992 and was posted to the Brigade of the Guards at Roorkee. In 2001, he was granted 40 days leave, till October 27. Due to some family problems, he extended it by 20 days through a telegram to the commanding officer. Subsequently, a letter was sent to him by the commanding officer on October 31, saying he has been denied leave extention. However, Kasinathan said he received the letter only on November 9. Kasinathan went to Roorkee, and was informed that the unit was in Rajasthan and not allowed to join duty. He was asked by the subedar adjutant to report to the Regimental Centre at Kamptee in Maharashtra but when he went there, he was told to return to Roorkee since all his documents were there. \"After attempts to re-join failed, the petitioner requested the officer in charge of records at his unit for the discharge book and through it learnt that he had been dismissed from service in October 2007,\" said counsel for petitioner M K Sikdar.Taking a strong view against the Army for not giving the petitioner an opportunity to state his case, the tribunal said he was not served a show-cause. The tribunal said an Army man could be declared a deserter only after 30 days of absence under Section 106 of the Army Act but in this case, it was initiated after three days. \"Though there is a shortfall of 285 days to avail pension, it can be condoned. Three months' time is allowed for payment of arrears and commencement of pension,\" said Justice Karuppiah.In 2001, Kasinathan was granted 40 days of leave. He extended it by 20 days through a telegram to the commanding officer. Subsequently, a letter was sent to him by the commanding officer on October 31. Kasinathan went to Roorkee, and was informed that the unit was in Rajasthan and not allowed to join duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201482", "title": "Crackers have a dark side too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the spirit of the Diwali must not be dampened, doctors caution against excessive use of crackers. Babies can get nightmares, while in adults and children, there can be loss of vision and hearing which are commonly reported in the city hospitals.\"The smoke emitted from crackers can precipitate respiratory attacks in asthmatics. High-decibel noise scares children,\" said Dr Meenu Singh, pediatrician at PGI.Those who are asthmatic must wear masks or watch the display of fireworks from a distance. \"Toxic chemicals released during cracker explosions are unhealthy for the lungs. These days, smoke-free electronic crackers can be bought,\" said Dr Meenu.\"In high-decibel noise of crackers, there is a temporary threshold shift - noise-induced hearing loss for sometime,\" said Dr A K Gupta, ENT department in PGI.The incidence of eye injuries caused by firecrackers rises dramatically in Diwali days. Doctors attribute it to many new and unfamiliar firecrackers entering the market every year. \"Last Diwali, we had many emergency cases in our hospital. Most patients belonged to well-educated families,\" said Dr S P S Grewal, eye specialist in a Sector-9 clinic. He said, \"Most injuries occur due to reckless use of firecrackers. Sparklers are one of the major causes of firework injuries requiring hospitalization.\" 80% of burn victims are children because these accidents often happen at home.\"Lighting a firecracker may seem very easy and fun but if one is not careful, it can cause serious damage. One should never attempt to re-light a dud because it can go off,\" warned Vikas Sharma, dermatologist in Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203797", "title": "Lawyers seek judicial complex, cease work", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lawyers ceased work at Bhubaneswar court on Monday, demanding a judicial complex. The lawyers have been demanding the complex for the past four years.In 2008, the lawyers had proposed the state government to set up a judicial complex, where all the courts will function under one roof. According to the proposal, the building will house consumer court, Odisha Human Rights Commission, Information Commission, Lokpal, State Commission for Women, industrial tribunal, labour court and education tribunal.At present, all but the sessions court and the Odisha administrative tribunal are situated at different locations in the city. This is troublesome for both the lawyers and the litigants, said S S K Subuddhi, president, Bhubaneswar Bar Association.\"A judicial complex will facilitate all the courts, tribunals and commissions within one premise. This will not only help litigants and petitioners get their grievances redressed but will also be convenient for lawyers to deal with many cases without running from one office to another,\" said Subuddhi.The state government had earlier rejected a proposal to increase the number of floors in the Bhubaneswar court building. The Bhubaneswar Bar has 4,500 lawyers who share offices inside the two-storeyed building constructed in 1980.\"Earlier, we had eight courtrooms in the building. Now we have 22 courtrooms as number of cases has increased and we need more infrastructure. Let alone the space for court function, there is no space for the lawyers to sit,\" said Prasanta Patnaik, a bar council member. He said around 60,000 cases are pending due to space problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17201441", "title": "Migrant population issue hits Karapur-Sarvan village", "text": "PANAJI: Villagers of the Karapur-Sarvan village panchayat are learning the hard way that being too close to urban areas isn't a good thing.With the mining belt towns of Sanquelim and Bicholim nearby and the state highway passing through many wards, the villages of Sarvan (785.86 ha) and Karapur (863.32 ha) have inevitably turned into the perfect residential destination for workers from other states employed in the mines.Which is why the panchayat's gram sabhas, including a special gram sabha held two months ago, have repeatedly raised the issue of the \" migrant population\".Panch member Rajesh Naik says, \"We have decided to deal with the issue of migrants on a priority basis as their numbers are affecting the demographics of our panchayat.\"Villagers point out that the 1991 census pegged the population at 6,154, and two decades later this rural area has 8,408 people and 2,024 registered houses.\"One will find many people from other parts of the country earning their living in the mining industry and living here on rent. So, at our next meeting we will request all those who rent out their homes/rooms to provide details of their tenants who are from other states,\" said Naik.Sarpanch Aryan Gaonkar claimed, \"Some migrant labourers are associated with crime so we have decided to conduct a survey of the panchayat's population due to this.\"Shami Madar, a former panch, countered the seemingly anti-migrant sentiment. \"This workforce earns its living through hardwork, and they have also helped the local villagers by offering various services (masons, vendors etc).\"'Mega projects' are another issue in the panchayat, villagers said with panch Mahesh Sawant alleging that in the absence of revenue earning sources the panchayat has permitted a mega housing project on 13,000 sq m of land in Karapur and an industrial estate at Sarvan.Interestingly, when the mining industry was in full swing, the village panchayat saw several cases of illegal mining too.Gaonkar said necessary steps will be taken to protect Sarvan-Karapur's land resources.Locals suggested that the panchayat could look at tapping the tourism potential of its historic temples. The temple of Shri Vithal, famous across the state for the annual festival of Chaitra-Pournima, is in Vithalapur. Shantadurga is the presiding deity of Karapur, where one will also find the temples of Mahadev, Ravalnath and Narayandev. Sarvan has the temple of Shyampurush and Sateri.Mayem MLA Anant Shet said he would do his best to complete projects aiming at the overall development of Sarvan-Karapur. \"Tourism initiatives will also be boosted and we will try to get the government to patronize festivals here, like Tripurari Pournima,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200113", "title": "Science centres for students find takers", "text": "NASHIK: After tenders floated for the creation of science centres for rural students drew a blank, forcing the Zilla Parishad (ZP) authorities to invite fresh tenders, six firms have responded, raising hopes of creating the facilities.The science centre\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Manav Vikas Bal Vidyan Bhawan\u00e2\u20ac\u201d are to be created in eight tehsils of Nashik district.\"Some organizations have come forth with the proposal of raising the centres for the students in the rural areas after tenders were floated again after easing of few of the terms and conditions for Manav Vikas' Balvidyan Bhawan in the rural areas. The proposals would be scrutinized and organizations will be allocated respective schools, soon,\" a senior official from the education department of the ZP said.The project, based on the lines of Nehru Centre, albeit scaled down to suit the needs of students from rural areas, is intended to spread scientific temperament among children in secondary and higher secondary schools. While most of the schools have agreed to spare space and the teachers for the project, the tender floated three months back failed to find organizations that could suit the terms and conditions stipulated by District Planning Development Committee ( DPDC).\"We had the schools but not the organizations which would complete the project and train the teachers to run the self-sustaining project, based on no-profit-no-loss basis,\" the official said, adding that the project sanctioned during last financial year was extended to this year.Initial funds of Rs 10 lakh will be provided to every centre after which the laboratory has to be run by schools, who can collect Rs 5 per child only, besides annual grant of Rs 10,000.\"The concept is that the organization and the provision of equipment to school students is in such a manner that students can play with the equipment to understand and explore the magic of science. Since practising science will strengthen the fundamentals of the children from Classes VIII to XII, the centres are to be located in higher secondary schools that have junior colleges attached to them,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17201557", "title": "Banking lokpal planning to offer SMS facility", "text": "JAISALMER: Efforts have been stepped up to create awareness about the banking lokpal system in the country and results so far have been encouraging as there is a significant increase in the filing of complaints by consumers, said Rajasthan head of banking lokpal.B L Meena, Lokpal N P Topno &amp; manager, and assistant manager N K Sharma who came to Jaisalmer for the awareness campaign on lokpal said that the law was implemented in the country in 1995 and since then there has been a rise in the number of complaints relating to banking services. From July 1, 2011 to June 30, 2012, 87,069 complaints have been registered in the country and in Rajasthan till June 2012, a total of 4,209 complaints have come before the banking lokpal.He said there are 15 banking lokpals in the country including Rajasthan where anyone can send their grievances with regard to the banking services through mail, fax or other mode of correspondences. Efforts are being made to offer the facility of filing complaints through SMS or telephone, and soon a decision would be taken in this regard.Lokpal Topno said complaints lodged with banking lokpal are resolved in three months and complainants need not submit any filled-up form or fee for lodging complaints. This is a totally free and easy method. The facility also addresses grievances on priority. If the complaint is found genuine, the complainant is given compensation of maximum Rs 10.Only those consumers can lodge complaint with lokpal who have not approached any consumer forum, court. He said before the banking lokpal system, the consumer had to send his complaints to the bank. If he didn't get his problem addressed within a month, then he had to go to the banking lokpal forum. Now, efforts are being made to get replies from the bank within 15 days.He said lokpal does not accept complaints pertaining to corruption, bank loan policy or bank fees and charges. According to the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India , if any person is dissatisfied with the decision of the banking lokpal, then the consumer can approach an appeal officer at the deputy government level of the RBI.A Lokpal officer said that no bank can refuse to accept Rs 10 note or Rs 1 note in any number. Similarly, banks cannot refuse to accept coins and if any bank does so, then the victim can complain to the lokpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17201705", "title": "Rajasthan's olive branch", "text": "Apart of the Mediterranean has come to arid Rajasthan. No, it's not its salubrious climate or awe-inspiring beauty. Instead, it's the small olive fruit that has spawned a revolution in vast swathes of the state and given a new lease of life to farmers who were struggling to make ends meet with wheat, cotton and bajra.Pilot projects on olive cultivation has been on for the last four years in seven districts of the state. Khetaram Phagoria , a farmer from Sriganganagar district , says, \"I have pinned my last hopes on olive. Wheat has taken me nowhere as I can just about make ends meet, while pests have almost consumed my cotton crop this year. Yields are declining but labour costs have surged.\"And though the prices of wheat have risen somewhat, the gains are too meager . Also, with middlemen taking a cut at every level of the value chain, Khetaram and others like him are left with little to sustain themselves. Desperate times call for desperate measures and that's how he decided to try his luck with olive farming. He's already diverted one hectare out 10 for its cultivation.It wasn't an easy decision. Olive trees, after all, take four years to bear fruit. However, their productive age lasts for 70 years and they can survive more than 500 years. It was in 2007 that Rajasthan Olive Cultivation Ltd (ROCL) planted olive trees in seven plantations in seven different agro-climatic zones spread over 182 hectares in the state. The fruits of that labour were borne this year when olives were harvested and led to hope of an alternative type of farming.A recent sample extraction found that oil content in the fruit grown in Rajasthan was 14.6%, more than the average for a tree that's four years old. After the success of these pilot projects, ROCL has now opened the crop for commercial cultivation. ROCL, incidentally, is a joint venture between Rajasthan State Agriculture Board, Plastro Plasson of Pune and Israel's Indolive Ltd.\"For these crops to be financially viable , the fruits should have about 12% oil content. As the tree matures, this percentage goes up. But seeing the higher oil content in the first crop, ROCL now plans to have 5,000 hectares under olive cultivation within three years,\" says Yogesh Verma, manager, ROCL.A cluster approach has been adopted for efficient monitoring and managing the crop. Accordingly, commercial cultivation of olive has now been opened for farmers in Bikaner, Hanumangarh, Nagaur and Sriganganagar where pilot projects have shown promise. Already, 40 hectares have been approved and more farmers are queuing up, says Verma . An olive extraction machine worth Rs 3 crore has been bought by ROCL and it will be set up in Bikaner soon.What's more, it could fetch the farmers a handsome remuneration. While they earn about Rs 1 lakh per hectare annually from traditional crops like wheat and bajra, olive cultivation could fetch them double the amount, says Verma. The cost of planting olives is estimated at Rs 60,000 a hectare, with the government giving a subsidy of Rs 40,000 and an annual fertilizer grant of Rs 3,000 for three years. ROCL has trained professionals to monitor and guide farmers.There is a groundswell of expectations riding on the success of these projects as weary farmers have been battling harsh summers and water-scarcity here for decades. Although olives are grown in mild climatic conditions, Rajasthan's cold spells hold the key to the survival of these trees, which require less water and are strong enough to weather scorching summers.Verma says that Rajasthan shares similar climatic conditions with Israel, which has been able to grow olives successfully . Israeli technology, which uses drip-irrigation and sensors, has been at the heart of this Rs 6 crore experiment. While drip-irrigation uses water effectively , sensors show what and how much nutrient and fertilizer the trees require.After seeing the success of olive cultivation in Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab and Orissa too have shown an interest in it. Last month, the Punjab approved a pilot project for olive cultivation.This could also change the health habits of people. Olive oil has many health benefits and is widely used in the Mediterranean for cooking. It contains high monounsaturated fats and antioxidants which help in bringing down bad cholesterol and prevents cardiovascular problems. While its use is still confined to the health-conscious affluent minority in India, the increasing purchasing power of people is slowly leading to more users.But the price of olive oil in India is four times higher than traditional oils. Extra virgin olive oil used for cooking costs about Rs 800 a litre and olive pomace oil, Rs 400. But if it is produced indigenously, the prices could well come down.India currently imports all its olive oil from leading olive producing nations such as Spain, Italy and Greece. \"Olive oil consumption is growing fast in India and imports have surged from 4,300 metric tonne in 2010-11 to 7,500 tonne in 2011-12 . It is projected that in the current financial year, the imports will touch 12,000 metric tonnes,\" says V N Dalmiya, president of Indian Olive Association (IOA).\"Hopefully, the fruits of success will touch more lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17201205", "title": "A plastic skin that is touch sensitive and can heal itself", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have developed first synthetic skin that is both sensitive to touch and capable of healing itself quickly and repeatedly at room temperature.The finding could lead to smarter prosthetics or resilient personal electronics that repair themselves. Stanford University professor Zhenan Bao and her team have succeeded in making the first material that can both sense subtle pressure and heal itself when torn or cut.In the last decade, there have been major advances in synthetic skin, said Bao, but even the most effective self-healing materials had major drawbacks. Some had to be exposed to high temperatures, making them impractical for day-to-day use.Others could heal at room temperature, but repairing a cut changed their mechanical or chemical structure, so they could only heal themselves once. Most importantly, no self-healing material was a good bulk conductor of electricity, a crucial property. The study findings were published in the journal 'Nature Nanotechnology'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17205942", "title": "We are prepared for the tough challenge against India, says Matt Prior", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two days before the commencement of what is billed as the 'revenge series' for India, England wicket-keeper Matt Prior on Tuesday said that the tourists are well prepared for the tough challenge of taming the hosts.\"We have given ourselves the best chance, we have prepared as well as we can. It's now down to performing on the pitch. It's a tough challenge for all of us,\" he said ahead of the opening Test commencing at the Motera here on November 15.\"Coming over here, we had a long preparation. We have been able to play a lot of cricket on these types of wickets. We are now ready after getting used to the heat, the spinning tracks, the traffic. We are going into the Test match feeling fully prepared,\" he declared.It has been 28 years since any team from Old Blighty had come and bearded India in its own den and Prior said England are well aware of the history.\"It's always a very challenging place to come and play. India know their conditions fantastically well as we do when we play in England where we are brought up playing the swinging ball and we play it pretty well.Likewise these guys are brought up playing the spinning ball and they play it pretty well,\" he said.\"Cricket is a religion out here and to be able to play in front of people with that mentality is a fantastic opportunity. To come out and win in this environment would be even better.Record speaks for itself how it's been since England last won over here,\" he added.Incidentally, India were last beaten at home in a Test rubber by Australia in 2004-05 season and since then they have either won the series or drawn them against all other opponents.Prior conceded that the 3-0 rout against the Pakistan spin duo of Saeed Ajmal and Abdur Rehman in the United Arab Emirates a few months ago, still rankles the England squad.But the 30-year-old South Africa born stumper also insisted that the team has the ability to move ahead and take on the new challenge head-on as it has a very good batting line-up.\"It's always in the back of their minds (the debacle against Pakistan). But as an international sportsman you have to move on quickly,\" Prior said.\"What I hope we can do is learn from our own experiences, learn from our mistakes and take them forward into these Test matches. Every big batter in our side wants to score big runs in India. We have a very, very good batting team.\"Prior was of the same opinion as his teammate Graeme Swann that the very successful (at home) Indian spin duo of R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha may not be as mystical as their Pakistan counterparts, but were no less bowlers.\"Probably (they are less mystical). (But) It does not make them any less quality bowlers. And we have to prepare as if against any other spin bowlers. We know their quality.We know their knowledge of their own conditions will certainly help. I reiterate the point that we have given ourselves the best opportunity through our preparations out here,\" he said.\"We have done a lot of good work. We had a bad experience (against Pakistan in UAE) and we are learning from that. If you have been here (in the subcontinent) before you know what to expect and it does not change really.What is important is how we use the experience to situations, wickets, crowds and everything else (to perform better),\" he added.Prior was non-committal when asked about the Test wicket at the Motera Stadium that looked barren. \"My reading of wickets is very poor. We will have to wait and see how the wickets change.\"A lot of times in India you looked at the wicket and felt it's going to deteriorate and become dust bowls and it plays flat right through.And at other times it looks flat for three days and suddenly ball starts turning and keeping low on the last two days. That's why we have to keep our mind and options open,\" he said.When the inevitable question on the return to the side of star batsman Kevin Pietersen came up, Prior came out with a straight bat.\"We wouldn't want KP to change too much because it's how he is that makes him so special. If KP comes on (as a) shy, introvert character I will be more worried because I want him to go out and express himself like he does.\"You only have to walk round India. These guys who have seen him in IPL can't wait to see him bat. We certainly can't either.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17201549", "title": "BSF starts modernization of border outposts", "text": "JODHPUR: Rattled by the growing stress among its jawans on the border, the Border Security Force (BSF) has started modernization of the Border Out Posts (BOPs) along the Indo-Pak border on the Rajasthan Frontier. \"These BOPs will be equipped with more facilities for the jawans to not only protect them from the rigours of harsh weather but also prevent any possible attack and most importantly to keep them de-stressed,\" said DIG (BSF) R K Thapa.The BSF has also included stress management in its ongoing frontier foundation day celebrations week from October 29 to November 4 in which a workshop on stress management for the jawans will be organized.He said that a jawan has to spend a long time in the BOP and the new BOPs have been designed keeping the comfort of these jawans in mind. \"They will have better accommodation facilities, welfare facilities and games and sports facilities. They have been so designed that they can hold their positions comfortably in these posts and if needed, can fight longer,\" said Thapa.Currently having 231 BOPs on the 804 km long frontier border with Pak, the BSF will soon be coming up with new BOPs to keep the distance between two BOPs to 3 to 3.5 km with a view to better and enhanced surveillance during patrolling. \"We have planned these new BOPs in between those BOPs which have larger distances then 3 - 3.5 km,\" said Thapa. The sanction of these new BOPs is awaited.Thapa said that the BSF is also decking it up to ensure better surveillance on the border. \"We have constantly upgrading ourselves with the new and modern weapons which are more precise and lethal. We have the carbines replaced by the 9 mm Italian Beratta and 5.56 X 95 Israel made rifles,\" Thapa said, adding that now we have also a helicopter made available by the army. \"Besides this, the fencing on the entire border has been completed and the flood lights, which are yet to installed on a certain tract, will also be installed very soon to coincide with the up gradation of the BOPs\", he said.Giving the account of past one year, Thapa informed that the BSF has caught 68 trespassers in past one year, of which 39 were Indians, 14 Pakistani, 14 Bangladeshi and 1 from Nepal . During this period, the BSF has seized the smuggled consignments of Heroin worth Rs. 25 crore apart from fake Indian currency of Rs. 14745 and Pakistani currency worth Rs. 989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17200668", "title": "Exploding crackers after 10pm may land you in jail", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have plans to burn crackers all night on Diwali, you may land in jail for five years. In an attempt to control pollution levels in the state during Diwali, the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) on Monday issued a directive banning firecrackers from 10pm to 6am. The board has also made it clear that firecrackers should not be used at any time in silent zones like hospitals, educational institutions and religious places.Referring to a Supreme Court verdict, HSPCB, in an advertisement through newspapers, warned that violators will be prosecuted under provisions of the environmental protection Act 1986, which may invite imprisonment up to five years or fine up to Rs 1 lakh or both.According to the board officials, the decision has been taken after considering a study that has shown that pollution levels escalate by six to 10 times every year on the eve of Diwali.Chairman of HSPCB P K Gupta told TOI that the board's aim is to make Diwali cracker-free because the unrestricted use of crackers has resulted in pollution levels shooting up in the state. Gupta said the advertisement was meant to act as a deterrent and the board was aware that it would be almost impossible to book people under such harsh provisions of the Act. For most people, Diwali festivities are incomplete without the bursting of firecrackers the entire night.\"We have asked the deputy commissioners concerned and municipal authorities to ensure the implementation of the orders,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203239", "title": "Fireworks get bigger, better, more creative", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to invading the market during the festive season, the firecracker business occupies a huge share of the pie. Available in different shapes and sizes, the latest firecrackers in market are a real treat to the eyes. And with the large variety available in the market, shoppers too scour the market thoroughly before making a buy in order to grab the best deal.While the prices of firecrackers have gone up considerably this festive season, their popularity is yet to see a significant dip. \"Anaars, 12 feet sparklers, big chakras, rockets, crackers are available in nearly 2,000 different varieties and its impossible to choose. We loved the bottle look of 'anaar' and ended up buying a whole packet besides other varieties,\" said Subadha Pathania, a resident of Sector 19.Traders say while the buyers are resisting buying a lot of crackers due to the price rise, the old-world charm of crackers still attracts them to firecracker shops. \"The price of big and fancy crackers starts from Rs 2,000 and goes up to Rs 5,000. Additionally to attract more and more people, new innovations have also been made in manufacturing these - for example the shape of rocket has been changed to make it attractive,\" said Mukesh Sharma, a shopkeeper at Sector 15.\"My son is a music lover and has bought all rockets as they are available in the shape of a guitar,\" said Anita Makkar, a resident of Sector 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17207040", "title": "Rosewood smuggled out of Palghar jungle seized", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar forest department raided a bungalow and seized huge stock of Rosewood, allegedly smuggled out of the jungle. Seven persons have been arrested. The role of two forest employees allegedly aiding the smugglers to transport the wood from the jungles to the bungalow is being investigated.According to Rajendra Bhongale, Assistant Conservator of Forests, Palghar Division, they received a tipoff that a blue colour Maruti van was moving in the Dhekale jungles, bordering the Mumbai-Ahmedabad National Highway No.8., near Manor .The van was later found parked near a bungalow 'Shreyas' in Vevoor village of Palghar. \"Workers were cutting rosewood into slabs and making wooden articles out of them inside the bungalow,\" said Bhongale.The seized wood is valued at Rs 2.50 lakh in the market. Seven persons identified as Rajesh Shrivastav, Ganesh Rajput, Santoshkumar Shrivastav, Guddu Shrivastav, Anil Shrivastav and Rajendra Shrivastav and Bhiva Shanvar the owner of the bungalow have been arrested. All the accused, except Shanvar hail from Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.Forest officials seized the motors used to cut the rosewood slabs. The accused have been booked under various sections of the Indian Forest Act and the Mumbai Forest Act. They are in police custody. Forest officials said that they feared the involvement of insiders in the smuggling activity. Forest staffers are believed to be helping the smugglers carry the rosewood out of the forest without being caught. The rosewood trees in the Dhekale jungles are monitored by the state government. Axing of the rosewood trees needs the permission of the Forest Department.Rosewood is a high premium wood and costs around Rs 5,000 per cubic feet in the commercial market and the wood is used to make arte facts, household furniture and wooden kitchenware.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17205923", "title": "Experts roped in to boost tourism", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The indication that the state tourism needs to have a forward-thinking approach was acknowledged in this year's tourism policy with the government deciding to form a State Tourism Advisory Committee.Now, the tourism department has decided to form 20-odd focus groups under various categories such as responsible tourism, adventure tourism, eco-tourism, ayurveda, medical tourism etc. The focus group members \u00e2\u20ac\u201d experts in their respective areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will hold periodical meetings to find new marketing and tourism development strategies, which will be presented to the advisory committee.\"There is a need to innovate and rebrand Kerala as a tourist destination. The primary objective of the focus group is to bring innovative ideas. The advisory committee would work on fulfilling these ideas, which is why the tourism department felt the need to form small focus groups,\" said Suman Billa, tourism secretary. The first group, comprising nine people, is likely to hold its first meeting mid-November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17204758", "title": "Writer's heritage home destroyed in Surat festival fire", "text": "SURAT: The 150-year-old house belonging to the well-known Gujarati humour writer Jyotindra Dave in Bhagal area suffered a massive damage after a fire broke out there due a firecracker in the early hours of Monday. The house no 9778 at Amliran on Ambaji Road near Air India in Bhagal is situated just opposite legendary Kavi Narmad's house which is a heritage structure.Born in 1901, Dave was the first president of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad held in 1966. He died in 1980. A road and a garden are named after him in Surat.Fire brigade officials said they received a call at 1.55 am on Monday. Major household items were gutted in the fire. A couple of crackers are believed to have entered the closed house setting off the fire. The flames were noticed by some residents, who informed the fire brigade officials.There was another fire due to short circuit in a trade centre at Udhna Char Rasta. At least 65 people who were trapped were rescued by the fire officials. However, there were no casualties in the two incidents, sources said.The second fire incident took place at 1.05 am on Monday on upper floors of Union Trade Centre near Apple Hospital.\"At least 65 people, including a two-year-old girl were trapped in the fumes. We used two hydraulic platforms and rescued everyone,\" said Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer of Surat Municipal Corporation. Two rescue tankers, four fire tankers, six water tankers and other equipment were used by as many as 70 fire brigade personnel to rescue the people and douse the fire.\"We have positioned seven fire tenders at seven SMC party plots in the city where firecracker shops have been set up,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17201327", "title": "Uninterrupted emergency services for pets", "text": "PANCHKULA: Government Pet Medical Centre (PMC) at Panchkula, has decided to open round-the-clock emergency services on Tuesday to provide medical aid to injured pets on Diwali. However, OPD would remain closed on Tuesday at the centre.Sadly, pets are the easiest targets for sadists who tie crackers to their tails or burn them by throwing burning crackers at them. According to the data available with the Chandigarh Kennel Club, there are around 30,000 pet dogs in Tricity. In charge of PMC, Dr M R Singla said there would be holiday in the centre on Tuesday and OPD would also be closed, but we have specially deputed a veterinarian, pharmacist and technician to deal with pet injuries in view of Diwali. He added that more specialists would be available in case of necessity.Dr Singla said, \"Because of firecrackers sometimes pets get serious injuries and require immediate medical aid. And so, we have decided to open round-the-clock emergency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17204234", "title": "Teenaged girl dies after setting self on fire", "text": "INDORE: A 15-year-old girl set herself on fire inside her house in Sendhwa, Barwani district on Monday morning. Her family members brought her to the Civil hospital where she was declared brought dead . According to the girl's father the girl was upset over being constantly harassed by some boys who used to tease her on her way to the coaching class.The deceased is Asmita Verma, a class XI student and daughter of Satish Verma, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar. She was deeply disturbed over continues harassment at the hands of the accused. Girl's family had registered a complaint with the Sendhwa police four days ago, but police did not take any action.Talking to ToI over phone Satish Verma said that the two accused Ishan Katare and Ram Sharma, both in their early twenties were continuously harassing my daughter. They were creating trouble for the girl when she used to go for her classes. She was quite disturbed. \"I had filed a complaint with Sendhwa police on November 8, but police did not take action against the accused,\" he said.About the incident, he said the girl committed suicide in the morning at around 9 am when none of the family members were present inside the house. I was outside the house reading news paper when I heard her scream. By the time I entered the house, she was completely drowned in flames. We somehow doused the fire and rushed her to the hospital.He also mentioned about a previous incident when his daughter and the son were beaten by the accused.Investigating officer Virendra Singh Gurjar said that the girl's father had lodged a complaint against the two accused.However, Superintendent of Police (SP), Barwani, RC Burra said that police had registered a case earlier as well when the girl had eloped with one of the accused Police are investigating the case. Police will arrest the accused soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17204906", "title": "Children's fair on Children's Day", "text": "VARANASI: On the occasion of Children's day, World Literacy of Canada is organising a children's fair at Tulsi ghat on November 14. Around 900 children from rural and urban areas of Varanasi and adjoining districts will participate in dance, drama, fancy dress and other cultural programmes on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201391", "title": "Warmth &amp; goodwill to mark festival of lights", "text": "PUNE: Lanterns, rangolis, diyas and of course, loads of goodwill - Pune is ready for Diwali. From warm get-togethers to sumptuous fares to naughty card games to crackling celebrations, the city is all set.Chaitanya Rathi, who was recently blessed with a baby, would celebrate Diwali by visiting a couple of temples. \"Relatives and friends will be coming home to see the baby. We had, in fact, organised a special 'mata ki chowki' for him this festive season, followed by lots of shopping. On the day of Laxmi pujan, we will attend the puja at our uncle's place,\" said Rathi.Rather than bursting crackers, Rathi prefers to celebrate the festival in ways which do not cause environmental pollution. Every year he visits an NGO to distribute sweets and crackers among the under-privileged. \"This year I went to the Vanchit Vikas at Lohegaon, which is a home for sex workers' children,\" said Rathi.Proprietor of a city-based event creation firm, Suchita Kudale-Motwani, said that her Diwali day begins with a visit to her office, where her brother performs the Laxmi pujan every year. \"This is a traditional puja with a gold or silver coin of the goddess and the traditional 'aarti'. I also buy a new book and pen for office accounting. The puja is followed by distribution of sweets among the staff, lighting 'diyas' in office and making rangoli,\" she said.She said that she would visit her parents at noon, followed by an elaborate family dinner at her brother-in-law's house. \"Also, on the agenda is playing cards, bursting crackers with friends and family,\" she said.Mahrukh Bharucha, proprietor and creative director of a speech, drama, communication skills and language academy, said, \"This year we have seen a slow business, but recession has not dampened our spirits. People are still celebrating with their hearts. We will celebrate by meeting friends and family, exchanging gifts, playing cards, shopping for household goods.\" Though the Bharuchas are Parsis, they celebrate Diwali with full fervour. \"We are Indians first,\" asserted Bharucha.The Malayalee community in the city will also celebrate the festival with equal gusto, said Madhu Nair, president, Poona Keralayee Samaj. \"A special Diwali puja has been organised at the Ayappa temple in Rasta Peth on Tuesday morning. We would also perform a Laxmi pujan at home, followed by distribution of sweets to relatives and bursting firecrackers. In addition, typical South Indian goodies such as 'Mysore pak', 'chivda', 'muruk' and 'laddu' will be prepared,\" said Nair. He added that he would also visit nearby tourist destinations with friends on Thursday, to celebrate the one-day holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17201084", "title": "Theological college staff strike work", "text": "MADURAI: The teachers and non-teaching staff of the Tamil Nadu Theological Seminary (TTS), Madurai went on strike on Monday demanding the resignation of the present principal of the college.The protesters said that the principal should be removed from the post as well as the governing council of the TTS, as a committee was constituted to inquire into various complaints against the institution. If the principal continued to hold the post there were possibilities that the inquiry would be conducted in a partial manner.Meanwhile, the principal M Gnanavaram claimed that he was being unfairly targeted as he came from the dalit community. \"The members of the committee will visit the college within two weeks and present their findings to the governing council, whose decisions are binding,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200285", "title": "Pollution control board on 'no noise' drive", "text": "KOLKATA: The state pollution control board (PCB) and police will keep a hawk eye on 96 highrises in different parts of the city that had burst banned firecrackers last Diwali. They will also maintain a special vigil on state-owned hospitals, particularly BC Roy Institute of Pediatric Sciences and NRS Medical College and Hospital where staffers had burst firecrackers which is against the norms.\"PCB will have 20 monitoring teams doing rounds throughout the night. A couple of them will be deputed to check on government hospitals from where we have received complaints in the past. Others will patrol the city, concentrating on areas that have highrises as its residents have emerged as major violators in the past two years. Last year, violations were recorded at 96 apartment complexes. Though we did not prosecute most of them, we plan to will not be as compassionate this year and treat them as offenders this time,\" said PCB chairman Binoy Kumar Dutta.PCB will also operate a central control room all night on November 12 and 13, to maintain contact between the monitoring teams and police and to receive complaints from people. Apart from the phone numbers 23358212 and 23353919, people can call the PCB has also introduced a toll free line 18003453390 to book complaints.Last week, senior officers of Kolkata Police as well as PCB had met representatives of nearly 500 housing complexes and urged them to celebrate a noise-free Kali Puja and Diwali. \"Last year, residents of nearly 100 highrises locked the gates, went to the roof and burst banned firecrackers to keep our teams at bay. This year, we have asked housing societies to keep the terraces locked. If there is any violation, office-bearers will be held responsible,\" said DC (Arms Act) Ashok Biswas.PCB and police have jointly sent 2,000 letters to office-bearers of housing complexes in Kolkata and suburbs as well as commissionerate areas, requesting them to send action taken report to the concerned police station.PCB will also press into service a mobile air quality monitoring vehicle to collect air samples and monitor air quality, including concentration of metals during the festive days. This is in addition to a number of air quality monitoring stations which regularly operate in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203080", "title": "Sweet box violations have residents complaining", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During the festival season, it is not sweets, but sweet boxes that are raising the hackles of residents.Raids are being conducted on various sweet shops, with the UT metrology department (weights and measurement) receiving many complaints regarding boxes. Name and address of a sweet shop not printed on a box, non-issuance of bills, shop owners giving syrupy sweets in polythene bags, not weighing box filled with sweets in front of customers and refusing to give confection in boxes if less amount is purchased are sending angry residents to the department to lodge complaints.\"A consumer has to ensure a few things before buying sweets. A sweet shop's name and address should be clearly written on box, so that the manufacturer can be traced in case of a complaint. Also, residents should check that weight of sweets does not include that of box. We have advised sweet shop owners to mention the weight of box underneath it,\" Balbir Singh Dhol, controller of metrology department, said. \"Besides, the shops cannot refuse to pack less quantity like 700 grams or 800 grams in a box. And the most crucial point is: customers must take bills. Violators can be challaned from Rs 500 to Rs 25,000, depending on the nature of the offence,\" he added. Raids have been conducted on shops in sectors 23, 44, 45 and Industrial Area.The department has received over 20 complaints regarding anomalies in sweet boxes.Violators can be finedSyrupy sweets should not be given in polythene bags, as these can cause contamination. An inspector-level officer of the metrology department said, \"A manufacturer could be fined if he uses polythene bags to pack sweets or if he refuses to give a bill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "birbhum", "code": "17200304", "title": "Tainted Trinamool Congress leader Ashis Dey in police custody", "text": "BIRBHUM: The ruling party in the state suffered yet another embarrassment on Monday after the chief judicial magistrate in Suri remanded local Trinamool Congress leader Ashis Dey in police custody for five days. Dey, known to be close to party minister Chandranath Sinha and district party president Anubrata Mandal, and his accomplice were booked under the Arms Act for allegedly flaunting a pistol in a bid to intimidate doctors and employees of a private hospital on Friday.The CCTV footage submitted to the court revealed how the Trinamool leader barged into the hospital with a pistol on November 9 and threatened the employees. Dey took to vandalism to apparently settle scores with Debashis Debangshi, a hospital doctor who is also the district secretary of the Trinamool-affiliated doctors' forum. Debangshi reportedly raised his voice against the dalal raj patronized by the accused Trinamool leader.Investigating officer Habibul Hossain had appealed to the court that the police wanted to take the accused in their custody for seizing the firearm that was allegedly used by the accused while barging into the hospital on Friday night.Dey's surrender and the subsequent court order have brought to the fore the ugly factionalism in Trinamool's district unit. Trinamool MP from the district Satabdi Roy and local MLA Swapan Ghosh pointed fingers at Sinha and Mandal for indulging the tainted leader. \"I made it clear that I would come down from the dais if he (Ashis Dey) was on stage,\" the Trinamool MP said.Trinamool district president Anubrata Mandal, however, denied the charge saying that police should take all necessary steps if Dey was found guilty.On his way to the court, Dey on Monday claimed that all charges slapped on him were \"baseless\". He also said that the CCTV footage was forged to nail him. The accused Trinamool leader instead blamed Suri Trinamool MLA Swapan Ghosh for framing him. \"Swapan Ghosh is an insane person,\" Dey said.The Suri Trinamool MLA, however, remained unfazed. \"I do not need any certificate from an antisocial. People of Suri know me well. The police action validates the commitment of the Mamata Banerjee government towards curbing anti-social activities,\" Ghosh said.According to government lawyer Kuntal Chatterjee, the two accused were produced in the court of acting CJM Sourav Jana Roy on Monday. \"They have been booked under sections 25/27 of the Arms Act, among others. They were accused of criminal trespassing, outraging modesty of women, threatening and intimidation,\" Chatterjee said. Dey's defence lawyer Karam Khan questioned the modalities of registering the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17200611", "title": "'Rs 1L cr investments cleared in 18 months'", "text": "KOLKATA: Reacting to former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's take on low investment flows to the state, industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Monday set the record straight by claiming that their 18-month-old government has already cleared 222 proposals. According to him, this envisaged an investment of Rs1.09 lakh crore and would generate employment for 3.09 lakh. \"There are some political jokers who prefer to call this a circus, but we term it as success,\" Chatterjee said.He claimed that during the Left Front tenure, they'd received 4,710 investment proposals, but could implement only 833. \"In our tenure, the group of ministers (GoM) has already cleared 222 proposals with only 16 still awaiting nod,\" the minister told reporters at the Writers'.Chatterjee, in a bid to debunk criticism on the flight of capital, cited six investment proposals which have been recently cleared by the GoM.\"14Y clearances have been given to Rs 137.7-crore Logistic Park and Industrial Hub by the Patton group in Uluberia. A Rs 331-crore Ultratech cement factory at Hooghly's Chanditola has also been cleared. The Rs 1048-crore Ankit Integrated Steel Plant at Bankura's Chatna, Rs 700-crore ACC cement plant at Kharagpur and Rs 500-crore SPS Ispat plant at Bankura's Mezia have also been cleared. In addition, the phase I of the Jindal Steel Works in Salboni has been cleared. This will bring in Rs 20,000 crore investments with a capacity generation of 3 MT,\" he said.The 14Y, according to the minister, relates to relaxing the land ceiling norms for industry. The West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, has a cap of 24 acres of non-irrigated agricultural land and 17 acres of irrigated land which anyone can hold in rural areas. 14Y gives an exemption from this clause for setting up industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199337", "title": "In 2013, local coaches will sport a brighter purple", "text": "MUMBAI: The purple-white colour scheme of the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation's local railway rakes will not just remain unchanged, the purple colour will, in fact, be brightened further for the next lot of rakes that will roll out next year.Between 2007 and 2011, the MRVC had procured 75 white-and-purple 12-car rakes under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project from the Integral Coach Factory (ICF) at Perumbur.The MRVC had toyed with the idea of changing the colour after feedback that the rakes have become an eyesore with paan and gutkha stains on the exterior since these are difficult to erase or dilute even after an intensive wash at maintenance yards.A senior MRVC official said, \"After consulting the stakeholders, we decided against reverting to shades closest to the old, reddish brown-and-yellow rakes even though these camouflaged stains better.\"MRVC official said the purple-white colour is identified with new beginnings in the Mumbai suburban history and reverting to the old colour is not a good idea.When told that these stains stand out prominently on the purple-white colour, he said, \"The new rakes will be made of stainless steel and the difference will be marked when their exterior is cleaned.\"The railways use approximately 500 litres of water to wash a rake, and the average cost of cleaning one 12-car rake is Rs 25,000.MRVC had awarded a fresh consultancy to the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, for a new colour scheme for the 72 rakes that are to be delivered next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17206557", "title": "I'm ready for ED probe, says Lalit Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi today reiterated his willingness to co-operate with the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and income tax authorities.The ED wants to interrogate him regarding the alleged IPL money laundering case.According to sources, the Indian high commission is preparing a note verbale on Lalit Modi that would be sent to the British government.The British high commission would take a decision on Lalit Modi after it receives the note.Modi said that he was willing to face the authorities via video conference or would fly them to London.Earlier, the government had initiated fresh steps to bring back Lalit Modi who is facing charges of financial irregularities in the conduct of the T-20 cricket tournament, from the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17204251", "title": "Joyalukkas to generate 10k more jobs in 3 years", "text": "KOCHI: Joyalukkas Group intends to jack up its workforce from the current level of 5,000 to 15,000 in the next three years, according to Joy Alukkas, chairman of the group.\"By then we would open jewelry shops in 100 cities across the world. The chain currently has 85 outlets in different parts of India and abroad, and we will be opening another 35 soon,'' Joy, who has been listed by the Forbes Asia magazine as one among the 100 richest persons of India, told TOI here.Among the new shops to be opened in the country, seven will be in Andhra Pradesh , with four in Tamil Nadu , three in Karnataka and three in Maharashtra. The group is also planning to open a shop in New York , he said. The group would also embark on a vigorous expansion programme for its recently launched money exchange business. \"Currently, we have money exchanges in the UAE and India. We will soon be starting in Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and Bahrain as well,\" Joy said. Further, Joy Jets, the luxury aviation service headed by Joy, will be acquiring one more business jet early next year, raising its fleet strength to two. It has already placed orders for an eight-seater Embraer business jet. A third eight-seater Embraer business jet will be added to the fleet in 2014, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201499", "title": "A special stall takes centre stage at CII", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Among the many stalls at the recently-concluded \" CII Chandigarh Fair\" at Parade Ground, Sector 17, there was one kiosk that received much attention. What made the stall at social expo pavilion in hall number 6 take the centre stage were its exhibits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d paintings and other art work made by a special 26-year-old youth. During the exhibition, Saurabh Saini, who was born with hearing impairment , received quite a few orders for painting.Saurabh, an arts teacher in a Barwala, Haryana, government school, had started painting at the age of 10.J S Saini, his father, said, \"During his school days, he would pretend that he was doing homework. But actually he would be making sketches of leaders, like Mahatma Gandhi , and Indian and Pakistani cricketers. Realizing his talent, I encouraged him to draw and paint. He first exhibited his work here in 1999 and it received an overwhelming response.He has won national awards in both painting and photography.\"\"When he completed his schooling, we realized that there were not many options for him. Some 200 families that had hearing and speech impaired children got together and started a signature campaign to initiate a special integrated art course for them,\" he added.Because of this sustained campaign, Government College of Art started enrolling special candidates in bachelors in fine art from 2003. Masters in fine art was opened for them last year, he said. CII under its corporate social responsibility initiative provided this platform to Saurabh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203124", "title": "Yet another theft at wedding", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a fresh incident of theft during a marriage ceremony, a juvenile was held while his aide, believed to be an adult, managed to escape with a bag full of cash and jewellery from a hotel in Industrial Area, Phase II, on Saturday night.The incident came to light when marriage attendants observed the suspicious activities of two persons, including a juvenile, who was handing over the bag to his aide. Rajinder Singh of Mohali, in his complaint to police, said, \"Juvenile was apprehended at the exit point of marriage venue but another youth managed to escape with the bag.\" A case was registered at Industrial Area police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199810", "title": "Grand treble for Shubham in junior TT", "text": "MUMBAI: Shubham Ambre completed a treble, claiming the sub-junior, junior and youth crowns in the National Sports Club of India 5-Star Mumbai city district table tennis championship. Shubham, 13, defeated Mudit Dani 11-6, 11-8, 6-11, 7-11, 11-13, 11-4, 11-8 to claim sub-junior crown.He then defeated Mihir Patekar 5-11, 12-10, 11-7, 9-11, 11-2, 11-9 in the juniors final before brushing aside the challenge from third seed Vitraag Mehta, 11-5, 11-7, 6-11, 11-8, 9-11, 11-7, for victory in the youth final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "director", "code": "17199469", "title": "Son of Sardaar: not exactly the 'baap of entertainment'", "text": "Director: Ashwani Dhir Cast: Ajay Devgn, Sanjay Dutt, Sonakshi SinhaSon of Sardaar is amongst that category of films which are devised more as a business proposition over sheer love for cinema. Ajay Devgn decides to produce a film. The story is derived from a South film ( Maryada Ramanna , which in turn was a remake of a 1929 black-n-white silent American film Our Hospitality ) - a supposed sure-shot success formula in contemporary times. The Telugu arena is substituted by a Punjabi backdrop - a milieu more assimilative and accommodating for the national audience. Ashwani Dhir, the director of a sleeper hit ( Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge ) is given the task to go over-the-top to mould himself into another Rohit Shetty. Salman Khan is brought in for a cameo. And a Son of Sardaar is born! Now there is nothing wrong in the concoction as long as it is consistently entertaining. Just that the consistency of this recipe is uneven and unreliable!The film is largely designed as an action-comedy. The basic premise of the film is a revenge-drama arising from a family-feud over generations where Billu (Sanjay Dutt) wants to kill Jassi (Ajay Devgn), the last descendant of his rival family. While that makes up for the conventional action element of the film, what adds uniqueness to it is the comic condition that Jassi is safe as long as he is within Billu's bungalow boundaries. Billu's hospitality ends the moment Jassi steps out of the familial frontier and so Jassi has to devise ways to evade his exit from the house. Predictably Jassi also falls for Balli's sister (Sonakshi Sinha).Alas in this action comedy, the action lacks innovation and the comedy lacks permanence. With action having its limitations, one expects more from the humour quotient but the fun starts just in the pre-interval portions and dissipates soon in the second half. After that the plot keeps beating around the bush with overblown action and underwhelming humour. Too much of time is expended in the exaggerated prologue with multiple disjointed gimmicks, none of which have the expected impact. First Devgn makes an entry, standing atop two galloping horses. Then he dances on the Big Ben clock arm - for no good reason. And finally when he puts his machismo to blatant display, his turban goes in an auto-wrap mode around his head.The Ajay Devgn - Sonakshi Sinha romance track seems hastened and half-baked and is hindered with too many humdrum songs. And chemistry is evidently lacking from the Sanjay Dutt - Juhi Chawla pairing. Then there are cliches galore within the love story limits from the heroine running away from her engagement at the nth hour, and the hero refusing to run away without the family's consent (ala SRK of DDLJ). So beyond the tame love story, the film largely relies on the rivalry between the male leads. While their contention has its moments, one does feel the dialogues and drama could have been stronger here. Also since their disagreement, which forms the crux of the plot, is over a single-point conflict and lacks variety, the film kinda gets monotonous and one-dimensional after a point.Ashwani Dhir, seemingly, employs more energy in penning dialogues than he puts in directing the entire film. His trademark rhyming repartees range from the funny to the flimsy ones. Himesh Reshammiya's music is uninspiring. The usually dependable Aseem Bajaj's cinematography is patchy in portions. Jai Singh Nijjar's airborne action has turned commonplace by now.Ajay Devgn is in comfort zone with the action histrionics but is ill at ease with comedy here. His 'dumb'found expressions and repetitive punch-lines often irritate. Sonakshi Sinha is satisfactory. Juhi Chawla is charming in her chirpy (extended) cameo. Sanjay Dutt looks bloated and exhausted yet commands decent screen presence. With Sanjay Dutt having an authoritative character, his sidekicks Mukul Dev and Vindu Dara Singh are made the scapegoats. Mukul Dev reprises the same drunken character from his last two films - Yamla Pagla Deewana and Chaar Din Ki Chandni . Arjan Bajwa gets absolutely no scope.Son of Sardaar had the potential, but falls short of being the 'baap of entertainment'. Until we grow up to more coherent comedies, make do with some juvenile jokes.Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17200135", "title": "Civic chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s absence sparks row at Nashik Municipal Corporation meet", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee meeting witnessed a heated discussion on Monday over the absence of municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and his deputies at the meeting.Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse lambasted municipal officials for staying away from the civic panel's meetings.Members urged Nimse to ask senior municipal officials present as to why the municipal commissioner and his deputies were not in attendance at the meeting.Dinkar Patil from the Congress questioned why Khandare did not attend standing committee meetings. \"Both, the municipal commissioner and deputy municipal commissioner are not present today at the meeting. Is this not an insult to the standing committee ?\" Patil asked.Prakash Londhe of RPI (A) said that the municipal commissioner would have to attend the committee's meetings. He could send his deputy for meeting only in case of his own absence. Londhe urged the chairman to ask the civic administration what the rights of the municipal commissioner were, to which deputy commissioner R H Bahiram said that the municipal commissioner is an independent authority. Bahiram added that he could not clarify more.\"The deputy sent by the commissioner can attend the proceedings of the meetings in his absence,\" municipal secretary A B Deshmukh said.Uddhav Nimse said that if the Khandare couldn't attend the meetings, he should, at the very least, send his deputy. Nimse also said that action would be initiated against municipal officials not attending the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17201010", "title": "Maoists plan big strikes in November, give cops the jitters", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what could be a worry for the security forces on the Andhra-Odisha Border (AOB), Maoists are planning to launch major strikes and violent attacks during the People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) week in November-end when they plan to pay tributes to their slain leaders, including top gun Mallojula Koteswara Rao alias Kishanji.Ironically, Kishanji, who controlled the Maoist operations in eastern India, was killed in an alleged encounter in Burisole forest area in west Midnapore of West Bengal on November 24 last year when he was on his way to attend a PLGA meeting.The security forces in Chhattisgarh and AOB are suspecting large-scale violence by the Maoists during this year's PLGA week as it is being observed to coincide with the first death anniversary of Kishanji.\"Besides, they have formed a new combat force on the borders of Chhattisgarh-Maharashtra-Odisha, with links to Andhra Pradesh areas to take on the security forces and foment trouble,\" sources said.Highly-placed sources told TOI that the Maoist party had advanced its week-long PLGA celebrations to November 24 to coincide with Kishanji's martyrdom. PLGA week otherwise is observed every year from December 2. This is the first time that the PLGA week has been advanced after the formation of the guerrilla wing in 2000. Sources said the Maoist top brass has already taken key leaders into confidence on the PLGA anniversary.Party posters urging the people to observe the PLGA week from November 24 in a big way have sprung up in interior pockets and thick forest areas of AOB and Venkatapuram, Koonavaram and Charla mandals in Khammam district, bordering Chhattisgarh. A senior police officer involved in anti-Maoist operations told TOI the rebels could resort to surprise ambushes. \"They are desperate and could go the whole hog to showcase their presence in the region,\" he said.It is learnt that the new border force of Maoists is infused with young blood with all its cadres aged below 20 years. \"The Maoist leadership has already issued orders to key leaders to observe tactical counter-offensive campaign (TCOC) to confuse the security forces in AOB and AP-Chhattisagarh border areas,\" sources said.TCOC is nothing but diverting the focus of the security forces to escalate violence.It was Kishanji who played a big role in PLGA, the Maoist military arm, to acquire a lethal combative prowess, a senior analyst said.\"So, it is in fitness of things that the Maoist leadership has decided to pay tributes to Kishanji by holding the PLGA in November last week,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17200992", "title": "Mom accuses school of barring son from exam", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the latest case of alleged discrimination, parents of a class 10-student of a city school submitted a petition to the Coimbatore district collector on Monday alleging that their son was not being allowed to appear for the class 10 examination as his academic performance was poor. The parents say that the school has taken this stand to achieve perfect 'first class' results.T N Umamaheswari, a resident of Singanallur submitted a petition to the district collector on Monday at the grievance day meet, alleging that her son who was studying at the Hindustan Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Sowripalayam was not been allowed to attend the quarterly examinations and his name was not included in the list of students to appear for the public examination this academic year. \"School officials say that since he is weak in studies they will not allow him to sit for the public exams,\" she said.According to her, her son was a weak in French and Mathematics. He joined the school as a class 6 student and was forced to take French even though he preferred to take Tamil or Hindi. This is one reason for his poor performance, she said. \"Each year he was promoted to the next class and now in class 10, he has been made a scapegoat simply because the school fears that he will dampen the overall performance of the school,\" the boy's mother said.The school management has denied these allegations. A Shanpagavalli, the principal of the school said that the student had not been attending class for the past one month. \"He had appeared for the last quarterly examination. The boy is weak in all subjects and his parents are not taking any responsibility for his studies,\" she said. He was not forced to take French as alleged. Neither did they tell the student not to appear for the public examinations, she claimed.T N Umamaheswari, a resident of Singanallur submitted a petition to the district collector alleging that her son was not included in the list of students to appear for the public examination this academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17199742", "title": "Investment fraud: 94 accounts opened in 20 banks", "text": "NEW DELHI: From being a modest construction material supplier, Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire (33) has come to possess Rs 100 crore and own 94 bank accounts in a short span of nine years.Ulhas alias Lokeshwar Dev alias Dr Raj Kumar Maheswari, son of a wine shop owner from Nagpur in Maharashtra, had left studies in Class XI and soon found an associate with whom he opened a construction company. In 2003, Ulhas got involved in a land fraud and his partner went to police. Ulhas was arrested but got bail in 2004. He promptly stopped going to court and left Nagpur never to return again. His elder brother and sister eventually severed all ties with him.After leaving Nagpur, Ulhas's first stop was Pune where he worked at a call centre. Unhappy with what he was earning, he shifted to Bangalore where he joined a finance company. It was here that Ulhas met Raksha J Urs, a girl from Mysore in Karnataka who had lost her father early and was working as a receptionist. A Class X pass, she had done a two-year course in photo journalism. They got married in 2005.Raksha eventually became his partner in crime. She was the only person with whom Ulhas ever shared his secrets. In the next few years, they had opened 94 accounts in 20 different banks across the country under 13 fake names.They soon left Bangalore and reached Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh under the assumed names of Rohit and Kanchan Khatri and joined a call center. The couple got involved in active crime here. \"Ulhas first got a fake driving licence, then obtained a PAN card and used these to obtain credit cards,\" said joint CP (EOW) Sandeep Goel. They used seven-eight credit cards for a month and then left Lucknow.\"In 2006, they went off to Ahmedabad in Gujarat as Dr Raj Zaveri and Dr Priya Zaveri and later headed to Bhubaneswar in Orissa and then to Raipur, Chhattisgarh, and operated in the same manner. It was in Raipur in 2009 that banks found out about their fraudulent ways and stopped issuing credit cards to them,\" added Goel.With this modus operandi failing, the couple changed their tactics in 2009. They moved to Dehradun as Dr Rakesh Kumar Maheshwari and Dr Prachi Maheshwari and opened an Institute of Psychotherapy and Counselling. They collected vast sums and fled to Delhi in December 2009 under the names of Lokeshwar Dev and Priyanka Dev. Initially, they took up a flat in West Patel Nagar and started running advertisements in newspapers about investment tips in stocks. Subsequently, they started many firms like Stock Guru India, SGI Research &amp; Analysis, SGI Buildtech, SGI Beverages, SGI Securities, G3 Commodities and Coppertrenz from Moti Nagar and collected enormous funds on the pretext of providing huge returns.In July 2011, they escaped to Goa and then to Ratnagiri. Ulhas started a share trade business in the name of JVG Securities with offices in Ratnagiri and Mumbai, while Raksha launched a media business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17201159", "title": "One in three babies born now will live to be 100", "text": "LONDON: Long life ahead! A third of new generation babies are expected to survive to celebrate their 100th birthday, thanks to improvement in living standards and medicine, a new study claims. Dubbed the \"new centenarians\" because they have a one in three chance of reaching the age of 100, today's babies will work until the age of 70, be saddled with student debt until 52 and get married eight years later than their grandparents, researchers say.The report predicts a dramatically different life for these babies from the one experienced by their parents and grandparents, the 'Daily Mail' reported.It assumes the parents of these new centenarians were born in 1983 and their grandparents were born in 1957.On average, a new centenarian will have their first baby at the age of 31, which is two years later than their parents and five years later than their grandparents, who had their first child at 26. The report expects \"an increasing proportion of people will either have no children or just one child\", with many blaming the huge cost of living.While their grandparents typically got married at the age of 25 and spent 4,400 on their wedding, the new centenarian will walk up the aisle at 33 and spend around 39,000. In their twenties, they will face \"a hat-trick of financial pressures\" unlike those experienced by either their parents or grandparents.The report by a Scottish investment firm is based on interviews with 1,000 parents with children under the age of five as well as an analysis of official figures from the Office for National Statistics .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17206985", "title": "Experts discuss technologies with potential to improve disaster management techniques", "text": "Bangalore: A recent national workshop on disaster management in India held in the city saw experts discuss technologies that have the potential to improve community resilience in preparation, response and recovery from emergencies of all kinds.Organised by REVA Institute of Technology and Managament, in association with Geological Society of India, an approximate 200 students from across the country participated in the two day event.\"Our country has experienced several natural and chemical disasters in the past with subsequent loss of human life and property. As on date, many parts of the country are reeling under famine or drought situations. Although both government and non-government organisations are doing their best, it is generally considered that the measures taken are not adequate and there is an urgent need to look into all facets of the issue and emerge with more effective means of combating disasters,\" said Harsha K Gupta, member of National Disaster Management Authority, Government of India.Explaining the causes of disasters in India, Geological Society of India vice-president, S V Srikantia spoke also about nuclear disasters.Natural disasters like earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, droughts, fire disasters, land slides etc were covered at the event and their cause and effect relationship established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204070", "title": "CM Tarun Gogoi to release book on Mamoni works", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fans of Mamoni Raisom Goswami and avid litterateurs can now have an opportunity to read some of her short stories, poems and articles written and published almost half a century ago but were deemed lost.\"Sahasra Baahu (thousand arms), presumably, the last book written by Goswami, will be released on Wednesday by chief minsiter Tarun Gogoi on the occasion of her birth anniversary. The book, a compilation of short stories, poems, and articles written by the Jnanpith Award winning novelist, also consists of articles and dissertations on her written by other writers as well.\"There are seven to eight short stories that were written by Mamoni Raisom Goswami during the Fifties. They were considered lost and the book will highlight the writer's literary skills. The stories will be republished through the release of the book. Besides the short stories, the book also contains some of her old poems and articles,\" said Sabita Sarma, the sister of the novelist and a member of South East Asian Ramayana Institute.Goswami passed away last year. On the occasion of her first death anniversary on November 29, the trust body of the institute will commemorate the occasion. The commemoration of the events will be held both in the city and at Aamranga, her native village. A statue of her will be unveiled in both the places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17201242", "title": "Eating more to help beat the blues?", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian researchers are conducting the world's first clinical study to determine whether an improved diet can help people suffering from major depression. Scientist Felice Jaka said the researchers will specifically look into whether a Mediterranean and red meat diet can alleviate depressive symptoms. \"Diet quality seems to be related to the risk of depression and anxiety,\" Jaka said.\"But of course a different question is if you're already depressed, does improving your diet actually help?\" she said.Scientists at Victoria's Deakin University, St Vincent's Hospital and Barwon Health are recruiting 200 people in Melbourne and Geelong to take part in the study. \"The Mediterranean diet is very healthy and that's one that has lots of plant foods and vegetables and fruits, whole grains and fish but our research has indicated that red meat may also be important,\" she said.Jaka further said it was unlikely a change of diet would form the primary treatment of depression. \"Anti-depression medications are very helpful to many people and very important to take but for some people they are not effective, so we certainly wouldn't see this as an either-or,\" she said. \"We would see this very much as supporting any other sort of therapy that people may be on but for some people it actually may be enough in and of itself. It's one of the things we'll be looking at,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17200919", "title": "4-member robbers gang arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chikkadpally police have arrested a four-member gang of robbers and recovered 25 tolas of stolen gold from their possession.Police have arrested M Mahesh Kumar, 28, of Domalguda, M Naveen Kumar, 27, of New Mallepally, D Prasad, 27 of Jagadgirigutta and S Sudhakar, 34, of Khairathabad.On April 25, the four had committed robbery at one Venkata Rama Narasimha Chary's house at Domalguda. The gang gained entry into the house by posing as electricity department officials. After entering the house, they had threatened Chary and his wife Atulyamma with knives and took away 25 tolas of gold and Rs 1.4 lakh cash, the Chikkadpally police said.During investigation, police discovered that Mahesh Kumar was a family friend of the victims and on the day of the offence, he was found in the vicinity of the house. Police took Mahesh into custody for questioning and during interrogation, he confessed about committing the robbery along with the other culprits. Mahesh said that while he was waiting outside, the trio entered the house and committed the robbery.Based on the confession of Mahesh, police arrested the other culprits from their houses on Sunday and recovered the entire stolen gold from two pawn brokers in Ashok Nagar and Asif Nagar. The arrested persons along with the stolen property were produced in court. Later, they were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17205629", "title": "Australia's Melissa Bulow retires from international cricket", "text": "MUMBAI: Commonwealth Bank Southern Stars contracted player and Konica Milnolta Queensland Fire player Melissa Bulow has today announced her retirement from international cricket. She will still continue to play domestic cricket for the Queensland Fire in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL).Bulow made her international debut in 2003 in an ODI against India. She went on to play for Australia in two Tests, 19 ODIs and two T20 internationals.Bulow returned to the WNCL last season after a 12-month hiatus and was added to the Commonwealth Bank Southern Stars 2012-13 squad after a fantastic T20 season for the Queensland Fire where she was the leading runs scorer, scoring 505 runs at an average of 50.5.She has won the Fire Player of the Year four times and was the WNCL Player of the Year in 2006-07. Bulow said the decision to retire from international cricket did not come easy.\"I have had a wonderful career playing for Australia and have made some amazing memories and friendships along the way. I still love playing cricket but feel now was the right time to step away from international duties.My passion and focus for the game is still there and look forward to continuing the domestic season with the Fire.\"I would really like thank the coaches, selectors and support staff that have helped me through the years, their guidance has been invaluable,\" Bulow said.Women's National Selection Panel (WNSP) Chair Julie Savage said: \"Mel returned to the Southern Stars squad, after a period out of the game, on the strength of some outstanding domestic form, so the WNSP are pleased that despite Mel's retirement from international cricket, she will still don the maroon colours for Queensland Fire.\"Bulow was scheduled to play in the Commonwealth Bank Shooting Stars Series against New Zealand emerging players starting Wednesday in Sydney but has now been replaced by NSW's Sarah Coyte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17201076", "title": "Police probing Gulf links of accused in sex racket case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team, that investigates the sex racket case, is probing into the gulf links of the accused in the case.Police have extended investigation to the relatives of the accused as they suspect many of those accused in the case might have escaped to Gulf countries.\"The investigation is progressing in the right direction and some of the accused are returning from their hideaways,\" said district police chief G Sparjan Kumar. \"We are moving ahead with grassroots level investigation, however, the investigation will take some more time to complete as a lot of people are involved in the case,\" he added.The SIT is also planning to issue lookout circulars against four suspects, Kunjippa, alias Salim, a contractor from Valancherry and Sathar, Ayoob and Faizal, all hailing from Valanchery. All the four, according to the police, have close links with Dijo, one of the main accused in the case.The sex racket was busted on October 23 from an apartment at Parayanchery by a police team led by assistant commissioner (North) Prince Abraham.Five persons were arrested from the apartment that day. The police, till date, have arrested 15 accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202253", "title": "Bullet Raja's unit member injured in Papermill Colony", "text": "LUCKNOW: A unit member of Saif Ali Khan starrer 'Bullet Raja' was shot at by an advocate, late on Monday night at Papermill Colony. The members were staying in a rented accommodation in the colony. In the said incident, the team members were having a party on the terrace on Diwali eve. The men were joined by an advocate named Pradeep Singh Rana, who stayed next to house, where unit members were staying.Rana also joined the members as he had acquainted some of them in past few days, being their neighbours. While drinking, he had an argument with a man identified as Nisar alias Rajan (32). Rana shot at Nisar with his licensed gun following the spat. The bullet hit left hand of Nisar and he was rushed to trauma centre.Meanwhile, the accused fled the scene soon after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17200897", "title": "Three free dialysis centres to come up in city by mid-2013", "text": "CHENNAI: Three more dialysis centres are to be set up in the city by the Chennai Corporation to provide free dialysis sessions and treatment of kidney diseases.The corporation is in the process of identifying a vacant space or building for the centres which are likely to come up at Thiruvanmiyur, Saidapet and EVR Periyar Salai. \"We have not decided on a location yet, but it should not be a problem because we have large offices and buildings in all areas. A few rooms need to be fitted with equipment and converted to laboratories,\" said a senior official.This move follows the realization that the waiting list of patients at the existing dialysis centres at Valluvar Kottam and Perambur was too long. \"We didn't want to add too many patients because they required sessions every other day, and so had to turn away many. Perambur and Valluvar Kottam were too far away for people in the southern areas,\" the official said. The two centres treated 491 and 544 patients regularly for the last one year.The corporation expects the new centres to be up and running by mid-2013. Though they will be open to all, preference will be given to those from the poorest sections. \"People from middle class families will also be given the facility free of cost, as we work on government hospitals model,\" said the official.The initiative is timely, say doctors and NGOs working with kidney failure patients across the city. Tamil Nadu , at any given time, has 600 patients waiting for a cadaver organ transplant, making them candidates for dialysis. \"Kidney failure caused mainly by hypertension and diabetes is on the rise because of changes in lifestyle habits,\" says TANKER foundation managing director Latha Kumaraswami.The foundation has 18 machines and provides subsidized dialysis sessions at 375 a session and performs kidney replacement surgeries for people from economically backward sections. The centres become crucial given that a dialysis session at a private hospital costs 800-1900 and patients require 2-3 sessions a week.\"It comes to nearly 20,000 a month, unaffordable for even low middle class families,\" says Latha. TANKER treats around 178 patients in the city, and works with donations to bridge the cost, while waiting to apply for a tie-up with the chief minister's health insurance scheme to provide free treatment for BPL people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur/new delhi", "code": "17203983", "title": "RSS blames Modi for anti-Gadkari campaign", "text": "NAGPUR/NEW DELHI: Factional faultlines in BJP over the demand that party president Nitin Gadkari quit over controversial business dealings relating to the Purti group have been exposed with RSS veteran M G Vaidya blaming Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for masterminding attacks on the leader.Vaidya's blog stating the \"needle of suspicion\" for the campaign against Gadkari pointed to Gujarat set the cat among the pigeons in BJP-RSS circles as the former ideologue openly said what has been whispered in defence of the BJP chief by factions apprehensive about Modi's rise.BJP leaders favouring Gadkari have argued that he should not be judged by a \"media trial\". Some of these leaders are not as enamoured with Gadkari as they are worried that the scenario after his exit may not suit their interests. There are others who feel more proof is needed before Gadkari is asked to go.Coming in the midst of Modi's campaign for a third successive term as Gujarat CM, Vaidya's remarks forced BJP to run for cover, denying the \"insinuation\" and claiming that all leaders were united in seeking an electoral victory for the party in the western state.RSS was also forced to state that the views did not reflect its thinking but Vaidya's frank comments only served to highlight the divisions in the saffron mother outfit over deciding whether its protege - who it nominated over senior BJP leaders as party chief - should stay or go.The chasm in RSS, according to some, has seen the organization's Maharashtra leaders, mainly Brahmins, stoutly defending Gadkari just as the state BJP unit is. However, there are other RSS leaders who are not so sure about Gadkari continuing as some feel he may be a liability in view of the controversy surrounding Purti.Modi supporters and his allies in BJP maintain Gadkari's troubles are of his own making and that they have little to do with revelations about the dealings of the Purti group founded by the Nagpur-based leader or the investors who poured funds into the venture.Vaidya's unhindered observations prompted Gadkari to issue a statement describing the allegations regarding Modi as \"unfounded\" but this hardly quelled conspiracy theories about alignments within BJP and RSS over the party president and the saffron icon.The split in BJP over whether Gadkari should immediately put in his papers has seen leaders like Yashwant Sinha and Jaswant Singh supporting Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani's view that propriety demands that the party chief must resign forthwith. They were joined by national executive member Jagdish Shettigar.RSS so far has accepted the \"clean chit\" handed to Gadkari by chartered accountant S Gurumurthy - considered close to the Sangh - and has repeatedly said it will not be swayed by a \"media trial\". Yet, Vaidya's fulminations are sure to be deeply embarrassing as they reveal BJP's factional war have percolated to the RSS as well.Vaidya has a reputation for stoking controversy. His criticism of Modi is said to be in part rooted in his son Manmohan and the Gujarat CM being at odds. However, the remarks came soon after Modi visited RSS headquarters for a meeting seen as a bid to rally all saffron forces to the BJP's cause in Gujarat.The RSS senior in his blog sought to link Jethmalani to Modi, seeing a design in the lawyer recently calling for the CM's projection as BJP's prime ministerial nominee. \"Jethmalani demanded Gadkari's resignation and, in the same breath, expressed his desire to project Modi as PM candidate for the 2014 elections. For me, this was a giveaway,\" Vaidya said.He did not retract even in the face of clarifications and said, \"He (Modi) has every right to aspire for the highest post in the country.But the way Jethmalani spoke against Gadkari and his son Mahesh resigned from the BJP executive were indicative of rumblings within the BJP. This public show of disunity may not augur well for a party hoping to win the next elections.\"Vaidya maintained that he, like the rank and file of BJP, wanted to see a united party. But views expressed in the blog suggest that things are not going to be smooth for the party. He attacked Jethmalani for not quitting his Rajya Sabha seat if he felt so strongly about Gadkari.RSS official spokesperson Ram Madhav said the views expressed in the blog by Vaidya were personal and this was \"not the official RSS line\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17204256", "title": "Special investigation team investigating sex racket case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team, that investigates the sex racket case, is probing into the gulf links of the accused in the case.Police have extended investigation to the relatives of the accused as they suspect many of those accused in the case might have escaped to Gulf countries.\"The investigation is progressing in the right direction and some of the accused are returning from their hideaways,\" said district police chief G Sparjan Kumar. \"We are moving ahead with grassroots level investigation, however, the investigation will take some more time to complete as a lot of people are involved in the case,\" he added.The SIT is also planning to issue lookout circulars against four suspects, Kunjippa, alias Salim, a contractor from Valancherry and Sathar, Ayoob and Faizal, all hailing from Valanchery. All the four, according to the police, have close links with Dijo, one of the main accused in the case.The sex racket was busted on October 23 from an apartment at Parayanchery by a police team led by assistant commissioner (North) Prince Abraham.Five persons were arrested from the apartment that day. The police, till date, have arrested 15 accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203391", "title": "Dhanteras fails to restore glitter to costly gold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Skyrocketing prices of gold may not have affected desire but has severely dented demand. This festive season, even faith failed to induce people to buy gold. Dhanteras, considered one of the most auspicious occasions to buy gold, did not cause the customary flurry in jewellery shops, with people opting for more affordable ways to follow tradition. There were buyers, but the reluctant trickle was a distant cry from the frenzied rush that marks this festival.According to city jewellers, gold sales took a beating with demand falling by as much as 30 to 40%. Dhanteras did bring some relief to jewellers but not enough to offset the plummeting demand over the past few days. \"Things don't look good for us with the sale of gold going down by almost 40% as compared to the corresponding period last year. Rise in gold prices has affected sales and we are not sure how much prices will rise over the coming few days,\" Ludhiana Jewellers Association president Anand Sikri said.Except for people who have to host marriages or get married themselves, gold does not seem to be high on the public priority list, an ominous trend for jewellers. Punjab Swarankar Sangh district secretary Gopal Bhandari conceded with some trepidation that Dhanteras lacked its glitter. \"Sale of gold fell sharply this year mainly due to fluctuation in prices. People are hesitant to buy gold, except if they have a wedding coming up,\" he observed.Vineet Dhanda, another member of the Punjab Swarankar Sangh expressed concern over the declining demand and said uncertainty over bullion price would cost jewellers dear.The fluctuating prices caused much confusion among buyers, many of whom had to change their plans at the last minute when prices spiked after a lull. \"Prices of gold went down but rose again. We were planning to buy gold on Dhanteras but I settled for some gold coins for my family,\" Rajiv Sharma, a businessman from Rajguru Nagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202273", "title": "Cops arrest woman's killers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police arrested the murder accused of woman whose body was found in Akash Enclave, located near Vrindavan Yojana on Rae Bareli Road on November 6. The two accused Anantu and Ravindra were nabbed by the police near Shanidev's temple in Telibagh on Monday morning.The two used to work with deceased Meena Devi at a construction site as daily wage labourers. The son of the deceased had mentioned the name of the duo in his complaint to the police. The duo had a drinking session with Meena and her son inside their shanty and strangulated Meena later in the night. The duo is from West Bengal and was arrested following a tip-off.In a separate incident the body of a 60-year-old woman was found by police in Malihabad on Monday morning. The body of the deceased woman was found off Hardoi Road around 10 a.m. The woman died due to illness, according to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201873", "title": "Relighting lamp of tradition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This Diwali, Rashmi Soni wishes to ensure that her children follow the practices she had adhered to as a child. This bonding process guarantees that her children are not alienated from age-old customs. She hopes to revive the tradition in her family of visiting relatives on this auspicious day with homemade sweets such as mohanthaal, ghungra, and sukhdi.\"The exchange of gifts and sweets is an old custom of Diwali. It was a great opportunity to visit your family and friends ,\" says Soni.Aditi Shah, a homemaker, says, \"The value of relations is fading. There are more nuclear families so the sense of sharing has diminished.\" Everyone is concentrating on their personal growth, Shah says. \"We need to revive the age-old culture of bonding,\" she says.For Parul Buch, sending letters and greeting cards to family members is a cherished tradition. This festival has an entirely different meaning for Ashish Nahata, who is from Rajasthan. He says in his hometown, Diwali would mean \"sending different homemade sweets to the houses of one's colony.\" Fireworks , which are now the major attraction, were not encouraged as much before, he says. \"Homes would be decorated with diyas and candles to welcome the Goddess Lakshmi,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17201526", "title": "BMC must prevent laptop misuse", "text": "Considering that in the first attempt, the corporators misused the laptops, the BMC should ensure that it is not repeated. It is unfortunate that the corporators showed little interest and that too when the government is working towards increasing the level of connectivity. BMC has to keep in mind that the money collected from public is spent on purchase of laptops and the corporators utilize it for public benefits. Apart from being eco-friendly, this move will bring in transparency in the corporation's daily affairs.Related story : Corporators to get laptops with civic software", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17202327", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan's poster row settled", "text": "PATNA: Responding to his fans' reactions on Monday, superstar Amitabh Bachchan conveyed to the Kaimur police that the matter was settled now and he would take no legal action against them for using his photographs on the posters meant for 'Adhaura-30' campaign. \"All the posters were removed from the district. Bachchanji has also conveyed a message that the matter is settled and no legal action will be taken against anybody,\" SP, Kaimur, Uma Shankar Sudhanshu told TOI.Additional SP (operations), Adhaura (Kaimur), Manoj Kumar Yadav said the posters were used as a part of community policing in the backward areas of Kaimur. \"There are a large number of unemployed youth in the naval-hit district. They don't know about the professional courses they can pursue for employment. The poster which said 'Gyan hi aapko aapka haq dila sakta hai' motivated the youth to prepare for jobs in different government sectors,\" he said.\"The security forces always try to motivate the youth. It is not possible for the security personnel to provide them higher education, but the popular personalities can always motivate the young minds to join the mainstream of society,\" he added. There were numerous reactions to the Bachchan's tweet expressing his ire over the use of his photograph on the posters of 'Adhaura-30' campaign by Kaimur police. Aditya Sharma from Rewa posted in his Facebook account on Monday, \"I know ki iske life aapse permission leni chahiye but agar aapka naam use karke logo ke bitch jagrukata lai ja sakti hain to ye aapke life garv ki beat hai na ki Bihar police ke life sir, kyunki you are a role model for all India guys (Bihar police should have taken your prior permission for using the picture. But it's a matter of pride for you, and not for Bihar police, that your name was used to create awareness among the youth of the backward areas. You are the role model for India youth).\"Another follower of the Big B page, Soumitra Bhattacharya from Bhilai wrote, \"Aap ki file dekh-dekh kar logo me anyway ke khilaf lane ki himmat aayi hai. Aage aap malik hain jaisa aap chahte hai hona visa hin chahiye (Your films taught the Indian youth to fight against injustice. Rest depends on you how ...).\"Sudeep Sinha from the US commented, \"That's fine Mr. Bachchan Sir, but DGP, Bihar, and SP, Kaimur gave a statement on some news channel that you are a role model and they have been using your pic for training their trainees. It was solely done with good intentions, nothing bad in their minds. They should have taken your prior permission... Hope you can understand the sentiments of about 50 million Biharis who are your great fans).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17200991", "title": "Kottaipalayam residents seek to curb pig menace", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ward members and residents of Kottaipalayam village on Monday submitted a petition to the district administration seeking action against a pig farm located in the vicinity for creating nuisance to the public.The residents complained that many people have met with accidents as the pigs roam around the streets in the area. Besides, these animals could create serious health problem for residents as they could spread disease, they said.\"At least 20 accidents took place recently on the A S Kulam Main Road where the pigs roam freely. The motorists are unable to view the animals during the evening hours and they end up hitting the animals,\" said Shamugham Sundaram, a resident and ward councillor.The pig farm is run by a woman named Sellammal, who hardly bothers to listen to the warnings of panchayat and health department officials, he said.\"We want the pigs to be moved to an area where there won't be a problem for the residents and motorists,\" G Narayanasamy, another resident here said.When contacted, Sellammal was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17203522", "title": "Barack Obama invites Indra Nooyi for consultations on economy", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has invited at least three Indian-Americans, including PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi , as part of his wider consultations with leaders from business, labour, civic community and Congress on the current economic crisis.Neera Tandon, president of the Centre for American Progress, an eminent US think-tank based in Washington and Deepak Bhargava from the Centre for Community Change are the other Indian-Americans to have been invited by Obama for consultations, a White House official said.The US President this week will meet leaders from the business, labour, progressive and civic community, as well as Congressional leadership, to have discussion about the best ways to move the economy forward and find a balanced approach to reduce the deficit, the official said.\"On Tuesday Obama will attend a meeting with labour and progressive leaders.On Wednesday, the President will meet with leaders from the business community,\" the official said.Neera Tandon and Deepak Bhargava have been invited to attend the White House meeting with Obama on Tuesday.Others attending the meeting are Kay Henry from Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Lee Saunders, from American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME); Dennis Van Roekel from National Education Association (NEA), Rich Trumka from American Federation of Labour and Congress of Industrial Organisations (AFL-CIO).The list also includes John Podesta from Centre for American Progress; Bob Greenstein, Centre for Budget and Policy Priorities; Laura Burton Capps, Common Purpose Project; Max Richtman, National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare and Justin Ruben from MoveOn.\"The President and the vice-president will attend a meeting with leaders from the labour community and other progressive leaders to discuss the actions we need to take to keep our economy growing and find a balanced approach to reduce our deficit,\" the White House said yesterday.Obama has invited prominent American CEOs for consultations on Wednesday.Besides Indra Nooyi, others invited for the meeting tomorrow includes Mark Bertolini (President, Chairman and CEO, Aetna), Ursula Burns (Chairman and CEO, Xerox ), Kenneth I.Other invitees are Chenault (Chairman and CEO, American Express Company ), David Cote, (Chairman and CEO, Honeywell ), Mike Duke (President and CEO, Walmart ), Jeff Immelt (Chairman and CEO, General Electric ), Andrew Liveris (President, Chairman and CEO, Dow), Robert McDonald (President and CEO, Proctor &amp; Gamble), Alan Mulally (President and CEO, Ford ), Ginni Rometty (President, Chairman and CEO, IBM ) and John Watson (Chairman and CEO, Chevron).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17203758", "title": "Women's panel blames cops for delaying arrest", "text": "KEONJHAR: A five-member team of Jharkhand's State Commission for Women, investigating a dowry case, reviewed action taken by local police against the accused.According to members of the commission, who arrived in Keonjhar on Sunday, local police are delaying arrest of Debiprasad Kar, the main accused in the case. \"Despite a written complaint, police have not arrested the main accused and have not recovered the dowry items. However, they have assured us that the main accused will be arrested in a week,\" Ghosh told mediapersons after the team met A K Das, sub-divisional police officer, Champua police station.Debiprasad, a resident of Champua, married Reshmi, daughter of Sudhansu Sekhar Satpathy of Krushnapur village in Sareikela in Jharkhand, on January 20. The bride's family had given a car, Rs 2 lakh, 200 gm of gold ornaments and other items as dowry. But Reshmi was tortured for more money. in-laws started torturing her just two months after marriage and demanded more money.Sudhansu then rushed to Jharkhand and lodged a complaint with Champua police station and rescued Reshmi.Reshmi, who had been locked inside a room, was later rescued. Police arrested her in-laws and forwarded them to a local court that remanded them in judicial custody. However, they were released on bail the next day.Alleging that the Keonjhar police did not co-operate in arresting the main accused and recovering the dowry items, Sudhansu lodged a complaint with the State Commission for Women in Jharkhand.\"Two persons have already been arrested in this connection and the main accused will be arrested soon,\" said SDPO Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199251", "title": "'I didn't want to kill Aryanka, only deface and scare her'", "text": "MUMBAI: Jerrit John, the short-film producer arrested on Saturday for a chemical attack on physiotherapist Aryanka Hozbektar, has told the police he did not buy the liquid with the intention of throwing it on the victim. \"My intention was not to kill her, but to deface and scare her,\" John is learnt to have told the police.\"During our preliminary questioning, John told us he uses chemicals for his work at his production house. He said he bought the chemical, as usual, for his work, but threw it at Aryanka in a furious state of mind,\" said a police source. \"We are yet to subject John to sustained interrogation. Due to Diwali bandobast, we did not get the time to properly interrogate him. The Dadar police will question him on Tuesday.\"After his remand on Sunday in police custody till November 16, John was taken to Mahim's central lockup. The source said a police team will set about verifying John's claims after recording the statements of his office staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17204244", "title": "Lufthansa to use IBS solution for air cargo management", "text": "KOCHI: Technopark-based IBS Software Services (IBS) has won a major contract from European cargo airline Lufthansa Cargo AG to implement iCargo, an air cargo management solution developed by IBS.The deal, supposed to be one of the largest in the air cargo industry, is also viewed as a significant achievement for the Indian IT industry. \"We can confirm having signed the contracts with IBS,\" Matthias Eberle, director of communications of Lufthansa Cargo, replied to an email query of The Times of India. The company is planning a press conference with IBS in Thiruvananthapuram on November 25 to announce the deal.IBS developed iCargo in collaboration with major airlines like South African Airways Cargo, Gulf Air, Air New Zealand Cargo, Qantas Freight and Australian Air Express. The solution helps airlines to improve cargo revenues and volumes, along with profitability and customer service, while cutting down operational costs. Other iCargo users include Austrian Airlines , Nippon Cargo Airways, All Nippon Airways and Tokyo International Air Cargo Terminal.IBS, founded by Kochi-born V K Mathews in 1997, is also planning an Initial Public Offering (IPO) in 2013. The company had attracted $60 million (Rs 330 crore) investment from General Atlantic LLC, a US-based private equity and venture capital firm, in 2007. In the last decade, IBS acquired five companies in the US and UK.Frankfurt-based Lufthansa, the largest scheduled cargo airline in Europe, handled 1,885 tonnes of cargo in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17201480", "title": "Fireworks get bigger, better, more creative", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to invading the market during the festive season, the firecracker business occupies a huge share of the pie. Available in different shapes and sizes, the latest firecrackers in market are a real treat to the eyes. And with the large variety available in the market, shoppers too scour the market thoroughly before making a buy in order to grab the best deal.While the prices of firecrackers have gone up considerably this festive season, their popularity is yet to see a significant dip. \"Anaars, 12 feet sparklers, big chakras, rockets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d crackers are available in nearly 2,000 different varieties and its impossible to choose. We loved the bottle look of 'anaar' and ended up buying a whole packet besides other varieties,\"' said Subadha Pathania, a resident of Sector 19.Traders say while the buyers are resisting buying a lot of crackers due to the price rise, the old-world charm of crackers still attracts them to firecracker shops. \"The price of big and fancy crackers starts from Rs 2,000 and goes up to Rs 5,000. Additionally to attract more and more people, new innovations have also been made in manufacturing these - for example the shape of rocket has been changed to make it attractive,\" said Mukesh Sharma, a shopkeeper at Sector 15.\"My son is a music lover and has bought all rockets as they are available in the shape of a guitar,\" said Anita Makkar, a resident of Sector 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17208640", "title": "CSA thanks CA for prompt action on racist remarks by Ritchie", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Tuesday thanked Cricket Australia (CA) for their rapid and effective response to deal with the racist remarks made by former Australian Test player Greg Ritchie, on the first day of the Brisbane Test match at the Gabba last week.\"I had a long conversation with James Sutherland, CEO of CA today,\" commented CSA Acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"He made a very full and sincere apology for what had happened which I appreciated. CSA is also very appreciative of the rapid and effective manner in which he dealt with the issue.I must stress that we take a very strong line on any kind of racist behaviour. It is one of the biggest evils in the world today and one that sport can play a major part in eradicating.\"Commenting on the use by Ritchie of a derogatory term used against Blacks in South Africa, that is outlawed in the country's constitution, Faul said it was \"A very sensitive and emotional issue for us, particularly taking our past history into account.\"\"Sport has been a big unifying force in our country and we cannot allow anything to happen that is going to undermine it.\"Faul also called for firm action against Ritchie. \"There must be consequences for his behaviour, particularly as he further inflamed the matter when he was confronted over the contents of his speech.CSA will be investigating its options in this regard with the ICC as the game's supreme authority,\" Faul concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17204390", "title": "Sunita Williams greets happy Diwali to all Indians from space", "text": "NEW YORK: Indians around the world got a special Diwali message from outer space as Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams sent out warm wishes on the occasion from the International Space Station.Floating upside down in the space station as she appeared on the screen before the Indian tricolour for a local TV show, Williams said, \"I just want to wish everybody in India and people of Indian origin around the world a happy Diwali\".\"It is a wonderful festival and I am happy we are part of it up here at the International Space Station,\" she said.Williams, 47, spoke to Indian-origin student of New York University Riti Bhalla, who as a city-based TV host interviewed Williams on her Diwali special programme.The tricolour was not the only Indian object accompanying Williams in space.She has also carried a picture of the Sanskrit word 'Om' and a copy of the Upanishads, which her father gave to her before she left for the space mission.\"I did bring a couple of things that have to do with India from my father, particularly a peaceful 'Om' that stays outside my crew quarters where I sleep and the Upanishads so I can read it while I am up here.\"It is a small version (of the Upanishads) but it definitely brings the wisdom to us while we are here and allows us to think of the true meaning of life and what we are doing.\"I have a couple of real true reminders of my Indian heritage while I am up here,\" Williams, dressed in a blue T-shirt and brown shorts, said.Williams expressed appreciation for the support she has received from people in India and for their \"heartfelt sincere feelings for the work we are doing up here and how we are doing and for our safe return back home\".As she waved goodbye and floated off, Williams said she hopes to visit India next Diwali \"to say thank you to all the people in person\".The interview would be telecast in 75 countries on the occasion of Diwali.In August, the Indian-American astronaut had displayed the tricolour on board the International Space Station and wished Indians on the eve of their 66th Independence Day.Williams along with Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Japan's Akihiko Hoshide left for the ISS aboard a Russian spacecraft on July 15.She holds the record of the longest spaceflight (195 days) for a female space traveller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17204780", "title": "Support swells for Vadodara walkers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 protest, NRIs join in", "text": "VADODARA: What began as a protest by a handful of morning walkers and regular users of Sayajibaug - better known as Kamatibaug - is now finding support from various quarters of the society. Besides citizens in general, prominent artists, architects, champions of city's heritage and even NRIs are rallying behind the movement to ensure that a multimedia laser fountain does not come up at the garden.The protestors since last week have been approaching prominent citizens and raising the issue.These include prominent city-based painter Gulammohammed Sheikh, architect and president of Heritage Trust Karan Grover, co-convenor of Gujarat chapter of Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (INTACH) architect Sanjeev Joshi and others.Responding to a mail sent by one of the members of the group opposing the move , Sheikh replied stating that to his mind the effect of such a proposal is likely to be disastrous. \"The idea of destroying an existing, ecologically sound garden complex is mindboggling. The environment-loving citizens of Baroda need to come forward and oppose such a mindless move,\" he has responded.Joshi, too, has written to Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) over the issue soon after the controversy erupted. Later, INTACH's head office at Delhi asked its Gujarat chapter to look into the matter after the protestors approached it.Joshi said the General Development Control Regulations (GDCR) now also had heritage regulations in place. Under this, all sites would fall in Grade 1 category that deserved careful preservation. NRIs, too, have started pitching in after hearing the reports. Mails are being circulated by persons concerned based in the US over the issue. \"With the city growing rapidly around it, we are all concerned about preserving Sayajibaug and we want to keep it free from commercialization so that people from all walks of life can continue to enjoy it. A beautiful sanctuary like Sayajibaug is a national treasure and the threat of commercialization represents a defining moment in our city's history,\" said NRI Kiran Rajyaguru, who was a regular user of the garden and is now based in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17200318", "title": "Top cop completes Loba probe in 30 minutes", "text": "SURI: Six days after chief minister Mamata Banerjee ordered an administrative inquiry into Dubrajpur police firing, ADG (law and order) Surajit Kar Purakayastha reached Loba village, and stayed there for 30 minutes, on Monday to speak with the villagers, who witnessed - and were injured - in the \"police firing\".While cops dragged their feet, political parties used on the opportunity to raise their voice against the Mamata Banerjee government. In a public meeting in Loba on Monday, Union minister of state for urban development Deepa Das Munshi alleged the state government has failed to come up with a land policy and was taking Bengal downhill.\"No land policy has been framed, yet the police came to Loba village to acquire land. The police opened fire, but the chief minister said the firing did not take place. We had demanded a CBI inquiry. The CM's statement is concocted, not the incident,\" she alleged. Deepa advised the villagers to move the Human Rights Commission against \"rights violation there\".The Left Front took a similar - but cautious - stand when a delegation led by opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra called on governor M K Narayanan at Raj Bhawan on Monday evening. He said: \"We have urged the governor to impress on the government for an impartial inquiry into the police firing. This need not be a CBI inquiry, but it should be free and fair.\" Mishra added that the governor had promised \"to look into the matter\".The ADG reached Suri on Monday morning and held a closed door three-hour meeting with the top cops, including IGP Gangeshwar Singh, Special IGP Basab Talukdar, SP Murlidhar Sharma and his predecessor Rishikesh Meena - who was shunted immediately after the incident. He then went to Suri hospital and spoke with the villagers undergoing treatment. Kar Purakayastha was clearly told that they had sustained bullet injuries. Loba was his next stop.Krishi Jami Raksha Committee secretary Jaideep Mazumdar said: \"The police had summoned us for talks. But we had insisted the ADG visit the spot of police firing and talk to villagers directly.\" The ADG did visit Loba then and spoke with five villagers. Shyamal Mondal was one of them. \"Neither did he ask us about the incident, nor the firing. He only asked us the cause of our long agitation,\" Mondal said. After 30 minutes, the ADG left without addressing the media.The November 6 incident had left 27 cops and six villagers injured. Even before ordering the inquiry, the chief minister had said police didn't open fire and showed extreme resilience even when attacked by bows and arrows. She also gave a clean chit to villagers and claimed outsiders had fomented trouble. Mamata had claimed the administration wasn't aware of the police action. However, a police report has indicated that a call from the industries minister was a precursor to the police action, a fact later denied by the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17202965", "title": "Stubborn jams take spark out of Diwali joy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Traffic bottlenecks held the city to ransom on Sunday. The situation was exacerbated by the absence of traffic police personnel at roundabouts in the evening rush hours. The worst affected were the roundabouts in sectors 29, 7/19, 33/35 and main roads including Dakshin Marg, Udyan Marg, Madhya Marg and Jan Marg. The CII fair clogged traffic on the stretch between the roundabout of ISBT-17 and the one near the cricket stadium in Sector 16. Sudhir Singla, who had set up a stall at the fair, said traffic chaos over the weekend was expected. \"Traffic chaos was expected as the strength of visitors doubled over the weekend. Parking lots outside the venue were inadequate for thousands of vehicles,\" he said.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said the department had made arrangements to tackle the situation. \"Extra manpower of around 100 policemen, including women cops have been deployed from the IRB and police training centre to control traffic on the roads. Besides them, 40 policemen will be deployed for in different sectors,\" he said. Around 750 police personnel have been deployed to regulate traffic on city roads and in market parking lots. The situation in congested markets, including those in sectors 9, 10, 31 and 37 was deplorable. Inspector Jaswinder Singh of the traffic police attributed the snarls to inadequate parking spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17200464", "title": "Bangla man goes home, finally", "text": "NEW DELHI: After being wrongly accused of dacoity, criminal conspiracy and carrying arms in three different cities, Abu Ishaque is a free man on Monday. Acquitted of all charges except one count of carrying stolen property, the 60-year-old Bangladeshi national never wants to return to India unless it is to appeal against his conviction, he told TOI.While the courts in Kurukshetra, Delhi and Ambala ruled that there was no cause to believe that he had committed or intended to commit robbery, Ishaque spent two agonizing years in jail while suffering from skin eczema.Ishaque has been issued an exit visa and travel permit by the FRRO and Bangladesh high commission and is set to travel to Bangladesh at 8am Diwali morning.\"I had come to Delhi in January 2010 for treatment of skin eczema, and had returned again in May later that year to the same doctor. I was asked to undergo an operation, so before that my relative and I stopped over at Ambala to visit some relatives. Ambala police picked me up there and took me to Kurukshetra, where I was accused of committing robbery. I haven't even stolen a neighbour's flower pot in my life,\" said the Bagerhat-based farmer, his voice breaking with emotion.Shockingly, Ishaque was arrested in a 2009 robbery case in Delhi though he had come to India only the next year on a medical visa, a fact confirmed by the Indian high commission in Dhaka.Ishaque's story appears to be one of persistent victimization. After being picked up by police and thrown into jail for over two years, Ishaque's eczema spread all over his body and he had to undergo operations in a city hospital. He has filed a complaint with the NHRC alleging bad medical treatment.\"I had come for treatment of one spot on my stomach, but once thrown into jail, it spread all over my body as I did not get proper treatment. The outbreaks in my skin would itch and bleed badly. When I was finally taken to hospital for treatment, they conducted an operation without painkillers and even left a stitch inside my body for 10 months,\" said Ishaque.Ishaque was first picked up by Kurukshetra police in 2010 on charges of preparation for dacoity, criminal conspiracy and several sections of the Arms Act and Passport Act. The cops had claimed to have arrested him along with several other Bangladeshi nationals with weapons, planning a dacoity bid. While acquitting Ishaque of all these charges, the court called the prosecution story \"highly doubtful\" and full of discrepancies. \"[T]he prosecution has miserably failed to prove the story of planning of committing dacoity by the accused and consequent recovery of weapons,\" ruled the court.Ishaque was then arrested by Delhi police, on charges of robbery and possession of stolen articles, and even 'identified' by one of the witnesses. The court acquitted him of charges of robbery dismissing the evidence as \"unworthy of credence,\" but held him guilty of carrying stolen items. In what appears to be a case of double jeopardy, the 'stolen item' was a .32 bore pistol , for which Ishaque had already been acquitted by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17203206", "title": "Student hospitalized, 7 others continue hunger strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The deadlock over hike in food prices continued at Panjab University on Monday. As seven students remained on hunger strike, the eighth one was hospitalized as his condition deteriorated. Even the police officials could cut no ice with the protesters. Seeing no let up, mess and canteen contractors again threatened to quit if forced to give food on subsidized rates.Messes in hostel number 2 and 8 have already been closed temporarily.Manoj Lubana, president of Studentsa?? Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) which is the incumbent student body, and other members of Panjab University Campus Students' Council ( PUCSC) convened a meeting with mess and canteen contractors. However, no consensus on the issue was reached.\"We will not let the authorities light up the campus or hostels. Because of their insensitive attitude, we will observe a black Diwali,\" said an economics department student and member of Students' Federation of India.A contractor at PU said, \"If the protesters are ready to run cooperative messes and serve a meal at Rs 24, then we are ready to give up our contracts.\"Another contractor said, \"We will quit if the parents of protesters say the price hike is unjustified.\"The mess contractor of boys' hostel number 5 said, \"A Panjab University Students' Union member is yet to foot a bill of Rs 1 lakh.\" Other contractors too raised the issue of defaulters not paying the mess bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17203779", "title": "Gold sales shine like never before", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Gold rush continued in the city on Monday, a day before Diwali. Despite a steep rise in the prices of precious metals and high inflation , sales of diamond and gold jewelleries surged to a record high this year.According to sources, over 125 big and small jewellery shops in the city have sold more than 100 kg of gold. About 400 kg of gold was sold across the state for Diwali.\"Diamond sales are almost 80 per cent more than that in last year while gold has made a significant jump with more than 50 per cent rise in sales,\" said Sanjoy Hans, chairman, Lalchand Jewelers Ltd. The growth graph for sales, which showed a stable trend in the last two years, has gone up this year, added Hans.The yellow metal ended at Rs 32,800 per 10 gm of 24 carat and Rs 30,700 per 10 gm of 22 carat on Monday.One reason, according to many jewellery shops, for the spurt in sales is the upcoming wedding season. As shops are offering discounts of up to Rs 2,500 per 10 gm of gold, buyers are trying to cash in on the festive offers. \"On Dhanteras, we are seeing more buyers than on any day of the year. We haven't expected so many people this year,\" said P K Sahu, a city-based jeweller.The uptick in prices of precious metals are fuelling sales as Many also feel prices are showing an increasing trend so it's best to avail the offers now, while jewelers said, people have also been buying gold for the purpose of investment.\"Gold is not only for fashion but also for investment.This year, most of the customers have bought gold keeping in mind the investment aspect. They will get great returns when they sell,\" They have realised at Lalchand at one point of they can sell and get cash back on the current price and one has to see to believe the smile in their face when they sell as they realise they have made a good profit on their investment,\" Hans said.Amid this gold rush, a note of caution was sounded by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) as cases of weight manipulation are rampant during this time. \"Customers must check the logo of BIS-recognized assaying and hallmarking centre where the jewellery has been assayed and hallmarked. They must verify whether the purity of gold is 916, which is equivalent to 22 carat. Code letter represents the year of hallmarking of jewellery and artifact and is decided by BIS before buying it,\" said a senior officer at the bureau. He also advised customers not to get motivated by carat meter to confirm the purity of gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17208448", "title": "Andy Flower should genuinely want to bridge gap with Kevin Pietersen: Andrew Strauss", "text": "LONDON: Former England captain Andrew Strauss feels that chief coach Andy Flower \"genuinely has to want to bridge the gap\" with comeback man Kevin Pietersen or else there will be some challenges for the visitors.\"For it (relation with KP) to work out long term, everyone's genuinely got to want it to work out. Kevin has to want to be part of the team for a long time and the players need to move on from what happened at Headingley and various other things.Even the likes of Andy Flower genuinely has to want to bridge the gap and move forward,\" Strauss said. \"If that is everyone's attitude, then it can work. If it isn't, then I think there are going to be challenges.\"About the issue of mutual respect among players, Strauss stated, \"The question of actually liking each other is not an issue. It's about respect. Not everyone's going to be best mates. In a dressing-room environment, especially when you're away from home so much, it becomes your second family.\"The former skipper who had led his country in 50 Tests feels that dysfunctional dressing rooms can be an impediment to success.\"If people start doubting that, it becomes a dysfunctional dressing room very quickly. I've been in good, functional dressing rooms and I've been in dysfunctional ones. In a dysfunctional one, it doesn't matter how good the players are, it never has success consistently.\"People will always be judged on their actions. Over the next few months -- for Kevin and the rest of the guys -- it will be apparent whether it's going to work or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17203372", "title": "Senior citizens help keep Diwali clean", "text": "LUDHIANA: The awareness to keep Diwali pollution-free has found roots among senior citizens too, after youngsters went all out to spread the message of celebrating a 'green' Diwali.These grandparents have been exhorting their grandkids to shun crackers this Diwali and have decided to celebrate theirs' by gathering at the senior citizens' bhavan at the park on Lodhi Club road to light lamps and candles together.\"When we decided to celebrate a green Diwali, we thought charity begins at home and motivated our own families to minimize cracker use as much as possible. We will distribute sweets after illuminating the park on Diwali evening,\" said Gulshan Singh Buttar, 62, a retired government employee residing in BRS Nagar.Former dean of Colleges of Veterinary Sciences K K Bakshi, 70, who resides at the Housing Board colony, said, \"It is not just the air pollution but even the noise pollution on Diwali night is a problem for senior citizens and infants. We are asking the children in our families to refrain from firing crackers.\"Retired director of the Punjab employment exchange Sham Lal Vig, 67, resides at Housing Board colony and believes that people should be caring towards others. \"One's celebration must not be troublesome to another,\" he added.BRS Nagar resident and a social activist Naginder Singh, 62, said people burst crackers worth crores every year only to wake up to the mess they make the next morning. \"There is garbage all around on roads, streets and localities. Celebrating the festival like this also causes numerous fire incidents every year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17205092", "title": "Disaster for the endangered owl", "text": "KANPUR: The mythical vehicle of Goddess Laxmi the owl which symbolises riches and prosperity has become soft-target for poachers in the region. The Baheliya and Kanjar tribes from places like Etawah, Kannauj, Auraiyya, Kanpur Dehat and Orai are known for trapping owls to meet their huge demand during Diwali as the nocturnal creature is believed to be sacrifice by the superstitious on the occasion to attain wealth and prosperity.A recent study by 'Traffic', an organisation that monitors illegal wildlife trade, on illegal trade, trapping and utilisation of owls says Uttar Pradesh tops the list for live owl trade in India. The claim, however, becomes evident from the fact that there have been three back-to-back instances of owl seizures reported from Etawah district alone in the past. Great-Horned Indian (Bubo virginianus) owl, was rescued from two persons from near the Etawah railway station by the sleuths of Government Railway Police in 2010.The cops had recovered a bag containing a Great-Horned Indian owl from the two accused identified as Ram Pal son of Malkhan Singh of Eraho village in Kannauj district and Ishwar Singh son of Brijendra Singh, a native of Bijnaur district.According to police, both persons had revealed they were on their way to Bijnaur district to deliver the Great-Horned Indian owl to a sorcerer who would have used the bird for witchcraft on Diwali.As per the cops, the hunters had trapped the bird from Paurikh village in Kannauj district. A GRP official had then stated: \"The accused informed during interrogation that they could fetch a good amount ranging from Rs 80,000 to 1 lakh for a pair of the bird.\"Similarly, two pairs of four great horned owls were rescued from Gopiyapur village of the district followed by two more seizures in the district in the year 2009. \"Great Horned Owls are large owls preferred mostly by hunters to fetch a good amount. These owls are largest \"eared\" owls, the \"ears\" actually being tufts of feathers on the bird's head.These are about 18 to 25 inches long and have a wingspan between 35-60 inches. They have light grey to dark brown feathery ear tufts (which is how they ended up with the name 'Horned' owl).The protection of these birds comes under schedule IV of wildlife (protection) act 1972, (as amended up to 1993),\" informed Dr Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature. A rare bird to be sighted this species of owls are primarily nocturnal, he said further.Chauhan added that owls feed on rabbits, squirrels, mice, woodchucks, raccoons, snakes, bats, foxes, ducks, swans, other birds of prey, frogs, fish, scorpions and porcupines and are at the apex of the food chain.As prime consumers of rodents such as mice and rats, owls can be very beneficial to humans.Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forest, National Chambal Sanctuary, Agra division said we have alerted forest sleuths during Diwali. \"As this nocturnal creature prefers nesting in cliffs of ravines and nearby shrubs and trees, the region is known for owl poaching,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17200736", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha plans public meets post Diwali", "text": "DARJEELING: Taking a cue from their rivals Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF), leaders of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) have decided to embark on an organizational strengthening activity after Diwali.Last week, GNLF supporters in Mirik, where the party still has a substantial support base, had gone about putting up their flags in houses and streets to make their presence felt. Though GJM supporters had opposed it, timely action by police had prevented any major trouble.On Monday, GJM central committee leaders convened a meeting at the Singamari party office in Darjeeling, to deliberate on the issue. The party has decided to hold public meetings in Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Kurseong, Mirik hills, Siliguri and Dooars.\"We will hold series of public meetings in the Hills and plains. The organizational strengthening activity will continue till December,\" said GJM general secretary Roshan Giri. The party will convene a national-level conference in Darjeeling on December 16, to discuss problems plaguing the Gorkha population across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17206943", "title": "GPP begins hearing representation for finalising candidates", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) heard representation from about 1,500 people who were willing to contest elections as the party candidates.The exercise began early on Monday in which the party leaders heard candidates for Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Anand, Kheda, Dahod, Panchmahal, Gandhinagar , Mehsana, Patan, Sabarkantha, Kutch and Banaskantha seats.GPP officials said besides political activists, traders from the diamond merchants association and the construction industry sought tickets from the party. The officials said that they also received calls from former and present BJP MLAs who are likely to be denied tickets.The party will continue to hear more representation for Central, South and Saurashtra region. PArty office bearers said that the the party will be cautious in giving tickets to 20 candidates in Saurashtra and Kutch as these are the seats which would sway the election results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "17200964", "title": "Red rebel killed in encounter", "text": "Khammam: A Maoist was killed when cops exchanged fire with a group of Naxals in the Peruru forest area in Charla mandal in Khammam district in the early hours of Monday.The security forces recovered two fire arms and Maoist literature from the forest area.The security forces continued with the combing operations to flush out the Maoists who ran deep into the jungles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17201824", "title": "Friends strangle 17-yr-old, dump body in nullah", "text": "NAGPUR: A standard X student was murdered and his body hurled into a nullah adjoining the Gorewada Ring Road by some friends late on Sunday evening. Anup alias Sajan Gedam, 17, was engaged in cleaning and painting as part of Diwali preparations at his Saifee Nagar residence when some friends, with whom he had grown up in the same locality, called him out. The following day, Gedam was found dead.The murder took place in an open ground, barely 100 meters from the Gedam residence, over a rivalry that had started during a skirmish in last month's Durga immersion procession. The body was dumped in a nullah another 100 meters from the spot.The Gedams searched for the youngster all night, not knowing that his body had been dumped close to their house. Sajan's father Arun is an autorickshaw driver. The family's worst fears came true when a local resident spotted Sajan's body in the nullah. There were injuries on the left side of Sajan's face and neck, with bluish-black signs of strangling. Gittikhadan police are investigating the case.One of the accused, Avinash Bhoyar, was apprehended after the murder came to light. Bhoyar worked as a welder at Borkhedi Thermal power plant on the city's outskirts. After failing in the school board examination, Gedam was preparing to reappear.Prominent goon Amit Nandeshwar had been externed from the locality earlier this year, but it is learnt that his gang of antisocial elements still rules the roost.Gedam, the youngest of three siblings, is learnt to have been involved in a scuffle with Bhoyar and his accomplice Dinesh alias Golu Netam during a Durga immersion procession. The fight started after Bhoyar and Gedam had an argument after they got in each other's way while dancing.Police said that after the fight the former friends had turned into sworn enemies and threatened each other time and again of dire consequences. Bhoyar is learnt to have played a key role in the murder.Sajan's mother Laxmi said Bunty Uikey had come to call her youngest son. \"Bunty was in an inebriated condition. He asked our neighbour Roshan for a scarf, but he did not give it to him. Later, Bunty came to call Sajan,\" she said.Laxmi added that her son followed Bunty, who was on foot, on a bike. \"We searched for Sajan till the wee hours but his cell phone was switched off,\" said the woman.Police said the assailants appear to have first pinned down Sajan while raining blows on him. They struck him with a stone on the face, said police. Unable to finish him off, the assailants strangled him before throwing the body in the nullah. Sajan's bike was found near the field where police suspect the murder took place. There were traces of vomit on the bike.Senior police inspector CM Bahadure of Gittikhadan police station said a manhunt has been launched for Netam. \"We would be able to arrest more people after Netam is nabbed, as he may give more information,\" said PI Bahadure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17199261", "title": "3 held for threatening corporator", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men were arrested by the Pant Nagar police for threatening a Ghatkopar-based corporator and vandalizing his property on Monday. The complainant, Suresh Avale (40), is the MNS corporator for ward number 126. The incident took place around 12.10am.The accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dVijendra Chaudhari (33), Vijay Kshirsagar (38) and Mahendra Lahave (47)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dare residents of Ghatkopar's Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar. \"They were upset with Avale for not repairing toilets and carrying out a cleanliness drive,\" said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17201554", "title": "Int'l fake currency racket under scanner after Cameroon man's arrest", "text": "JAIPUR: The arrest of a 45-year-old Cameroon national from Alwar's Bhiwadi area is leading the police to an international racket involved in circulation of fake Indian currency.A team of IB officials along with Delhi and Alwar police have launched a probe into the Bangladeshi link of the man, Betegue Sergealian, who was arrested on Saturday while trying to sell fake Indian notes to the tune of Rs 13.20 lakh. The man has over a dozen Bangladeshi mobile numbers stored in his cell phone. Sources did not rule out the possibility that he had got the fake currency notes' supply from the neighbouring country.The arrest put the Delhi cops on alert when it came up that Betegue Sergealian had stayed at several locations in the national capital over the past four months. He had made Delhi his base besides frequently flying to Mumbai. The Alwar police produced him in a court which sent him to police custody till November 16.\"It is the man's second visit to India. He had come here last year also. Sergealian posed himself as a garment exporter and told people that as cotton clothes are in great demand in Cameroon, he collect samples in India and sent them to his country,\" said an intelligence bureau official.The officer said that Betegue Sergealian confessed to the police about his arrest during a political unrest in his country. The police are investigating if he had undergone any military training.\"He has been a frequent international flyer. He has been to Dubai , Saudi Arabia and India besides several Central African countries. He is proficient in at least four languages including English and French,\" said the officer.The officer said that the arrest is a big catch and may lead the police to an international racket involved in circulation of fake Indian currency.The taxi driver who had brought Betegue Sergealian to Alwar has told the police that he was carrying just a carrybag. \"The man must have good contacts in Delhi as he was staying in a foreign country for a long time. Several people are under scanner of Delhi Police for their links with the Cameroon national,\" said the officer.Sergealian had come to Mumbai from Saudi Arabia by sea on July 11. \"He claims to have a visa with six-month validity. From Mumbai he came to Delhi and was staying at a hotel near Khirki Extension in South Delhi before arrest,\" SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta told TOI.He was arrested from Pathredi village near Bhiwari on Saturday along with one Yunus, a resident of Nuh in Haryana when the duo was in search of buyers for fake currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17203582", "title": "Why job seekers over 45 face bias from recruiters", "text": "Almost nine out of 10 job seekers aged over 45 are treated badly by recruiters, a study has found.A survey by Adage.com.au , a job site for the mature aged, has found 88 percent are dissatisfied with the level of response received from recruiters and a further 77 percent are dissatisfied with the response of employers, News.com.au reported.Adage.com.au managing director Heidi Holmes said that mature-age workers have it \"extremely tough\" in Australia.\"Once you are past 45, no one wants to know you,\" Holmes said.\"It's incredible to me that there is so much discussion about skills shortages in Australia, while so many highly qualified and experienced workers are being overlooked simply because they've got a bit of grey hair,\" she said.The survey of more than 800 job seekers also found 78 percent refused to put their age on their CV.Holmes said many do this because they are scared their age will disadvantage them.\"We aren't talking about 'seniors' here,\" she said, adding that one third of the respondents surveyed were under the age of 55.\"Many of these workers are in their 40s,\" she said. \"For some, that's more than 20 years until the official retirement age.\"Holmes said that in the last few years there had been a large focus on Gen Y in recruiting.\"That has fed not only the focus around youth, but potentially leads to an unconscious bias,\" she said.\"There's this immediate assumption [mature workers] are not engaged online, or they don't know what's happening in the digital space,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17202144", "title": "Dial 108 to reach anti-burn facility", "text": "LUCKNOW: Playing with crackers carelessly may spoil your Diwali. But one doesn't need to panic in case of injuries or accidents caused by crackers, and can dial 108 from any cell phone or fixed line phone for medical aid. Officials at the Samajwadi Ambulance Service or the 108 ambulance service have informed that burn injury is one of the many emergencies they attend. \"Our call centre would be working as usual on Diwali, so anyone who needs help can call us,\" said Rajesh Waghmare, chief executive officer of GVK EMRI, the service provider for the 108 ambulance service.Call centre head of 108 services, Sarabjit informed that asthmatic attacks and sudden fainting are also considered as emergency and would be attended by them. However, they would take patient from the point of accident to the government hospital only. It may be noted that the air pollution levels increase dramatically on the night of Diwali and this tends to trigger breathing problems in patients suffering from lung diseases. Asthma attacks can be fatal at times. Besides this, emergency units in all the government hospitals and King George's Medical University (KGMU) have been put on alert in view of anticipated burn injury cases during the festival.Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Hospital at Park Road is the only government hospital in the city with a special burn unit. A team of doctors including a plastic surgeon, an orthopaedic surgeon, a general surgeon and an ophthalmologist have been deputed to attend patients in their 24X7 burn unit. Medical superintendent, Dr Ashutosh Dubey informed that 15 beds have been reserved for Diwali patients. \"The stock of medicines and the ambulances have been put on alert. People may contact the hospital emergency helpline at 2239007 in case of need,\" he stated.In KGMU's Trauma Centre, a 25-bedded temporary burn unit has been raised. \"Instructions have been issued to the doctors of different specialties to stay alert and report to the hospital if needed. The stock of medicines is also in place,\" said Prof SN Shankhwar, chief medical superintendent, KGMU. He added that patients may alert the trauma centre at 9453004209 in case of an emergency.Similar arrangements have been made for the community health centres. Orders to this effect were given by chief medical officer, Dr SNS Yadav. \"Doctors would be available at the CHCs. To ensure that the order to this effect is implemented, we have posted a non-Hindu doctor on duty. The network of primary ambulances is also in place. People may contact our control room number 2622080, in case they need our help,\" he stated.Doctors have advised that in case of burn injury, water should be poured on the infected part before rushing the patient to the hospital. In a separate order, the chief fire officer has also put his staff on high alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17200417", "title": "Accused can't appeal against conviction: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a significant ruling, the Bombay high court has ruled that an accused does not have an inherent right of appeal against his conviction and the same has to be conferred by a statute. \"The legislature can confer the said right or can make available the said right conditionally. It (legislature) may withdraw the said right by amending the statute which confers the right of appeal,\" justices Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhana Jadhav observed in a recent judgement.The judges gave the ruling on a petition challenging a provision in the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPc), which restricts the right to appeal in minor cases in which the punishment is less than the stipulated period of imprisonment or amount of penalty. The petition, filed by three convicts, sought a direction from the high court to declare clauses 376 (b) and (c) of CrPc as unconstitutional and ultra vires the Constitution as they takes away the right to appeal. It also prayed for quashing an order of a sessions court, which ruled that such an appeal was not maintainable in view of clause 376 (b).Two petitioners were asked to suffer imprisonment for a day until the rising of the court in a cheque bouncing case, while all the three were ordered to pay Rs 15 lakh as compensation to the complainant within three months. They filed an appeal in a sessions court which rejected it in view of clause (b) of 376. Against this, they filed a petition in the high court.The judges observed that there is no inherent right of appeal. If a statute creates a right of appeal against an order of conviction, any act which prevents an accused from preferring filing an appeal may be in violation of Article 21 of the Constitution. But a legislation cannot be struck down on the ground that there is a violation of Article 21 as a result of failure to provide for an appeal against a conviction, they said. ptiThus, there is no merit in the prayer plea that clauses (b) and (c) of 376 of CrPC are illegal, the judges said while upholding their validity and legality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17201940", "title": "Ponzi king got cheated too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city-based political leader had helped ponzi scamster Abhay Gandhi in escaping the city. The politician had charged a fee of Rs 65 lakh for this favour which helped the scam accused go globe-trotting. This revelation has been made by Gandhi who is now on remand with the city crime branch. \"Based on this information, summons has been issued against the politician, Janaksinh Parmar and five others who had helped the accused for hefty fees,\" said assistant commissioner of police, crime branch, Nirlipt Rai.Gandhi has told the police that on April 22, 2011, he had held a meeting with the agents of his company. \"He claims that he told th agents that he cannot pay them because he does not have any money.The angry agentshadthreatenedto attack and kill him. This is why, according to Gandhi, he went absconding,\" said crime branch officials.\"At this juncture, Gandhi contacted Parmar for help. In the first deal, Parmar took Rs 15 lakh from Gandhi to provide him with a hideout within the state. When Gandhi said that he wished to escape the country, Parmar allegedly took another sum of Rs 50 lakh. Parmar then got him in touch with his friend in Mumbai-Raju who sent Gandhi to Sri Lanka,\" said a senior crime branch official.After reaching Sri Lanka, Gandhi decided to do business there. \"He then called up Parmar and said that he had got 4kg gold which he was ready toinvest and start a business in Sri Lanka.Raju then came to Ahmedabad and took 4 kg gold from Gandhi's accountant, Jaimin. Raju sold the gold for Rs 1 crore in Mumbai and then sent Rs 90 lakh to Gandhi's contact in Sri Lanka - Romni. However, Romni duped Gandhi and refused to give him the money,\" said crime branch officials.Gandhi then decided to flee to Congo but he faced a problem. To get into this African country, Gandhi would need a reference.\"Once again, Parmar came to his aid and got him the reference from a doctor in Ahmedabad who is a frequent visitor to Congo. However, Gandhi even fled from Congo as he did not feel safe there,\" they added.His next stop was Bangkok where he was sheltered by his girlfriend. Gandhi claims to have worked at a shoe shop in Bangkok briefly. He later called up his agent in Ahmedabad, Rahim Desai and sought financial help from him.\"Gandhi claims Rahim came to Bangkok but instead of helping him, the agent got his former employer to sign a document that said that Gandhi owes Rahim Rs 10 crore. This proved to be the last straw as after being cheated by most of his trusted aides, Gandhi decided to return to Ahmedabad,\" said crime branch officials.Girlfriend, a saviourIn Bangkok, Gandhi's saviour was his girlfriend - a sex worker. \"When his ponzi scheme was raking in lots of money, Gandhi had often been to Bangkok and hired this woman's services. Now, the tables had turned and he told the truth about his financial condition and legal troubles to this woman, who offered to put him up for free. Gandhi stayed with her for six months,\" said crime branch officials.Golden secretWhile leaving the country Gandhi had left a Rs 10 note with Raju. He had told this Mumbai-based friend of Parmar to keep this note in safe custody. When Gandhi decided to set up business in Sri Lanka, he called up Raju and asked him to contact his accountant, Jaimin. Gandhi had given Jaimin the serial number of this Rs 10 note. \"He had instructed his accountant that if anybody ever approached him with this particular currency note then he should hand over that 4 kg gold that he had in his custody to this person. After taking this gold from Jaimin, Raju sold it and sent the money to Gandhi's contact in Sri Lanka,\" said crime branch officials. However, the scamster himself got cheated when his Sri Lankan contact refused to part with the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17204008", "title": "DNA test nails athlete, charged with rape", "text": "KOLKATA: After months of speculation over Pinki Pramanik's gender and whether the middle-distance runner was capable of sexual assault, the athlete was on Monday charged with rape. Police filed a chargesheet against the Asian Games gold medal winner on the basis of a DNA test conducted in Hyderabad in June. Pinki was arrested on June 14 on a rape and assault complaint by a live-in partner. It led to three medical tests that failed to establish the athlete's gender or prove conclusively if the accused was capable of rape. Pinki was later released on bail.The athlete has now been charged under sections 376 (rape), 417 (impersonation), 420 (cheating), 325 (assault) and 506 (intimidation), 493 (cohabitation caused by a man deceitfully inducing a belief of a lawful marriage). A medical report submitted by cops in a court after investigation classified Pinki as male.Quoting the test report, additional public prosecutor Shantamoy Bose said Pinki was \"capable of having intercourse as a normal male and had all the facets required for sexual activities.\"Based on the medical test done by a board of doctors at the state-run SSKM hospital in Kolkata, the police filed a chargesheet against Pinki charging the athlete with rape and cheating as well as charges of holding out threats.The live-in partner had alleged that Pinki was a male and had raped her, which led to Pinki's arrest on June 14 and an order for medical examination to confirm the gender was issued.The former middle-distance runner, who won the 4x400 m relay gold in 2006 Doha Asian Games, was freed from jail on July 11 pending disposal of all cases.The athlete's arrest and imprisonment had sparked an outcry over gender discrimination and the manner in which gender tests were conducted.The tainted athlete's lawyer Manab Sanyal said he was yet to go through the chargesheet. \"I will make a comment only after I have seen the charges,\" he said.Experts said they were not surprised by the findings of the chromosome (DNA) test. Pinki's aggression and a tendency to lapse into a fit of rage suggested she suffered from a condition known as Congenital Adrenal Hyperplacia (CAH), they said.Triggered by a secretion of male hormone adrenalin, the condition is classified as a form of Disorder of Sexual Differentiation (DSD) and leads females to develop male physical attributes and behaviour. CAH patients were also likely to suffer from depression or euphoria. DSD is genetic and the first symptoms could be evident in a child as early as three years to four years. Psychological repercussions follow soon since a child needs to have a sexual identity by the time he or she is five years old.\"That is the time when a child has to know its gender. If it can't, then the child starts feeling isolated. It grows with time and could be irreversible by the time it reaches adolescence,\" said medical genetic consultant Kaushik Mondol.CAH patients are generally incapable of normal sexual activity, according to fertility expert Rohit Gutgutiya. \"The clitoris gets enlarged and starts looking like a phallus. But it's not the real male organ and therefore it's difficult for such people to either have a normal sex life or rape a woman,\" said Gutgutiya.Investigators said though they had given Pinki the benefit of doubt initially, during the probe they started suspecting that the allegation could be true. \"Even though the charge seemed fabricated to begin with, the evidence suggested otherwise. The test report has confirmed the fears,\" an investigator said.TIMELINE:June 13: Complaint filedJune 14: Pinki Pramanik arrested onJune 25: DNA test conducted at SSKMJuly 11: Pinki released on bailWhat is CAH?CAH leads a female to develop male features. They have to be administered cortiso-steroid to neutralize the male hormones. Detectable very early, often at birth. Patients tend to have a partially formed vagina, an enlarged phallus and grow facial hair as they reach adolescence. Female reproductive organs, like the uterus, are generally missing. There have been instances of such patients bearing a child, though it is rare, say experts.TreatmentTreatment can take anything between three and six years, depending on the extent of the disorder, say experts. Both androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS) and congenital androgen hyperplacia (CAH) - the two most common disorders of sexual development (DSD) - are curable to the extent that could help a person carry out a normal social life. It can very rarely restore their reproductive abilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17204053", "title": "Diwali: Barpeta crackers hold sway despite competition", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dubbed as the Sivakasi of the northeast, though Barpeta district which is known for its traditional firework companies is said to be facing stiff competition from the southern states as well as the Chinese market, people still prefer the locally-made crackers to the imported ones. Reason: The firecracker makers provide custom-made crackers to its clients who place special orders.The Barpeta crackers, locally called 'fotoka', are extremely durable unlike the imported ones. But apart from that, one aspect that gives these crackers an extra edge over its competitors is the service provided by the cracker-makers exclusively for its customers. Customized fireworks are manufactured as per the needs and objectives of their special clients, best suited for the occasion. During Diwali, prominent clients who want special pyro-shows only have to ask the makers to put forward their 'needs'.One such company is Lakhi Atashbazi, considered to be one of the pioneers of cracker entrepreneurs in Barpeta, is catering to the needs of such clients. \"The company was started by my grandfather over a 100 years ago and we are still continuing crackers and keeping up the legacy. We make special customized crackers for our clients but we are following the traditional aspects too. We are original and distinct in our work,\" said Nalani Kumar Pathak, proprietor of Lakhi Atashbazi.To make things clearer for clients especially before they decide to place their orders, the cracker-makers send representatives to the clients to place the particular idea and objectives. \"Our Phooljharis are very popular as they last long compared to those available in the market,\" added Pathak.The iconic Sattra temples and the famous 'doi' or yoghurt distinguish Barpeta district from others, but the firework companies here have contributed immensely towards the local as well as the state's economy.But, somewhere down the line the much-expected growth is the sector is not being achieved. Pathak said the firecracker entrepreneurs like him wish that the state government will do something to give a boost for the development of this industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17201300", "title": "National Film Archive of India to screen 13 landmark Indian films at Goa festival", "text": "PUNE: The National Film Archive of India (NFAI) will present 13 landmark Indian films as part of the cinema centenary package at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) to be held in Panaji from November 20-30.The NFAI is celebrating the centenary of Indian cinema all over the country by organising film festivals and exhibitions on landmark films.Franz Osten's 'Achut Kanya', produced by Bombay Talkies in 1936, and 'Sant Tukaram' produced by Prabhat Film Company in 1936 - both milestones in the history and development of cinema - will feature in this package, said a NFAI press release.Some of the other films that will be screened are: 'Kalpana' by dance maestro Uday Shankar, Raj Kapoor's 'Awara', Satyajit Ray's 'Pather Panchali', Ritwik Ghatak's 'Meghe Dhaka Tara'. The film which heralded Malyalam cinema, 'Chemmeen' by Ramu Kariat, will also be screened.Besides the centenary package, the NFAI will screen 11 Indian films and three foreign films during various events at IFFI this year. A DVD of three silent films, with specially composed music, will be on sale at the festival venue. A few poster prints of popular films will be sold, for the first time, at the counter, said the press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17203447", "title": "Ijaz Butt asks PCB to investigate fixing claims, sparks off debate", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board has preferred to remain non-committal on the allegation that the 2011 World Cup semifinal between India and Pakistan was fixed, but former PCB Chairman Ijaz Butt kicked off a debate after he asserted the board to investigate the claims.Butt's assertion that the present PCB set-up should either hold an inquiry itself or ask the ICC to investigate the semifinal clash at Mohali has left many in the cricket community bemused.The question being asked is why didn't he (Butt) held the inquiry when he was in power and when the finger was first pointed at the outcome of the semifinal.If that wasn't enough, Butt hit the headlines when he walked out of a television studio on being asked a question about Shahid Afridi during the discussion on English journalist Ed Hawkins' book, which claims the semifinal was fixed.In a clear indication of just how sensitive he remains on the issue of Shahid Afridi, Butt wanked out his microphone and left the studio when being asked what forced him to struck a peace deal with the cricketer last year.Clearly not happy with the queries, Butt said he no longer wanted to be part of the \"useless discussion\" and got up and left the studio.Known for his eccentric ways and hardliner approach towards the media during his four-year tenure as the chairman, Butt clearly has not changed.It was his eccentric and strong approach towards players that led to the sacking of Afridi last year in May.Afridi, however, moved to the court against his sacking and it was only after the intervention of some politicians from the tribal areas that Butt met the all-rounder and struck a deal with him.While Afridi was given permission to play in England, he was fined to the tune of 4.5 million rupees and was also asked to withdraw his case.Afridi who had retired in protest was, though, never asked to take back his retirement and was ignored by the national selectors until Butt was replaced by Zaka Ashraf at the helm.\"To Butt Afridi remains a sensitive issue because he feels the player damaged the team and didn't have respect for authority. That explains his walkout from the studio where he had gone to speak on the World Cup semifinal issue,\" a close aide of Butt said.Surprisingly the PCB has remained sensible on the matter and avoided making any official comments on the allegations raised by Hawkins , but insiders say Zaka is clearly not happy with Butt's advice to hold an inquiry.\"Zaka is surprised at Butt's statement as he pointed out that it was during his (Butt's) tenure that the allegations first surfaced. And secondly what will Pakistan gain by asking for an inquiry when neither the ICC nor the Indian board are interested in Hawkins' latest allegations,\" a source said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-13"}
