{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727130", "title": "Met predicts more rain in coming days", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after receiving heavy rains following arrival of monsoon, the city on Friday mainly remained dry. Though sky remained cloudy throughout the day and maximum temperature dropped to 30.6 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal.The weatherman, however, said that more rains are in store for the state in coming days.Light to moderate rainfall with a few heavy spells are expected during next 48 hours. On the other hand, monsoon covered some more parts of the state and reached Delhi. It is likely to cover the entire UP on Saturday. State Met director JP Gupta said that rain and thundershowers would occur at many places in UP in next 24 hours.Similar conditions will prevail for next days as an upper air cyclonic circulation is over central UP and a trough line is also passing from over the state.A stream of small cyclonic circulations is known as trough line. Both big and small cyclonic circulations help in precipitation of moisture into rains.According to the Met department's forecast for next week (July 7- 13), light to moderate rainfall would occur at many places in the state. The rainfall can be heavy at few places. The rains at this point of time are said to be good for paddy.As per the reports reaching state Met headquarters, maximum temperatures at most places in UP were below 35 degrees Celsius, a drop of 5-7 degrees in comparison to mercury levels recorded a couple of days back.The day temperatures were below normal at most places. Highest rainfall of 90 mm was recorded in Varanasi followed by Bahraich with 54 mm.The districts which recorded above 50 mm rains included Kanpur, Sultanpur, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Basti, Lakhimpur Kheri, Mirzapur, Jaunpur and Chitarakoot. In west UP, Agra recorded 40 mm rains, Saharanpur and Mathura 30 mm each and Aligarh 20 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726799", "title": "Sports world stands by tainted athlete", "text": "KOLKATA: Players from Bengal, including former champions like Jyotirmoyee Sikdar and Bula Chowdhury, came out in the open to rally around athlete Pinki Pramanik on Friday.The players felt that Pinki's human rights were being violated and that she deserves a more dignified treatment. They demanded that the humiliating treatment being meted out to the Asian gold medalist be stopped at once.\"I have known Pinki since 2001 when she came to train at Salt Lake stadium for the first time. She was not even 18 then. A girl from the village who could not even afford running shoes, she worked very hard to do the country proud. It is sad to see her undergoing such humiliation,\" said Sikdar.The former athlete said Renu Koli and J S Bhatt, who had trained both her and Pinki, are now in Italy. \"Both the coaches have told me to support Pinki,\" Sikdar added.\"As athletes, we have to undergo several medical tests. Pinki also underwent such tests before the Asian Games as well as the Commonwealth Games. She was qualified to play as a woman athlete only after that,\" said Sikdar.Former ace swimmer Bula Chowdhury asked why Pinki had been 'branded' a male even before the tests have been completed. \"Medical tests and the law will decide whether Pinki is male of female and whether she has committed the crime or not. But why have the police already started treating her as a male? And why are they behaving with her so indecently? If we do not protest, we are not sportspersons, we are not women and above all, we are not human beings,\" she said.Former footballer Subrata Bhattacharya also came out in support of Pinki. \"She is a simple girl from a remote village - too ignorant to manipulate things. Is she being subjected to such harassment and humiliation because she is still a simple girl at heart? There have been cases of hit-and-run cases, killing endangered animals and involving illegal arms involving celebrities. They manage to get bail soon after arrest. So why is Pinki being denied bail,\" questioned Bhattacharya.Those who had assembled at Calcutta Sports Journalist Club on Friday included sportspersons from various fields. Placards were put up at the venue with messages like: 'Pinki has done the country proud, 'Pinki is not a criminal' and 'Pinki does not deserve the kind of humiliation and harassment she is going through'.\"Players have to undergo hormone tests. There have been cases where woman players have failed the test because of excessive male hormone. Pinki was allowed to participate in her events only after such tests. It is possible that the male hormone became excessive in her body later. I am not sure of it. But whatever the reason, she should at least be treated with some dignity,\" said Kuntal Ghosh Dastidar, national women's football coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14726496", "title": "'Mr Commissioner, BDA needs major surgery'", "text": "BANGALORE: In a scathing attack on the Bangalore Development Authority, the Karnataka high court on Friday said the civic body was suffering from multiple organ failure and needed immediate surgery.\"Mr Commissioner, the BDA requires immediate surgery, not only major heart surgery, but for multiple organ failure. The entire system has failed and collapsed. Your town planning department has gone to the dogs. Your engineering section and others are beyond control. About allotment section, we read (newspapers) every day,\" Justice S Abdul Nazir observed, and asked BDA commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola to take immediate corrective action.\"You have to first provide amenities like water and roads in the 5-6 new layouts. Take necessary action because you have to answer one crore Bangaloreans,\" the judge advised. \"You can solve all your problems if you prepare a proper scheme, instead of jumping from one incomplete scheme to another. You can avoid not only litigation but also denotification under the Land Acquisition Act,\" he added, adjourning to Monday the hearing of petitions challenging the acquisition of lands for Nadaprabhu Kempe Gowda Layout.The BDA commissioner admitted that the authority is facing many problems, and that acquisition and denotification of land results in disturbing the plan and also creates 'haves' and 'have nots'. Because of a delay, the authority was not able to provide amenities due to increase in work cost, he informed the court.NOTICE TO OFFICIALS ON OVERCROWDED PRISONA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has ordered notice to the home secretary, health secretary and top officials of the prison department, with regard to a PIL seeking implementation of the recommendations made in a report by the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (Nimhans).City advocate Amit Anand, who filed the PIL, sought direction to the authorities to file an action taken report on the recommendations of the report. He prayed to court to direct the authorities to build separate prisons for undertrial prisoners and first-time offenders. As per the 2010 report by Nimhans, the prison at Parappana Agrahara has 5,200 inmates, as against its capacity of 2,100.The petitioner sought the appointment of at least one doctor for 500 prisoners and three paramedics, nurses and psychiatrists for every 700 prisoners. The study also revealed high levels of carbon monoxide among the prisoners, and that 61.3% consumed drugs, including cannabis, cocaine and barbiturates.BUILD YOUR OWN LAND BANK, HC TO GOVTThe court on Friday asked the state government to form its own land bank. \"You assess the availability of lands with you, whether they are leased or mortgaged. Prepare a list of such government lands. You make use of your own land, and avoid indiscriminate acquisition of (private) lands and also the controversies arising out of denotification... You discuss the matter with the chief minister and chief secretary and come up with a policy,\" Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh told Ashok Kumar Manoli, principal secretary to the revenue department who appeared before the court.\"Don't grant land to anybody. It has been observed that such lands have been sold to real estate companies. Instead, you can do group or community farming under the NREGA. Let them work in the fields,\" the judge observed, adjourning the hearing to August 13.The principal secretary informed the court that scanning and indexing of land/revenue records is going on in Shimoga, Hassan, Ramanagaram and Bellary districts. He expressed the hope that it would be completed by next June.Filed by P Vasanth Kumar,cleared by sita", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726812", "title": "One-year-old dies in fall from balcony in Korukkupet", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old boy survived a fall from his house on the second storey of a building in New Washermenpet with minor injuries but a one-year-old girl who slipped from the balcony on the first floor of her house in Korukkupet on Friday was not so fortunate and fell to her death on the road below.Anushka's mother told police that she was lying down with her daughter on the balcony, which had a widely-spaced railing welded to the top of the balustrade for extra safety, during the daily 4pm to 5pm power cut when the child awoke. \"The girl's mother, N Maheshwari, said her daughter was peeping through the gaps in the railing to look at a dog on the street when she slipped through its bars,\" RK Nagar inspector Arul Murugan said.\"Before her mother could react, the child leaned out too far while calling out to the dog and apparently fell through the balcony railing,\" he said.Maheshwari and shocked neighbours found the child in a pool of blood on the road. The child sustained injuries to the head. She was rushed to Government Stanley Hospital where she died.Anushka's father Nagaraj, who works for an export firm on MC Road in Royapuram was away when the incident took place. The body was taken to Tindivanam, her parents' native place, after a postmortem at Government Stanley Hospital. RK Nagar police registered a case under Section 174 of the CrPC (accidental death, magistrate to hold inquest) and are investigating.\"The couple came to the city from Tindivanam and took the house on rent only six months ago,\" said Mallika, a neighbour, adding that Anushka was just learning to walk. The child was active and was very fond of dogs, she said. \"Since Anushka was the couple's first child, they pampered her,\" Mallika said. \"Maheshwari is expecting a second child.\"In New Washermenpet, a three-year-old boy fell from a balcony on the second floor of his house but escaped with minor injuries to the shoulder.Police said Sajeesh Majin Ahmed was playing with friends on the second floor when the incident occurred. \"Sajeesh was taken to Government Stanley Hospital where he underwent treatment for his injuries,\" a police officer said.In a similar incident on February 27, a three-year-old girl, Neelam, slipped and plunged to her death from the second floor of a building in Kothavalchavadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727250", "title": "Monsoon hits some sectors, misses others", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first monsoon showers on Friday cheered some and astonished others. For, these poured plenty on some sectors and eluded the rest. Many sectors like 19, 11, 15, and 43 did not receive showers in the afternoon, while others experienced their largesse. For years, the city has been witnessing the trend.Nupur Chauhan, a resident of Shimla, was on her way to her friend Kriti Sharma's place when the strange weather surprised her. \"I was waiting at the Sector 17 bus stand when my friend told me that it was raining heavily in her sector. At first, I did not believe her. But when I reached there, I was startled... it was actually raining excessively there.\" Purnima Paudal of Sector 27 said, \"I left Sector 15 after spending some time with my friends... the sky was clear there. But when I reached my sector on my two-wheeler, I was all drenched.\"The trend is not new to the city. Swati Bhalla, a resident of Sector 40, said, \"Some days ago, it was sunny in my sector and I decided to go shopping to Sector 35. I was astounded when I reached the place, as it was raining heavily there.\" Sharing an incident, Anurag Sharma, who is pursuing an animation course here, said, \"Last year during monsoon, it was raining cats and dogs in Manimajra. When I reached late for my theatre classes in Sector 16, no one believed that I got late due to heavy downpour there, as the sky was clear in the sector.\"Residents who have been staying here for years and are familiar with the \"biased\" weather often check it before visiting a place. Dewankar Gupta, a city resident, said, \"I have been living here since eight years and know about the trend. That's why I always check the weather in advance before I go to a place.\"Weathermen said, \"Cloud formation, direction and movement are responsible for it.\" Chandigarh met department director Surinder Paul said, \"This phenomenon is not new to the city. It happens due to cloud formation. Also, the areas which are close to mountain region get rain first and more of it than others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727179", "title": "HC dismisses case against UB Group's beer factory", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday dismissed the writ petitions by affected farmers challenging the construction of UB Group's upcoming beer factory at Naubatpur in Patna district.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice Vikas Jain passed the order on a bunch of writ petitions filed by the farmers whose land was acquired by the state government. The farmers pleaded that their land was acquired for a sugar factory but the government transferred it to the UB group for setting up a beer factory. The high court had, on February 15, stayed the construction work of the factory. However, it revoked the stay order on March 21.On Friday, the court ruled that there was no constitutional violation in transferring the land to the UB Group and that all the rules were followed by the government in this connection.The petitioners had stated that the state government, in 2008, had acquired land from farmers on the pretext of setting up a sugar factory. Later, it handed over the land to the Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA), which transferred 42 acres of the land to the UB Group for setting up a beer factory, they stated. The transfer of land to the UB Group violated the norms as the state government had initially acquired the land for public purpose, the farmers pleaded and requested the court to annul the acquisition and direct the government to return their land.The government had acquired around 90 acres of land in the area.Additional advocate general (AAG) Lalit Kishore, who represented the state government, justified the government decision and told the court that all the procedures had been followed before the acquisition of land for public purpose. As there is shortage of industries in the state, the government decided to hand over the land for setting up a beer factory, which will ultimately generate employment and revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726023", "title": "CIC takes up five pending RTI pleas of late activist Balwani", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented order, the Central Information Commission (CIC) has taken up the pending RTI applications of murdered activist Ravinder Balwani and directed public authorities to disclose information. Of the information sought included domestic and international travel expenses of Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit .The order comes following the Commission's resolution in September, 2011, where it had decided that if it received a complaint regarding assault or murder of an information-seeker, it would take up the pending RTI application and order the department concerned to make the information public on its website.Information commissioner Annapurna Dixit took up the five pending RTI applications filed by Balwani after his daughter Sonia Balwani filed a complaint with the Commission.Dixit has in her June 29 order directed the Delhi government's general administration department to give details of CM's travel details, besides asking the Delhi Police to give a monthly update of Balwani's murder investigation.Balwani, who was an aide of Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal, was killed in a hit-and-run incident on April 23.Balwani had asked for inspection of airline bills of all trips taken by Dikshit in the last five years, which was allowed by the Delhi government's General Administration Department (GAD). Dixit in her order asked the department to put ``total expenses incurred on trips of the CM, national and international separately, be put up on the website of the public authority.''Taking cognizance of Sonia's complaint, Dixit has also asked Delhi Police to put a monthly update of the investigation on its website, and the case to be monitored at the level of assistant commissioner of police. Pointing out that FIR in the case was only filed a day after the incident, Dixit said, ``It is recommended that appropriate measures are taken to ensure that the investigation in the case is conducted in a fair manner as per provisions of law and Ms Sonia Balwani is kept informed every month through a communication about the progress in investigation.''Balwani had also sought information from the Indraprastha Power generation company and the urban development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726619", "title": "BJP finally speaks on IT raids", "text": "BHOPAL: More than a fortnight after the IT raids on builder Dilip Suryavanshi and BJP office bearer- turned-mining-giant Sudhir Sharma, the party in power finally spoke on the issue.An irate BJP president Prabhat Jha on Friday dared the income tax department to reveal the evidence that it has collected linking builder Dilip Suryavanshi and mining honcho Sudhir Sharma to the state government. Instead of defaming the BJP government with selective briefing of the media, the income tax department should call an official press conference and show the documents that have been recovered during the raids. The IT department is working with a malafide intention of defaming the ruling BJP government by leaking out consistently and on a daily basis information which is targeted at hurting the image of the party,'' a fuming Prabhat Jha said.Irked with the recent IT raids on Suryavanshi and BJP office bearer Sudhir Sharma, the state party president Prabhat Jha alleged that much of what has appeared in the media is exaggerated and false''. Section 138 of the Income Tax Act categorically specifies that the department cannot disclose information regarding assesses in the underhand manner that it is doing. The department will lose the seriousness and respect it commands with this kind of malicious and false information leakage,'' Jha said.Defending Suryavanshi and chief of the BJP education cell Sudhir Sharma, the BJP president said: Let us not punish them because they are businessmen. Is making business your career illegal in this country? Every businessman earns profits. If appropriate amount of taxes have not been filed, the IT department has the authority to raid, assess the amount and penalty due and ask them to pay up. More than this, the IT department cannot do. Linking a political party or its government with certain raids is not the IT department's job. And if they have the evidence of the BJP's dishonest links with the businessmen, let them come out with it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "14727483", "title": "Fibre tokens end coin shortage in Bagalkot town", "text": "BAGALKOT: Call it illegal tender, but the parallel currency of fibre tokens in denominations up to Rs 5 has solved the big problem of small change at a town in Bagalkot district.Shortage of coins had forced shopkeepers in Mahalingapur to hand out a chocolate or a toffee in lieu of change in a purchase made. Customers had no other option, but to grumble and accept whatever that came their way. But the new solution could be looking at sudden death if the central bank orders a crackdown on the parallel currency.The problem is acute in shops like dairies, hotels and grocery shops. The affected owners put their heads together to come up with fibre tokens - for instance, a customer makes a purchase worth Rs 19 and hands a Rs 20 note, he will get a one-rupee fibre token instead of a legal tender. He can tender it as Re 1 the next time he visits the shop.According to Shekhar Angadi, president of the citizens' welfare committee, said: \"The system is convenient, saves time. It increases the shop loyalty as the token can be transacted only at that particular outlet.\"Mahadevappa Shirol, who owns a tea kiosk, threw light on the gains he's been making out of the fibre-token system. \"Earlier, we used to pay 10% commission to get small change for, let's say, Rs 100 or Rs 50. Now, that's been saved, and we can keep our clientele intact.\"Customers like Basavaraj Nagur are happy as they're not forced to accept chocolates or \"other unwanted stuff\" instead of small change. Suresh Shetty, a hotel owner, said: \"Till now, we would send our employees to get change, crunching our resources. It's a win-win for customers and shopowners\"Well, what if fake tokens flood the town? Votaries of the token system brush it aside as unviable, saying it costs Rs 4 to prepare each token.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14726113", "title": "Parsekar vows to heal North Goa's district hospital", "text": "MAPUSA: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar has promised to fast track the development of the North Goa district hospital, and said he'll to commission all the facilities lacking at the hospital.Ten months after its inauguration, hospital at Mapusa is still not running smoothly. The 'state-of-art hospital' runs without a blood bank, which incidentally existed at the old Asilo hospital, which is now not operational. The new hospital also lacks facilities for ICU, kitchen and canteen. Of the four 'routine' operation theatres at the hospital, only three are functioning.Parsekar, along with director of health services Sanjeev Dalvi and Mapusa MLA and urban development minister Francis D'Souza, visited the hospital on Friday.Expressing dismay over the hospital's functioning, Parsekar said \"the hospital building is very good but is not being used properly, and there is a lot of scope for proper utilization of the space.\"The directorate of health services' (DHS) drug detoxification centre was shifted from Khorlim-Mapusa to the new district hospital at Peddem in October. The patients, however, are still being handled at the OPD level as the hospital's 10-bed psychiatric ward has been kept locked. Parsekar changed that on Friday.\"I have directed the authorities to start the ward. Patients will be admitted from Saturday onwards,\" he said.\"As per MCI guidelines, a new licence has to be procured if the blood bank facility is to be shifted. We have applied for it and are expecting to get it soon. As a temporary solution, we have secured permission to store blood at the hospital,\" Parsekar said.\"Some doctors had been given charge of the primary health centre (PHC) and the community health centre (CHC). They will be commissioned back to the hospital and new doctors will be hired to fill the posts at the PHCs and CHCs,\" he said.He also said that the North Goa district hospital will be given an independent superintendent.Determined to put the state's health care system in order, Parsekar has been visiting primary health centres across the state. He claims to have visited almost 90% of them and states that the functioning and performance of many of the PHCs and CHCs was satisfactory.Parsekar said that his department has advertised job opportunities for 286 available posts for nurses in hospitals and health centres. There are two district hospitals, five CHCs and 19 PHCs in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14725648", "title": "Truck kills four on bike", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Five people lost their lives in two separate accidents on Friday.In the first case, four people died near Piplera village in Ghaziabad, just off the NH-24, on Friday afternoon when a speeding truck mowed down the motorbike on which they were travelling.Police said the victims included two children. The deceased have been identified as Mohan (25), his sister-in-law Savita (24) and her two children Gopal (5) and Radha (3). The truck driver fled after the accident. The truck was being driven at high speed and the road was narrow. The driver lost control and crashed into the bike near a turn.In the other incident in Sahibabad, a juice seller was killed after a Tata Indica rammed into the stall in which he was sleeping. The deceased has been identified as Shahid Ali (45). Police said, \"Two people were in the car. While one of them fell unconscious and is in hospital, the other fled.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730345", "title": "Wajid to sing for outside composers", "text": "Bollywood music composers singing their own tunes is now passe. Music composers are now singing other composers' tunes. Vishal Dadlani sang for composer Vishal Bhardwaj in Kaminey and for Abhishek-Akshay in Vicky Donor.Now we hear Wajid of the Sajid-Wajid team is all set to sing songs by other composers. Apparently after his vocals in the chartbuster Chinta ta ta and Mukhtasar in Rowdy Rathore and Teri Meri Kahani ,Wajid is seriously interested in pursuing flooded with singing offers . We hear he has received singing offers from a nearly a dozen composers. And Wajid is all set to take up at last half of these offers.Says the composer-singer, \"Yes, I am about to branch out as an independent singer. After Chinta ta ta and Mukhtar there have been many tempting offers. I am taking up some of these. The thing is,my brother and I are very busy with composition.So I'd have to divide my time between my work as a composer and singer very judiciously.It's rather flattering to have other composers want me to sing their songs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14728067", "title": "Cops asked to exercise caution in dowry cases", "text": "BANGALORE: Men falsely accused of demanding dowry can breathe easy. Checks and balances have been put in place to handle dowry harassment complaints that have often led to accused husbands and in-laws being arrested.Police officers in Karnataka have been told to exercise restraint while making arrests on plaints relating to offences under Section 498-A of the IPC. A recent circular has laid out guidelines to handle such complaints. \"An arrest under Section 498-A should be made only with a written order from a police officer of the rank of superintendent in the districts or deputy commissioner in commissionerates. Arrests should be resorted to only for acceptable reasons,\" the circular said.CHECKS &amp; BALANCESCounsellors will mediate between spouses Counsellors' reports will be sent to DCPs/SPs Officers will invoke Section 498-A if they're not satisfied with counselling results Investigating officers can arrest accused husband and in-laws only with written order from jurisdictional DCP/SP All dowry plaints will be screenedBangalore: The Karnataka police officers have been instructed not to accept dowry harassment cases at face value, and study them well before pressing ahead. This could spell the end \u2014 or, at least, reduction \u2014 of false and trumped-up cases.According to a recent circular, all complaints should be screened by professional and trained family counsellors to weed out frivolous cases. Their reports will be submitted to DCPs or officers of equivalent rank; only if they are not satisfied with counselling results can Section 498A be invoked.The advisory follows recommendations of the Rajya Sabha Committee of Petitions, which has asked the state governments to take effective measures to curb misuse of Section 498-A. The circular also mandates that the guidelines should be displayed at all police stations to ensure the public are aware of their rights/liabilities. ` The dowry harassment law should not be invoked against juveniles, the advisory says. In case of any exceptions, the investigating officer should ensure children are put under the care of the child welfare committee for interim care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14727528", "title": "Aliens may look like giant jellyfish", "text": "LONDON: Aliens may not actually resemble the little green creatures Hollywood loves to portray them as. Rather, they are more likely to look like 'giant jellyfish with orange bottoms' , if a British space scientist is to be believed.\"My vision of aliens is an inhuman , silicon-based life form that looks much more like a jellyfish than sci-fi's little green men. It is likely that there is extra-terrestrial life - it is just more alien than you'd imagine,\" Maggie Aderin-Pocock , satellite expert said.They may look like footballfield sized jellyfish, complete with onion-shaped appendages and an orange underbelly or bottom, the Daily Mail reported quoting the scientist. The orange underside acts as camouflage, while the onion-like appendages provide as buoyancy sacs, inhaling and letting out gas. \"They will live not in the sea but in the atmosphere of a Jupiter-like planet, where they float around,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14724859", "title": "Congress will not have a cakewalk in presidential polls: Sangma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP-supported presidential candidate P A Sangma today said that Congress will not have a cake walk in the election to the top constitutional post of the country.\"Congress will not have a cakewalk in the presidential elections,\" Sangma, who is in the city to campaign for the July 19 presidential election, told reporters here.\"India should have a President, who is not blind, dumb and deaf. India should have a thinking and a functional President,\" Sangma said when he was asked about his views on the top post.He lashed out at UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee for rejecting the suggestion for a debate between the two.Sangma had virtually dared Mukherjee for a debate ahead of the poll, saying democracy needs debate.He said that he was ready for a debate, but the Congress rejected the idea. \"Pranab Mukherjee said that what is there to debate for the post of President, as he has to follow the policy decision taken by the council of ministers headed by the Prime Minister. What he meant is that President's is a rubber stamp post,\" Sangma remarked.\"His (Mukherjee's) statement suggests that if he is elected, he would follow the letter of the Constitution. But I would follow the spirit of the Constitution,\" he said.\"If I am elected, I will defend and protect the Constitution of India, integrity and sovereignty of India. Today problems like Naxalism and Maoism are related to tribals. If a tribal is made the President of India, he can help solve the problems,\" he added.Supported by BJP , BJD, AIADMK and other small parties, Sangma was on a one-day visit to the state to seek support for his candidature.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who shared the stage with Sangma at a function here, described him as a \"spotless leader\" and a \"great Speaker of the Lok Sabha\".Modi said that a 'chamatkar' (miracle) is still possible and Sangma can occupy the top post of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724756", "title": "Jundal bares ISI hand in 26/11", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key 26/11 conspirator Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has reportedly claimed that Major Saleem Ali of Pakistan's ISI came to the Beit-ul-Mujahideen camp in Muzzafarabad a few days before the Mumbai attacks and handed over two cartons of cartridges for AK series weapons. Sources said the same cartridges were used by the 10 terrorists including Ajmal Kasab in the Mumbai carnage.Giving more details of Sameer Ali's role, Jundal told his interrogators that he had also arranged the logistics for the 'marine training' of the 10 terrorists at Karachi harbour. Apart from Sameer Ali, another ISI officer Hamza has been reportedly named by Jundal, which clearly proves the role of state actors in the 26/11 attack. Jundal's version corroborates David Coleman Headley's statement naming one Major Sameer Ali during his interrogation.About Hamza, who is said to be a colonel rank officer, sources said he helped Jundal with finance and shelter and also arranged his visit to Saudi Arabia.The revelations are seen as yet another proof of the involvement of Pakistani state agencies in the 26/11 attacks. They also fly in the face of visiting Pakistani foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani's denial of any role of state agencies in the plotting and execution of Mumbai attacks.About Sameer Ali, sources claimed he had visited the control room -- located in the Malir Cantonment area -- during the 26/11 attacks and gave instructions to LeT commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi on how to go about the operation.After the 26/11 attack ended on November 28, 2008, all those in the control room were asked to disperse. Jundal went back to Beit-ul-Mujahideen, where Lakhvi lived with his three wives. Under pressure over the 26/11 strikes, Pakistan's FIA raided the control room and destroyed it weeks after the attacks. Months later, it raided the camp and picked up Lakhvi. Jundal, however, managed to escape.Meanwhile, Delhi Police is planning to send a Letter Rogatory (LR) to Saudi Arabia seeking more details about Jundal's stay, his job and about computers used by him. Delhi Police has already got a lot of information including email IDs, four SIM cards of Pakistan and SMS details from Saudi Arabia through diplomatic channels but sources said they needed more information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726947", "title": "Gujarat helps push India's maritime military strategy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Navy's request to Gujarat government to allot it a piece of land in Gandhinagar has also pushed into view India's maritime military strategy. India is a maritime country but it still has a long way to go to fully realize its maritime capabilities, a key objective of the maritime strategy. Maritime capabilities can be exploited to their full potential if maritime infrastructure exists. Fortunately, for the country, an array of maritime infrastructure already exists in Gujarat both in public and private domain, which can be utilized for furthering the country's interests. Among Indian Navy's assets in Gujarat, INS Valsura, Jamnagar operates under the training command while its facilities at Bedi Port, Okha and Porbandar are under Western Naval Command together with the UAV squadron at Porbandar airport. Indian Navy's officer incharge based in Porbandar is its points man, who is also responsible at the moment for drawing up the maritime armed force's long term plan in the state.An Indian Navy office in Gandhinagar would mean positioning of an officer of the rank of rear admiral. He would be responsible for coordinating Indian Navy's operations with other national security agencies based in Gujarat. This would point towards the intention of Indian Navy to upgrade its bases in Porbandar, Okha and at Bedi. With air power having been recognized as an integral part of maritime military strategy, it could also be expected that Porbandar airport's operations some day would come to be greatly controlled by Indian Navy, which plans to set up a control room at this coastal town for surveillance by aircraft and UAV. \"Air power will be used to achieve synergistic effects, through its inherently superior reach and precision, to enable surveillance, strike at vulnerabilities, and to overwhelm adversary's defences. Satellite-based surveillance, unmanned surveillance vehicles and networked capabilities will have significant impact on our strategy in the envisaged time frame,\" the maritime military strategy document says.Keeping a watch on The Strait of Hormuz, one of the nine important passages that provide access to Indian Ocean , without having a substantial presence in Gujarat would thus be difficult for the Indian Navy. That Gujarat government has reportedly asked the Indian Navy for a written request for land in Gandhinagar is thus a welcome development in the backdrop of these facts, observers say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726394", "title": "Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India awards certificates to 14 Biotechnopreneurs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fourteen biotechnopreneurs were awarded certificates on completion of 10-month weekend biotechnopreneur programme on Friday.A first of its kind, the programme conducted by Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI), Ahmedabad, is conceived and supported by Gujarat State Biotechnology Mission of department of science and technology, and Foundation for MSME Clusters - the implementing agency of National Science &amp; Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board of DST, Government of India.Addressing the participants, Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary, science and technology, emphasized the significance of creating synergies among various stakeholders and developing information systems for the benefit of first generation entrepreneurs. \"Gujarat has a strong base of business endeavours, and technology-oriented business areas, including biotech and IT, are picking up gradually,\" he said.Senior scientist with department of biotechnology, ministry of science and technology, Renu Swarup, appreciated the efforts of the state to promote entrepreneurship in the biotechnology sector.\"Of the 19 participants, who attended the programme, six have set up their enterprises and six are in the advanced stage of setting up their venture,\" said S B Sareen, senior faculty, EDI.Three participants were awarded cash prize of Rs 1 lakh each for innovative projects.The programme aimed at promoting entrepreneurs in the life science sector and its objective was to promote entrepreneurs in the areas of biotechnology, pharmaceuticals and medical devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "dantewada", "code": "14726060", "title": "Orphans of Maoist violence find a home in Dantewada", "text": "DANTEWADA: Six-year-old Shiva Yadav sang softly to Shahid Khan, about two-and-half-year-old, trying to lull him to sleep. Their mothers - Vime Yadav and Kureshia Begum \u2014 were busy chopping vegetables for dinner of 250 children at Dantewada's Aastha hostel in south Chhattisgarh. Vime is a cook and Kureshia works as a peon at state government-run Aastha. They landed the jobs after their husbands were killed in a landmine blast in 2009.Like Shiva and Shahid, their fathers were friends. \"They had gone to Kerlapal to buy fowls. While they were returning home, the vehicle carrying four persons blew up in a landmine blast triggered by the Maoists,\" said Vime.Aastha is home to 127 girls and 123 boys who are orphans from villages of Dantewada and surrounding districts of Chhattisgarh ravaged by Maoist violence. Parents of many of the children were killed by the Red ultras.Kamla Curram (14) studies in class IX. She left her home in Konta's Chittalguda village in the Maoist heartland and came to Aastha in 2007 after her father was killed by Maoists and her mother died of malaria in 2006.Kamla said, \"The Maoists came to the village at night and took away my father along with five other villagers to the jungle. They were hacked to death. We found him next morning.\"She is scared every time she returns to the village during summer vacation. She is determined though not to let the fear get the better of her. \"I sing when I feel depressed,\" she said. She dreams of becoming a doctor.Sushma Das, in-charge of the girls at Aastha, said, \"She has a good voice. So, we arranged for a teacher to give her music lessons.\"After the children come to Aastha from villages they are coached for admission to schools. \"We want to make use of the Right to Education in case of these children,\" said Dantewada collector O P Chowdhury.Aastha inmates currently study in various schools, including Kendriya Vidyalaya. \"The older children are coached for various entrance tests,\" said Ramesh Baghel, in-charge of the boys at the hostel.In 2011, Chowdhury started a project called, Chhoo lo Aasman, to coach children from remote Maoist-hit villages in science and mathematics. \"In Bastar, there is an acute shortage of good science and mathematics teachers. So, we selected teachers with proven track record in these subjects and housed them at residential schools for those who want to study science after class X,\" said Chowdhury.Currently, around 180 girls and 140 boys are coached in science subjects at residential schools at Karli and Balood in Dantewada. All expenses are borne by the state government.At Karli, Veena Podiyam is among the girls who cleared the pharmacy entrance test. She also appeared in the medical entrance test. In January, her brother was died in police custody in Sukma. He was picked up by the CRPF on the suspicion that he was a Maoist and handed over to district police. It was alleged that he committed suicide in the police lock-up. Rights activists alleged he was killed by police who tortured him.Monika Jatre of Sukma's Chhindgarh village has grown up battling terror and seeing villagers killed by Maoists. \"I don't want to go to my village,\" she said. The class XI student has enrolled in for science coaching and is studying hard for pharmacy, nursing and medical entrance tests at the Karli residential school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725750", "title": "Centre for cadaver organ transplants needs 'jeevandan'", "text": "HYDERABAD: After three years, the state government launched the much-awaited Jeevandan scheme to promote cadaver organ transplants by inaugurating a nodal centre at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) in June this year. But two weeks down the inaugural, things seem to have come to a gridlock once again. For, this nodal office is lying in a near-defunct state except for the presence of a couple of staffers and two computers.On their part, hospital officials stated that 33 persons, who need kidneys, had been registered so far with the centre but experts say the state continues to be apathetic towards effective implementation of the scheme. As part of the plan, the authorities were supposed to come up with a software to create a data bank of recipients/donors and ensure an impartial distribution of organs. Committees had to be formed and a coordinator (government had plans to appoint an IAS officer ), who is supposed to lead the scheme, had to be appointed. The long drawn process of licensing hospitals equipped to take up cadaver organ transplants and formulation of rules and regulations had to be taken up. \"People had to be trained. Even the parameters for registration have not been specified by the authorities till date,\" said an expert, adding that the government is only talking about the scheme but so far the implementation part is next to nil.In fact, sources said that a Jeevandan office was functional in the office of the director of medical education after the scheme was announced. According to Mohan Foundation, an NGO that facilitates organ transplants, cadaver transplants this year have declined to an all time low. In the last six months, just about eight transplants have been performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725036", "title": "Mayawati DA case: CBI mulls legal remedies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court may have said that the CBI exceeded its jurisdiction in filing a disproportionate assets case against BSP supremo Mayawati but the top court had from time to time allowed the agency to file probe status reports in the case. Friday's development has left the agency shell shocked and it is now exploring legal remedies as the order might have a bearing on other such cases.The CBI, on the basis of orders of the Supreme Court dated September 18, 2003, had filed two separate FIRs -- 18/2003 pertaining to Taj Corridor case and 19/2003 pertaining to disproportionate assets case. The agency had also informed the SC that the disproportionate assets case against Mayawati was not linked with the Taj Corridor case, based on which the apex delinked the two cases on October 25, 2004.While delinking the two cases, the Supreme Court had said, \"Re: FIR0062003A0019, further investigation report filed by the CBI in this connection while indicating largescale irregularities and the Taj Corridor matter which is the subject matter of reference before the special bench. The CBI therefore is at liberty to proceed with and take action on the basis of their investigation in respect of this FIR. In the event any link is disclosed in the course of such investigation between facts as found and the Taj Corridor project, the CBI will bring the same to the notice of this court. In any event, the CBI will be entitled to take action on the basis of the investigation as it may think fit.\"After filing the cases, the agency kept informing the apex court on the developments in both cases by way of filing status reports, sources said.Sources said on July 19, 2004, the Supreme Court had even granted additional time of eight weeks to the CBI to complete probe in the Taj Corridor case and three months time in respect of the disproportionate assets case. Sources said after Mayawati filed her writ petition before the apex court on May 8, 2005 seeking quashing of the FIR in the disproportionate assets case, the agency had taken a conscious view to not proceed further till its disposal.The agency during its probe had found substantial disproportionate assets allegedly in possession of the former Uttar Pradesh CM as well as her close relatives, sources said. They said the agency had adequate incriminating evidence to establish a DA case, contrary to legitimization of her income by the income tax authorities who considered gifts and donations valid for the purpose of calculation of tax.CBI sources said their approach to disproportionate assets cases is to ascertain whether they have been obtained through legitimate means or in illicit manner unlike tax authorities who probe tax evasion only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726199", "title": "Girl admits suicide bid a big mistake", "text": "MUMBAI: Sheetal Kale, the teenager who jumped off the Nalanda skywalk on Eastern Express Highway on Thursday, has told the police that she and her boyfriend live in the same neighbourhood at Kamraj Nagar and studied together in school before she had to give up education due to a financial crisis. The couple reportedly used to meet frequently. On Thursday, Sheetal said she called her boyfriend to Nalanda Nagar at around 4pm to know if he was interested in marrying her. \"He refused as he is unemployed. He also said he wanted to get the consent of his parents. He then said he did not want to continue the relationship, leaving me depressed,\" she told the cops.Minutes after the boy left, Sheetal climbed up the skywalk and jumped. \"A youth near the highway side immediately signalled to others and rushed to the middle of the highway. Eyewitnesses said they forced speeding vehicles to take a diversion so that they would not run over the girl. They took her to Rajawadi Hospital in a car after informing the police,\" sub-inspector Arjun Jagdale said.Sheetal's father is a daily wage labourer, while her mother is a housemaid. In fact, the girl, too, does household work for a livelihood. Her father said, \"We were shocked when we learned about our daughter's act. We didn't know she was having an affair.\"The girl was shifted to Sion Hospital on Friday. \"She has admitted that she has done a big mistake by trying to end her life. We counselled her and got an assurance that she will not repeat such an act,\" said Nirmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727247", "title": "Weathermen Chandigarh\u2019s new pundits", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's weathermen are juggling too many hats. They are not only forecasting weather trends, but are also acting as \"advisers\".Instead of visiting astrologers, feng shui and vastu shastra experts before planning a marriage ceremony or building their dream house, many residents are calling in weathermen to know the day's prediction.Chandigarh meteorological department director Surinder Paul said, \"Every year, especially during monsoon, we are inundated with calls inquiring about the sunshine days.\"On Thursday as pre-monsoon showers brought cheers to many, the met department received a call from a curious resident. \"The caller wanted to know the forecast for Sunday, as his daughter was getting married on the day. He did not want rain to play spoilsport. He asked for the predictions, so that he could make additional arrangements,\" he added.It's not just the common man, but priests too are knocking on his doors. \"A few months ago, a temple priest rang me up to know the temperature forecast for a day when they planned to hold a ceremony. They wanted to make arrangements accordingly,\" he smile'.Such calls daily deluge his office. \"I don't even remember how many inquiries I have received till date. On an average, I receive 10 to 15 such calls every day and hundreds of queries on our toll-free number.\" The curious gallery includes all and sundry from bureaucrats to farmers.Residents not just zero in on the finest caterers, venues and DJs, but also on the clear, buoyant days before holding a celebration. \"Many people call in to know the best time to organize ceremonies and events. They inquire about the suitable days when weather will be pleasant, so that they can organize events in open air.\"Farmers, too, ring up before going ahead with their plans. \"Farmers' queries revolve around rainfall, frost, fog and the best time for irrigation, among others.\"Nowadays, he often refers people to the department website that gives forecast for the next three hours. \"It enables them make their short-term plans,\" he beamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726440", "title": "Italian team maps Kala Ramji Mandir at Haji Patel ni Pol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Italian experts were in the city to map the 350-year-old Kala Ramji Mandir at Haji Patel ni Pol using three dimensional laser scanners. The team which was camping here for the past two days left the city on Friday.The temple was first adopted by a corporate house for restoration process in February. Since then a detailed documentation of the haveli temple's structure has been underway. City Heritage Centre (CHC), an NGO, invited the Italian team to scan the temple, to show that documentation of the temple that normally takes close to a month-and-a-half can be reduced to just a few days.The three-member Italian team carried with them a hefty camera on a tripod which almost looks like a turret. The camera had a laser-based device which panned over the area. In about few minutes, it captured millions of separate data points at a sub-millimeter resolution. Only few sweeps are needed to render an entire 360-degree model of the temple. The digital data file can be split into a nearby laptop and a detailed 3-D images of the insides of the temple can be seen and rendered. Using the data points, measurement of different structures of the haveli temple can be calculated. A similar scanner was used by a Scotland Yard team from UK to map Ran-ki-Vav in Patan.\"The documentation process that used to take almost a month was done in a jiffy. It included engineering drawings and elevation studies. This tool can be important for the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation, as it can be used to document 12,000 odd heritage buildings in the city,\" said CHC founder Rajiv Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725978", "title": "Cops return Pascal's DNA test report", "text": "BANGALORE: In an unprecedented development, police sought clarifications and returned the findings of the DNA test on the samples of French diplomat Pascal Mazurier, accused of raping his four-year-old daughter.Senior police officers said, on the condition of anonymity, that the findings were partially positive but contradictory in others, necessitating the clarifications.\"The report is partially clear but inconsistent in parts. We are seeking clarifications and once the DNA centre at the Forensic Sciences Laboratory gives clarifications to our queries, we will accept the report. We do not want a report that is only clear in parts. We want a full report that would either confirm that the blood samples collected from Pascal match with the semen traces collected from the child's dress and swab samples, or conclusively say that they don't match,\" one police officer said.In all, nine samples of Pascal's blood, swabs and semen stains on the child's dress were sent to the DNA centre.Pascal, deputy head of chancery at the French consulate here, was arrested by the High Grounds police three days after his Indian wife, Suja Jones Mazurier, filed a complaint on June 14, accusing him of raping their second child. The couple has two sons.\"We will be able to file a chargesheet against Pascal once the DNA report is able to clearly state whether the two set of samples match fully or not. There should be no room for doubt in such a report,\" a senior police official said.Sources in the government-run DNA laboratory, Koramangala had admitted recently that experts had a tough time extracting DNA from the swab, blood and other samples, which had delayed the report. It has been three weeks since the samples were sent to the laboratory and police are awaiting results to proceed with filing a chargesheet in the case. Tests on some samples are over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725164", "title": "Enforcement Directorate gets CBI court nod to grill Jaganmohan for 14 days", "text": "HYDERABAD: A marathon 14-day grilling by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) awaits Jaganmohan Reddy as a special court on Friday permitted the agency to question him about flow of foreign funds into his firms. Jagan will be quizzed from 10 am to 5 pm in the presence of a lawyer in Chanchalguda jail from Saturday. The grilling will go on till July 21.Rejecting the objections raised by Jagan to the ED plea, the court, which had on July 2 reserved its orders, gave the go-ahead for the central agency to question Jagan from July 7 to 21. Principal special judge U Durga Prasada Rao said the quizzing should be done only during daytime and in the presence of Jagan's counsel. \"He should be given documentary and secretarial assistance during the questioning, if the same is sought by him,\" the judge said.The ED is tracking the flow of the proceeds of the crime in the Jagan assets case -- both under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA). The ED's investigation unit from Delhi is also independently moving ahead to attach these properties which are identified as proceeds of crime under section 5 of the PMLA.The special judge, while brushing aside the objections on questioning an accused in the jail raised by Jagan's counsel, cited the judgment of the AP high court that allowed the ED to question Ramalinga Raju and other accused in the Satyam scam in the jail, and allowed the ED to question Jagan in the jail in this case as well.In his counter, the MP urged the court to dismiss the petition. Jagan argued that he is no longer chairman or director of Jagati Publications, the investments into which have come under the ED scanner. Jagati Publications, which publishes Telugu daily `Sakshi,' allegedly received investments from firms based abroad in return for the favours doled out to them by then government of YS Rajasekhara Reddy.Responding to the plea of the ED to examine Jagan on charges of money-laundering as a representative of Jagathi Publications, Jagan filed the counter-affidavit in the CBI court stating that the company had appointed its secretary CPN Karthik to appear in all inquiries and legal proceedings and hence he be exempted from the questioning under section 305 of CrPC.However, the ED argued that Jagan's resignation from Jagati Publications was immaterial as the agency suspected him of contravening provisions of the PMLA. The judge said that the ED has got powers under section 52 of the PMLA to question Jagan which will have overriding effect on Sec 305. It may be recalled the ED had questioned last month industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad, suspended bureaucrat B P Acharya and another official K V Brahmananda Reddy in Chanchalguda Jail in connection with the case.Jagan was arrested by the CBI on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14727952", "title": "Govt to buy office space at World Trade Centre", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has decided to purchase office space at the World Trade Centre (WTC) at Rs 28,000 per sq feet.An office space of approximately 8,172 sq feet, already occupied by the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority (MWRRA) will be purchased by the government for Rs 22.88 crore. The office space was leased to the authority by SICOM for approximately Rs 120 per sq feet.The government will pay Rs 10 crore at the time of registration of the sale deed and the remained will paid by the end of the financial year. The authority will have to pay for the transfer fee.The government has also directed other government offices who have sub-leased office space at the WTC to pay the organisation Rs 120 per sq feet as lease rent as against Rs 70 per sq feet. The rent will be applicable retrospectively, said a government notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725780", "title": "Experts hint at dip in tiger population in AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: The forest department could still be collating data from the recently concluded state-wide tiger census but sources have confirmed that the population of the big cats in AP has dropped significantly.While forest department officials put the figure at 95, which is 11 tigers less than what was reported in 2011, wildlife experts insist that AP's tiger population could not be much more than 70-80 at present.Of this, roughly 60 are to be found in the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR). The Kawal belt in Adilabad has only two big cats as against a rumoured seven while the dense forests of Eturnagaram (Warangal), once a popular tiger belt, is now devoid of tigers, the experts said.The sprawling sanctuaries of Papikonda, Kinnerasani (both in Khammam) and Gundla Brahmeswara (Kurnool) put together would add another 8-10 tigers at best. These, too, were reputed to be healthy breeding grounds for the big cats until a few years back.The month-long census was launched on May 1 for AP's 27 sanctuaries and national parks. While the final report from this annual exercise is still awaited, sources rue that the findings have been far from impressive. \"This clearly indicates that the much-hyped protective measures taken by the department have failed to yield results,\" said a wildlife expert working in the tiger belts in AP.Apart from NSTR where the numbers have jumped marginally, all other sanctuaries have either reported a drop or seen no tiger movement at all.\"This is primarily due to negligence and unregulated developmental activities undertaken on forest land,\" said a wildlife activist, adding that, \"in the name of providing facilities to animals, the department has felled thousands of trees and sapped the soil of moisture at most places. It has turned away the herbivores these big cats prey on\".Worse, most of these sanctuaries are grappling with a shortage of forest guards. Even Kawal, which was recently declared a tiger reserve, has just about 30 forest officers watching over its 890 square kilometre expanse.\"At Papikonda and Kinnerasani, the staff strength is poorer,\" said a source familiar with this belt. That poaching and hunting have become the order of the day, then, comes as no surprise. On the positive side, the state has reported a miniscule jump in its panther count, sources said. As against 180-200 in 2011, their numbers have risen to 210 this year. \"But this is only a rough estimate. The actual count can be ascertained only after the national census of 2014,\" the official said.SV Kumar, the chief wildlife warden of AP, refused to comment on the drop in the tiger population. He said that the final report was still being prepared and would be available by the end of this month. \"People will know whether the tiger count has improved or not once the report is made public,\" he said. Only recently Kumar had reportedly claimed a 10% rise in the state's big cat population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14726722", "title": "Centre 'realises' MGD unachievable, sets short term targets for health dept", "text": "JAIPUR: The Centre has set short targets for the state medical health and family welfare department in order to make it easy for the department to come close to the objectives set for the millennium development goals (MDG).The move could be seen as a last-ditch effort from the Centre as the target year is approaching fast. As part of the effort, it has approved Rs1,428 crore for various programmes including for reducing maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate in 2012-13.Besides, the state government has also stepped up efforts by introducing various programmes and also by strengthening the existing ones. Rajasthan was adjudged the best implementation state for Janani Suraksha Yojna (JSY) in the country. The medical health and family welfare department officials claimed that about 16 lakh deliveries were carried out through the scheme, which had a remarkable impact on improving the IMR and the MMR in the state.As per the MDG, the state government has to reduce MMR by three fourths between 1990 and 2015. The department claimed that they have launched several programmes to encourage pregnant women for institutional deliveries to improve MMR and IMR.Besides, the state government has strengthened its immunization programme in December 2011. Rajasthan has the distinction of being the first in India to include the Hepatitis B vaccine as part of the routine immunization. Also, the state is the first to establish specialized facility based newborn care units to address early neonatal mortality. Though the state has stepped-up efforts but it is too late to achieve the MDG.The total fertility rate of Rajasthan is 3.1 as per the SRS 2010 survey. But, as per the MDG, the state government has to reduce it to 2.1 by 2015.However, the Centre has set a target for the state government to achieve 2.6 by the end of 2014-15, which is higher the MDG. It shows that the Centre too has realized that achieving MDG is not possible.Now, to bring the targets close to the MDG, the Centre has set yearly targets. By the end of 2012-13, the medical health and family welfare department has to bring down TFR from 3.1 to 2.9. And by the end of 2013-14, the target would be to reduce the TFR from 2.9 to 2.8. Also by 2014-15, it would be to reduce the TFR to 2.6.Now, to reduce TFR, the medical health and family welfare department has decided to set a target to sterilize one lakh cases in the entire state. The department would sterilize one lakh cases in just 14 days (from July 11 to July 24).A department official said they are putting in efforts to stabilize the population growth as per the MDG.But the department official claimed that reducing TFR is a challenge as 1/3rd of the population growth is due to unplanned and unintended pregnancies. When unplanned pregnancies are reported in such a high number, then the TFR in such a state is always high. So, the department is putting in efforts to spread awareness about planning pregnancies.The department has directed the ANMs to indentify the eligible couples and inform them about planning pregnancies and other family planning measures.As far as other health indicators like infant mortality rate and maternal mortality ratio are concerned, the state is finding it difficult to achieve the targets. But, the officials claimed that they are putting a lot of efforts in reducing IMR and MMR by various interventions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14731418", "title": "Parliamentary panel to assess manual scavenging in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Contrary to Odisha government's affidavit in the Supreme Court that the state is \"manual scavengers free,\" Census 2011 has found unusually high prevalence of the obnoxious practice. Taking serious note of the findings, a Parliamentary committee is scheduled to visit the state later this month to assess the situation.Confirming the forthcoming visit of Union law makers, principal secretary (housing and urban development) Injeti Srinivas said the team had initially planned to come on July 6, which did not materialize. \"They will give us a fresh date soon,\" Srinivas told TOI.The latest Census report found 24,496 latrines where night soil was being removed by human (human scavenging), including 18,949 cases in rural areas and 7,547 cases in urban localities.These include 2,528 in Balasore, 3,177 in Cuttack, 2,218 in Khurda and 1,202 in Ganjam. The Census found no district in the state completely free of human scavenging though the practice was significantly low with less than 50 cases each in Deogarh (39), Gajapati (44) and sonepur (44) districts.The Census found over 81,000 cases of prohibited unsanitary practices, including human scavenging, night soil serviced by animals (24,222 cases) where excreta is left for animals to feed and night soil disposed into open drain (30,567). Among these, around 30,000 such three kinds of undesired practices were found in Balasore, Cuttack, Khurda and Ganjam districts alone.Manual scavenging is illegal under the Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act, 1993. After the Act was passed, Odisha (among various other states) submitted an affidavit in the apex court that the state was free of the demeaning work of removing human excreta by safai karmacharis. The latest decadal Census data belie the government's claim.Srinivas said the government had already alerted the district collectors to ascertain the truth by doing a double check in their respective areas. \"We have also sought details of the enumeration blocks where manual scavengers were found form the directorate of Census operations. In case prevalence of such a practice is confirmed anywhere, government will take steps for rehabilitation of the men engaged in the menial work,\" the officer said.The Census has found 7.94 lakh cases of human scavenging in the country. The practice widely prevails in Jammu and Kashmir (1.78 lakh), Uttar Pradesh (3.26 lakh) and West Bengal (1.30 lakh). Sikkim , Goa, Chandigarh, Lakshadweep were found absolutely free of the illegal practice. Besides, no such cases were found in urban areas of Himachal Pradesh , Daman &amp; Diu and Andaman &amp; Nicobar islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14731108", "title": "Presidential polls: Sangma's camp raises fresh allegations against Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition nominee P A Sangma today sought the Election Commission's intervention for a fresh probe into his objections against the candidature of UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee, levelling new allegations that he was still holding two more offices of profit.Expressing dissatisfaction over the Returning Officer's dismissal of their complaint, a three-member delegation on behalf of Sangma met the Election Commission , which gave them time to present their written submission on their demand by Monday evening.After the meeting, Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy claimed that Mukherjee continued to hold two more offices of profit - as Vice President of Birbhum Institute of Engineering and Technology and Chairman of Rabindra Bharti Society, which forms the Rabindra Bharti University.He said the delegation met the Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath and placed their concerns. The Constitution allows the EC to intervene in the conduct of elections.\"Here the issue is of fraud. Let the EC decide on whether there is a fraud in the nomination process. Let the EC take the final decision,\" Swamy said.The delegation, which also included BJP leader and Sangma's counsel Satya Pal Jain and his election agent Bhartruhari Mahtab , raked up the issue of Mukherjee's signature on his letter of resignation from the Indian Statistical Institute and its acceptance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725701", "title": "Auto drivers take to streets against e-meters", "text": "NAGPUR: Thousands of autorickshaw drivers stayed off the road on Friday in response to a strike call given by auto unions. They are trying to pressurize the transport department to make installation of electronic meters optional.Peeved at the transport department's directive making electronic meter compulsory on autos, operators resorted to strong-arm tactics by blocking major intersections of the city and pelting stones at buses early on Friday. The autorickshaw operators, who had launched a movement across the city since Monday, shouted slogans and put up road blockades at important junctions, triggering traffic snarls during the morning rush hour.Santosh Jog, who operates buses for Modern School Koradi, said that some autorickshaw drivers tried to stop one of his school buses ferrying children to school on Koradi Road. There were also reports of some autorickshaw drivers pelting stones at buses and forcing children out of public transport also.The prepaid autorickshaw stand at the railway station wore a deserted look. A traffic cop deployed at the railway station said only a few autorickshaw driver showed up as compared to the thousands on a normal day.While commuters across the city were hit by the strike, those arriving in the city at railway stations and bus stops were the worst affected. Sonali Raibole, who reached the city from Pune in Azad Hind Express, was disappointed when she spotted no autos outside the station.\"I didn't know there was a strike. There is no way I can travel in a bus with all my baggage, my child and old parents,\" said Raibole. She was among the many commuters seen offering a higher fare to the unrelenting drivers outside the railway station.On Friday afternoon, autorickshaw drivers convened a demonstration outside the district collector's office to press for their demands. A delegation of autorickshaw drivers also met district guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe, who assured to raise their issue in the monsoon assembly session of state legislature at Mumbai.President of Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak Malak Mahasangh Harishchandra Pawar claimed that the response to the strike was tremendous. \"We cannot install e-meters on the autos,\" he said, clarifying that autos manufactured 30-35 years ago do not have the capability to install electronic meters. \"Only the new, rear-engine autos have the capability to run e-meters,\" he said.The response to the strike was auto drivers was good in the morning, though it fizzled out by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726677", "title": "Man who held key to \u2018hidden treasure\u2019 dead", "text": "CHENNAI: On June 16, a Swiss national, Giuseppe Leopoldo Cassina, was fatally knocked down by car in Switzerland. This could have passed off as just another road accident, but for the exclusive information he was believed to have on Swiss bank deposits of some descendants of Tamil Nadu's Pandya dynasty.If a hard-fought case pending in the Madras high court is to be taken at face value, assets and valuables belonging to the descendants of the Pandyas worth several hundred crores are lying in vaults of Swiss banks.Perhaps unwilling to rule out the possibility of a hidden treasure, an HC division bench has directed the Centre to find out if any deposits or funds of the Pandya kings are in any Swiss bank.The descendants of the Pandyas \u2014 one of the three ancient dynasties in south India \u2014 lived lavishly and were regulars at horse races in England. They had acquired properties in London, partly to attend races.If at all the descendants of the kings had hidden treasures in Swiss banks, the key to the vaults was Cassina.Royal descendants who were banking on him to guide them through the Swiss maze and reach the treasures do not rule out a conspiracy. Even the Chennai police commissioner's report to the HC submits that Cassina had knowledge about the working of Swiss banks, and had managed to even zero in on a particular bank, Credit Suisse. The report states there was certain information about the bank known only to Cassina.As the bank wanted documents to provide access to customer details, Cassina prodded N Jagannathan, who holds the court-issued right of administration over the properties, to approach the HC and obtain the letter of administration on October 13, 2004.It was after this letter, that Jagannathan gave a power of attorney to Cassina enabling to deal with Swiss banks.Now that Cassina is no more, the only Swiss connection in the complex case is Vidya Patwarthan, sister of Cassina's wife Maya. She married Cassina's brother Paolo Cassina after a love affair.There is a dampener to the otherwise hot story of kings and their hidden treasures. A letter from the Swiss bank said rather briefly: \"We were unable to locate any assets in the name of the testator\". In another letter dated March 13, 2012 the bank claimed that they have closed the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725703", "title": "\u2018Would a woman complain against kin\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: First, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cracked down on radiologists and their ultrasound machines, which determined the sex of unborn foetuses. Then, it was the turn of chemists and doctors who dispensed abortion pills without the requisite paperwork. Now, there is a move to \"punish\" relatives who force a woman to undergo sex-determination tests and abortions. The state government has in the past year been busy working out ways to check female foeticide in Maharashtra.Not all are impressed, though. A senior doctor asked, said, \"Would a woman want to complain against relatives who could be punished?\" The Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act calls for a fine of upto Rs 50,000 and jail of upto three years. \"The rule would be difficult to implement,\" said the doctor. However, the FDA crackdown on chemists for improperly dispensing abortion pills has won kudos. \"Abortion pills are scheduled drugs and can only be given against a prescription written by a gynaecologist specifically certified for abortions,\" said a senior doctor.Some experts said that female foeticide could not be tackled by addressing only one section\u2014be it doctors, medication or patients. Sana Contractor, of CEHAT (Centre for Enquiry into Health and Allied Themes), said, \"Given the complexity of this issue, it is crucial to ensure that the solution too is multi-pronged.\" She added that one of the biggest barriers to implementing the PCPNDT law is lack of regulation of the private health sector. \"There is an urgent need to ensure its accountability and adherence to minimum standards. Piecemeal regulation cannot offer lasting solutions,\" she added.State-run JJ Hospital's head of gynaceology, Dr Rekha Daver, said many chemists and quacks were dispensing abortion pills to women well past the recommended time for abortion. \"Abortion pills are meant to be used within nine weeks of pregnancy, but many women are given one-half of the abortion pill kit to induce labour in the second trimester. This has to stop as it can be dangerous for the woman,\" she said.The state's intentions were mentioned at a review meeting of the PCPNDT Act held on Thursday. Congress MLA Praniti Shinde said, \"After a thorough discussion, it was decided to initiate punitive action against erring relatives too.\"She said the government had so far acted on doctors and sonography centres. \"From now on, even relatives of a woman will face stern action. This is much needed and will certainly yield good results,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726657", "title": "Gautam Deb hits back at CM, TMC leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Former housing minister and CPM central committee member Gautam Deb on Friday attacked chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her ministerial colleagues and said his party will now expose the property details and the government largesse enjoyed by the Trinamool leaders. This comes a day after minister of state for housing Aroop Biswas alleged that several top-notch state politicians, including former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharya , present opposition leader Surya Kanta Mishra and Congress state president Pradip Bhattacharjee, benefited from a \"housing scam bigger than Adarsh\" and bought flats at prime locations at throwaway prices.Clarifying that none of the flats was not sold but leased out to the tenants of those flats to stop drainage of subsidy, Deb said, \"The allegation that flats were allotted to the Left leaders at a throwaway price does not have any semblance of truth. We did not want to participate in the mud-slinging game. But the way they (the Trinamool ministers and MLAs) are into the game of character assassination of CPM leaders, we have to expose them to people.\" He added that his party was \"seriously contemplating legal action against the allegation.\"Deb, who is now the north 24 Parganas district chief, went on to clarify, \"All these flats were leased out to long-time tenants of the flats just to stop the draiange of subsidy. But for leasing out the flats, the then Left Front government followed a thorough procedures that were never questioned either by public account committee of the assembly, which was mostly headed by the member from the opposition like Subrata Mukherjee, and nor it was questioned by the CAG.\"Justifying the decision of leasing out the flats, Deb said, \"At that time, we used to get a little less than Rs 2 crore in the form of rent from these low-income (LIG) and middle-income group (MIG) flats. But the government's expenditure for these 16,000 families was Rs 10 crore. The annual budget of the housing department was Rs 20 crore. So it was a complete drainage of subsidy.\"Taking his attack a step ahead, Deb referred the names of Trinamool and Congress leaders like Ratna De Nag, Manas Bhuyan, Deboprasad Roy, Amzad Ali Chowdhury and Samar Mukherjee as the beneficiaries of this leasing out process.According to sources, many of the members gave statement in the assembly to expedite the process of the leasing out flats to their bonafide tenants. Attacking the Trinamool ministers, Deb said, \"According to electoral roll, there are 40 people living at 30B, Harish Chatterjee Street (the residence of the chief minister Mamata Banerjee). Twenty seven of them were not from the Banerjee family. Who are they? How much property tax does Ms Banerjee pay for her sprawling residence? How much tax does our current housing minister pay for his New Alipore home? How many houses does Subrata Mukherjee have?\"Expressing his disgust, Deb said, \"The Trinamool government has already instituted several judicial commissions to fulfill their vengeance and malign the Left. But this would land them nowhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730587", "title": "Sampurna, the heroine", "text": "Sampurna will soon be cast as a super-successful commercial heroine in director Arindam Chakraborty's as-yetuntitled film.\"I essay a superstar without brains,\" laughs the actor. \"I'm paired opposite Abir, who plays a director. The script is penned by Padmanava.\" Does she believe that successful commercial heroines are dumb? \" Kareena, Priyanka and Vidya are commercially successful but they're not dumb,\" says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725397", "title": "Court unseats neta from key TMC post", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday quashed the appointment of corporator Manoj Shinde as leader of the opposition in the TMC.Justices S A Bobade and Mridula Bhatkar ruled that Shinde, did not belong to the single largest opposition party. Shinde from the Congress, which had 18 members in the civic body, was appointed as leader of the opposition on April 19 . NCP corporator Sanjay Bhoir, who had the support of 34 corporators, challenged the decision. Bhoir's lawyers said under the law the leader of the single largest party should be appointed as leader of the opposition. The mayor said only the Congress had applied for appointing their representative to the post and the NCP had never made any such claim. The HC directed the mayor to appoint a new leader of the opposition from the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726895", "title": "In tragedy, a lesson in kindness", "text": "KOLKATA: Teachers and students of Mitra Institution, the north Kolkata school where slain social activist Barun Biswas taught, want the assailants to be counseled so that the cycle of terror and violence that plagued Sutia in North 24-Parganas finally ends.Barun had raised his voice against the mass rapes by a gang that had terrorized Sutia in 2001-2003. It was his campaign that forced the administration to act and four of the accused were arrested and jailed.Those who knew Barun believe he would have wanted the killers to be reformed.\"Barun Biswas stood for justice and a world where people \u2014 both men and women \u2014 could live with dignity. In the crime-prone belt where he carried on his crusade, dignity of life will remain elusive till those who committed the barbaric acts realize they were wrong,\" said Santanu Basu, who teaches geography at Mitra Institution. Barun taught Bengali.\"Barun's murder, a decade after the Sutia rapes, is proof of the lawlessness in the area. It was clearly a revenge killing. But we don't want harsh punishment to be meted out to the killers. They must be counseled so that understand what they have done and reform their ways,\" said Basu.He was among several teachers, former students and guardians who travelled to Barun's home near Gobardanga on Friday to pay their condolences to the bereaved family. He is survived by an ailing father and two brothers.Barun did not marry, fearing it would hamper his social service. \"He was a terrific human being, always optimistic and full of life. I still can't believe he is no more. He was fearless and protested against injustice of any kind, be it trafficking or rape. He refused to get married or get into any relationship that would come in the way of serving the people. Nowadays, it is rare to come across someone as selfless as him,\" Basu said.His students, too, feel that best respect that could be paid to Biswas was to clean up the belt without the use of force. \"What is done cannot be reversed. But if he was here today, he would not have wanted the accused to be severely punished. He was always against corporal punishment and believed that explaining politely, yet firmly, worked better in ensuring that a wrong did not get repeated,\" said former student Biswajit Dey.Other ex-students said Biswas was a great teacher, cool tempered and forever ready to offer advice. While he was against corporal punishment, he was firm and made sure mistakes were not repeated.Very few know that Barun regularly organized blood donation camps and raised funds to distribute blankets among the needy in winter.Gopal Chandra Mridha, a colleague and relative of Barun, rued the lack of support from the administration. \"Had the administration been proactive, Barun would not have met this fate,\" he said.Though political leaders have jumped in to cash in on the sympathy wave, his close associates and family strongly deny he had any kind of political leaning whatsoever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727756", "title": "80,000 vehicles pass toll plazas daily: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena survey", "text": "NASHIK: A fortnight-long survey of vehicles undertaken by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) at the toll plazas has revealed that about 80,000 vehicles pass through the six toll plazas in Nashik district on week days and about 95,000 during weekends.After completing the fifteen day-drive that involved counting vehicles crossing toll plazas in district, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) district unit, has compiled the reports and sent the same to the head-quarters at Mumbai, MNS office-bearers involved in the survey said. The work of counting the vehicles at every toll plaza in the district has been completed successfully and the reports have been sent to the Mumbai-office for further analysis, MLA Vasant Gite, who is also a state secretary of MNS said.\"The survey operations were peaceful. There was good cooperation between our workers and the plaza's operators. We did not intervene in their work at all. However, on Wednesday, a toll plaza operator on the Chandwad-Deola road failed to cooperate as peer the the memorandum sent to them. If one refuses to cooperate on issues pertaining to road maintenance they will have to face consequences, that is why the workers ransacked the office,\" Gite said defending the attack on a toll booth.The survey had had been conducted in the wake of for two weeks to count vehicles passing through toll nakas following complaints that some toll plaza operators were continuing with charging toll even after the expiry of toll levy period. There were also complaints of toll being charged without proper road maintainence.The survey revealed that on an average 80,000 vehicles crossed the toll plazas at Ghoti, Dindori, Shilapur, Ubhade, Chandwad and Nanduri. During Saturdays and Sundays the tally of the vehicles crossing the plazas increased manifolds, touching 95,000 in a day, the sources from MNS said.Toll Plaza No of vehiclesGhoti 24,500Dindori 4,800Shilapur 8,700Ubhade 9,600Chandwad 25,000Nanduri 7,000Total 79,600", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14732764", "title": "Mayawati gets relief in disproportionate assets, but corruption cases continue to haunt her", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh (UP) Mayawati may have got relief in the disproportionate assets (DA) case from the Supreme Court but corruption cases will continue to haunt her. While the 2003 Taj Heritage Corridor Scam is still pending in the Allahabad high court, her name is also being taken in the anomalies in construction of dalit memorials in the state during her rule and in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Significantly, the DA case had come out during investigation for Taj Heritage Corridor case. Though DA case has been quashed, the next hearing of the Taj Heritage Corridor scam is scheduled before a bench of Justices Imtiyaz Murtaza and SC Chaurasia on July 10.In 2002, the Supreme Court had ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the Taj Heritage Corridor case on a petition. She was accused of swindling Rs 17 crore that was meant to develop and upgrade the area and tourist facilities near the Taj Mahal. The project was then cancelled for environmental reasons.In 2003, while investigating the Taj case, the CBI filed the DA case against her. She was accused of misusing her term as the chief minister for personal gain. Mayawati took plea that they money she has was 'gift' and 'donations' from party workers. The investigations in Taj corridor case also continued. The CBI filed a chargesheet against Mayawati, her close aide and former minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, former principal secretary of environment RK Sharma and former environment secretary Rajendra Prasad under IPC sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 before a special CBI court in 2007. Bureaucrat PL Punia, who was close to Mayawati in 2003, was also named by the CBI but he turned approver and after retirement from the services joined Congress and won Lok Sabha election from Barabanki in 2009. The CBI court denied to admit the chargesheet against Mayawati because then UP governor TV Rajeswar, appointed by the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, refused permission to the CBI to prosecute Mayawati, saying that there wasn't enough evidence. The CBI approached Supreme Court against governor's decision but its plea was rejected. The case was closed but in 2009 a fresh public interest litigation was filed in the Allahabad high court seeking prosecution of bigwigs allegedly involved in the scam.The CBI is also looking for legal remedies in the DA case. The Supreme Court, in its verdict on Friday, said that the CBI exceeded its jurisdiction in filing a DA case against BSP supremo as in 2003 it was instructed to go ahead only with the Taj case. However, the CBI says that the apex court on October 25, 2004 had delinked the two cases and asked the agency to proceed with the investigations.Now using the 2004 order, the CBI may file a review petition. The agency is also probing the role of BSP chief in over Rs 5000 crore NRHM scam in the state during her rule.On the other hand, the SP government in UP is contemplating to refer the multi-crore scam in implementation of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in the state to the CBI. SP leader and urban development minister Azam Khan has written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav that JNNURM scam is bigger than NRHM scam and requires a thorough probe by the CBI. The complaints of anomalies in construction of dalit memorials in Lucknow and Noida during the BSP rule has already been referred to the Lokayukta by the SP government. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has asked UP government to refer CBI inquiry into the scam in implemenation of MNERGA. A petition has been filed by a retired judge in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad high court seeking probe into all the alleged scams reported during Maya rule. They include Rs 300 crore dalit memorial scam, Noida land scam, Rs 1200 crore scam in sale of 21 government sugar mills, scam in appointment of 72,000 government teachers and scams in excise and mining departments among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726988", "title": "HC pulls up magistrate after teen is tortured in custody", "text": "CHENNAI: Shocked by the tell-tale marks of torture on the body of a teenager arrested for theft, the Madras high court on Friday lamented that magistrates were behaving like rubber stamps, mechanically remanding the accused without even recording their statements and taking note of their injuries.Justice K Chandru, moved by the story of 19-year-old Arun, observed that it was the magistrate's duty to record injuries on the body of the accused and find out if he was ill-treated in custody. He said the II judicial magistrate at Ponneri, who remanded the teenager, should face action.While police records showed that Arun was arrested from Peravallur, near Chennai, on June 19 in connection with a theft case, his mother G Bharathi (38), in her petition filed in the high court, claimed he was picked up from home on June 16.She said when he was brought to the magistrate's court at Ponneri on June 19, after three days of illegal detention, she found him to be severely injured. According to Bharathi, Arun told her that the police had hung him upside down for several hours and inflicted burn injuries on his body.After the magistrate sent Arun to judicial custody for two weeks, Bharathi approached the HC, saying her son was not being given medical treatment in jail.When her plea was taken up hearing on Thursday, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan denied any ill-treatment and offered to bring Arun to court. As the judge acceded to the offer, Arun was brought to the court on Friday. He was limping and offered to remove his shirt to show the judge the injury marks on his body.During arguments, Bharathi's counsel M Radhakrishnan said Arun's custodial torture was a clear violation of the Supreme Court's guidelines in the D K Basu case. He wanted disciplinary and penal action against the police personnel who had acted in a barbaric manner.In his order, Justice Chandru said: \"Even before this court, Bharathi's son was limping and was not in a normal health condition. When asked about the nature of injuries sustained, he mentioned the names of the inspector and sub-inspectors of the Sholavaram police station, saying they were responsible for the injuries. He also submitted that he required further medical treatment.\"The judge asked the authorities to admit Arun in the Government Royapettah Hospital. Justice Chandru said: \"This court is not pleased with the conduct of police or the remand magistrate. It is made clear that if there is any complaint about further ill-treatment, the same will not be tolerated by this court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14725699", "title": "Main accused in Pol murder case arrested", "text": "WARDHA: The main accused in the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Tirupati Pol murder case - Shaikh Haji Shaikh Sarvar - was nabbed by Deoli Police on Thursday along with other four other persons. The four others arrested are Pravin Devale and Kishor Pandit, both residents of Yavatmal, Jagtap Kalyankar of Nanded and Shaikh Shabbir of Chandrapur.Pol was killed by a gang of armed assailants in broad daylight on June 28 in Ghugus. Eversince the murder of Pol (28), Sarvar was absconding. Sarvar was nabbed while going to Yavatmal from Nagpur.On Thursday, Chandrapur police informed Deoli PI P Sapkale that the accused will pass through Wardha and Deoli. Accordingly the police made nakabandi. When Sarvar reached the toll booth in his SUV, he saw the police and tried to escape. The police chased him and PI fired Sapkale had to fire in air before finally succeeding in arresting him and his friends.Sources said that he was coming from Nagpur after meeting his lawyer. The four accused were handed over to Chandrapur Police on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727570", "title": "Woman ends life in Old City", "text": "LUCKNOW: Enraged over being separated by her infant son by her husband, a housewife reportedly committed suicide at her rented accommodation in Khadra area of Hasanganj police circle on Friday morning. The victim's brother has however lodged an FIR against the husband, and in-laws accusing them of dowry.Reports said Aarti Trivedi was married to Ranjan Trivedi of Hardoi five years ago. After marriage Ranjan shifted to Lucknow and started living at a rented room in Khadra after he got the job of a private driver in the city. On Friday morning Ranjan reportedly asked Aarti to accompany him to his parent's house in Hardoi as he wanted to meet them. When Aarti refused, Ranjan left taking his son with him despite protests from Aarti. Ranjan had barely reached the bus stop when he decided to call up Aarti to find out if she had changed her mind. But Aarti reportedly remained firm on her decision and even threatened Ranjan of dire consequences if he did not left their son behind with her.Ranjan however refused to leave his son behind. After waiting for the bus for the next half an hour, Ranjan decided to return home and cancel his trip to Hardoi. When he reached his rented accommodation, he found the body of Aarti hanging from the ceiling of her room by a nylon rope. tnnAarti's brother Ravikant Awasthi, a resident of Thakurganj however accused his sister's in-laws of murdering her for dowry. Ravikant said he got a phone call in the morning informing him that his sister had died. He said when he reached his sister's house, he found that the accused have murdered Aarti. Police were waiting for the post-mortem examination report to confirm the cause of death in order to proceed with the case. Police said if investigations did lead them to evidences that suggest a dowry death angle, then action would be initiated against the victim's in-laws as per law.PAC JAWAN DEAD: A constable with the G Company of 35 Battalion of PAC which has its headquarters in Mahanagar, died under mysterious circumstances during the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. Platoon Commander Surjit Kumar lodged an FIR with the Mahanagar police stating that constable Awdhesh Kumar Kannaujiya of his company was on night sentry duty and retired to bed around 3 am on Friday. However when his fellow constables Dhirendra and Virendra went to wake up Awdhesh on Friday morning, they found him lying dead in his bed.Sub Inspector (SI) Rajeshwar Yadav, who is investigating the case, said circumstantial evidence suggested that the victim died in his sleep. The exact cause of death was however expected to be revealed during the post-mortem examination, the findings of were awaited when reports last came in. SI Yadav said Awdhesh was aged 27 years and was a resident of Gorakphur. He had joined the PAC in 2004, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725910", "title": "CBI sleuths visit NECO over mine allotments", "text": "NAGPUR: A team of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials from New Delhi conducted a search at the premises of city-based business house NECO Limited, to inquire about the iron ore blocks allotted to this company. The entire operation was exclusively conducted by sleuths from New Delhi with the local office of CBI not being involved, said sources. A separate team visited the company's office in Raipur also, said reports.Meanwhile, a senior official in the company confirmed that the CBI sleuths visited its premises. They were inquiring about the iron ore blocks allotted to the company in Chhattisgarh. There were routine questions about how they were allotted and other details and we cooperated with them, said the officials. The CBI is team is learnt to have already left for Delhi.The NECO mines are located in Bastar region of Chhattisgarh and extraction of iron ore could not be started due to Naxal threat there, the official said. NECO group is one of the oldest industrial houses of the country, specializing in metals casting. It is famous for having supplied manhole covers for the streets of New York .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726138", "title": "Power demand at all-time high", "text": "GURGAON: After Delhi recorded a peak power demand of 5,642MW, Haryana claims to have recorded its highest ever power demand on Thursday.Haryana Power Utilities claims to have met the highest ever power demand of 6,702MW on Thursday. The department supplied 1,416.78 lakh units of electricity to the consumers on Thursday alone.According to officials of Haryana Power Utilities, the state had earlier met a maximum load requirement of 6,535MW on June 27 this year caused by delayed onset of monsoons.\"The record is likely to be bettered on Friday as the transmission and distribution system is capable to meet the load requirement,\" stated the official.The department claims to have arranged for 200MW additional power from West Bengal through banking arrangements.\"In all, 800MW has been arranged through banking arrangements. The Power Utilities are in touch with various quarters to arrange power on a short-term basis as well as through power exchange to meet the requirement of electricity consumers,\" said the power official.In comparison, the Power Utilities had supplied 1,284.26 lakh units of electricity for the corresponding date last year.However, when compared to July last year, the utilities have managed to supply 132.52 lakh units of power (a 10.32% more).On an average, about 1,250 lakh units of power was supplied daily during the first five days of July this year and the power supply position would be much better in the days to come, assured the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727814", "title": "Maharashtra University of Health Sciences to opt for online exam system this year", "text": "NASHIK: To enhance transparency in the examination system, the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) has decided to opt for online transmission of question papers. The MUHS is working on online question papers that would be set one hour before the exam and sent online to all the examination centres at colleges half an hour before the exam.The papers would be printed at the centres and immediately handed over to the students. The new system is expected to curb malpractices in the system like papers getting leaked or stolen.\"We have 147 nodes (exam centres) in the server here. The papers will be set here one hour before the exam and will be transmitted to the nodes half an hour before the exam. The papers will be printed out at the nodes and immediately handed over to the students,\" said Dr Arun Jamkar, vice-chancellor of MUHS.He said that five security methods would ensure transparency. \"The computer hardware, biometric password, floating password, IP address and specific transfer methods will be employed for security of the exam papers. We are going to outsource this to a computer firm. We have already presented this to the chief secretary of the state government recently when he had invited all the vice-chancellors to a meet. All the universities will be following this method. Some big software companies have shown their interest in this project,\" said Dr Jamkar.It may be recalled that there was a case of exam paper theft recently at the university. In this backdrop, the university has decided to go online. \"More than paper leakage, it is theft of exam papers that is common. Departmental action is going on against the four accused,\" said Dr Jamkar.The entire printing and transport mechanism will be eliminated with this online transmission of exam papers besides keeping a check on malpractices during exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726751", "title": "HC admits petition on Pinki\u2019s \u2018illegal detention\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday admitted a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) contending that former athlete Pinki Pramanik was being detained in jail 'illegally'.Admitting the petition, the division bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakraborty directed the state government to file an affidavit within two weeks and fixed the first hearing in the case after three weeks. The state has been directed to produce the case diary in court at the first hearing.The court also directed petitioner Imtiaz Ahmed to lodge a complaint at the cyber crime police station on the alleged circulation of an MMS on Pinki through social networking sites like Facebook and on the mobile network.Moving the PIL for the petitioner, counsels Bharati Mutshuddi, Rabi Sankar Chatterjee and Jayanta Narayan Chatterjee argued that Pinki, who has been in police custody since June 14, has been taken to different hospitals, causing her immense harassment, though the authorities know fully well that a gender testing system is not available in the state. The counsel sought an order for immediate release of Pinki from jail.At that point, the bench asked whether a bail petition was rejected by the high court. The petitioner's counsels replied in the negative, saying that Pinki had not moved a bail petition in the high court though Barasat court has rejected her bail plea once.State government pleader Asoke Kumar Banerjee and Suman Sengupta opposed the PIL and questioned how an accused can be released on such a frivolous petition. Banerjee challenged the maintainability of the PIL and sought time to file an affidavit.Banerjee described the PIL as \"crocodile tears\" and \"politically motivated\", contentions that were strongly opposed by the petitioner's counsel.The PIL also pleaded that a show-cause notice be served on the state, questioning why legal action should not be taken against the alleged 'illegal detention' of Pinki. It also sought an inquiry into the alleged molestation of Pinki by some police personnel.The petition said the complaint of rape is not only astonishing but also raises questions on the role of police in starting a case of this nature. Pinki's right to privacy has been violated and the police have acted beyond their power, the PIL alleged.Banerjee also pointed out that the woman who had accused Pinki of raping her had not been made party to the PIL and questioned how the petition affirmed that all documents had been taken form records. Banerjee argued that the petition was based on newspaper cuttings which cannot be classified as 'records'.On June 14, Pinki was arrested on the allegation that she had raped another woman. The court send Pinki for a gender test, the report of which has not yet come. Pinki has been in police custody for the last 22 days.The division bench has directed the state government to file an affidavit within two weeks and fixed the first hearing in the case after three weeks. The state has been directed to produce the case diary in court at the first hearing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "14725290", "title": "Mahapanchayat turns to social networking sites to check animal smuggling", "text": "FATEHABAD: Considering the increasing popularity of Facebook and other social networking sites among the rural youth, a mahapanchayat of 31 villages is considering exploiting the trend gainfully to check cow smuggling from Haryana.At the mahapanchayat held in Dhangar village of Fatehabad district on Thursday, sarpanch Atma Ram, who presided over the meeting, said, \"My son showed me some photos and videos on the Facebook, where cows and buffaloes were being butchered. I thought, if such photos and videos are circulated on social sites then more people would come out to stop the smuggling of animals.\"Expressing consent, Haryana Rajya Gaushala Sangh acting president Shamsher Singh Arya said, \"It would be a slap on the face of those cops who failed to stop cow smuggling.\"The mahapanchayat has also sought the help of khap panchayats and received a positive response. Sarv Jatiya Khap Panchayat state president Om Prakash Mann claimed, \"We help in every effort to eradicate social evils from Haryana.\"Recently, hundreds of social activists from the state had observed a one-day hunger strike at Panchkula on the issue and demanded that the shamlat (common) land in villages be handed over to gaushalas and a 'Gau-Sewa Ayog' set up in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727460", "title": "Fighting against injustice", "text": "MYSORE: This retired scientist's heart beats for the welfare of women and downtrodden. Her endeavor started in her college days.Sixty-five-year-old E Rati Rao, a retired scientist from Central Food Training Research Institute, believes in empowering and liberating women, especially from the clutches of patriarchal society.\"Society is not all sensitive towards women and Dalits,\" she says.Rao, took notice of the social problems in early 70s. \"I took to fighting for a cause after meritorious science students were denied seats for postgraduation. I was beaten up and put behind bars for protesting but I never gave up fighting for justice,\" says Rao.Along with like-minded friends, she formed Samata Vedike in 1978, a forum that does not believe in creating hierarchies and so there are no designations like that of a president or a secretary, everyone is treated equally. The forum creates awareness against exploitation of women and those who are denied of their social status. It fights for Dalit empowerment, against feudalism, dowry harassment and domestic %violence.Whenever a woman lodges a complaint against domestic violence, society and police say: \"Let it be, it's a private issue,\" she says, \"But nobody understands how it affects an% individual.\"Rao says their forum helped a Dalit woman, who had a site in the city and was being pressurized by influential persons to sell it.\"We helped her to build a house on the same property in just eight months. Members of the forum keep visiting the place to keep a check,\" she says.She feels women organizations are growing stronger and they should join hands to stop violence against women.Born in Talapady, Dakshina Kannada district in 1947, Rao is a Ph.D in 'Aerobiology of Aspergillus Flavours'. She is married to Dr V Laxminarayan, who is also an activist.Rao now wants to take up the cause of rehabilitation of Korcha community in T Narasipura who are being dislocated from the land where they have been living for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726054", "title": "Old Delhi builder held for attack on MCD engineer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five months after an executive engineer of the MCD was brutally beaten up by unidentified men near Rajghat, for taking on the Old Delhi builder mafia, the main suspect in the case has been arrested.The accused, police sources say, has been identified as Abhay Yadav, an Old Delhi builder with a criminal background. His brother Vijay Yadav was killed in September 2007 by rivals.The MCD engineer Ansar Alam had to be admitted in the ICU of a hospital with 25 stitches to his head and multiple fractures in his right leg, when three men waylaid him near Rajghat and used bats and bricks to beat him up on February 7.The incident had invited ire of all the engineers of the corporation, who went on a strike demanding protection from the builder mafia. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit had also condemned the attack. Delhi Police had announced a reward of Rs 50,000 in the case.\"Prima facie, it seems that Abhay Yadav and his associates had attacked MCD engineer Ansar Alam as the latter had started a crackdown on the illegal constructions in Old Delhi,\" said a source.Yadav is being questioned by a team of special operations squad of the crime branch and a search is on for his associates.DCP crime branch Sanjay Jain refused to share details saying, \"We are conducting raids in the matter\".The incident has again highlighted the need for providing security to engineers.\"When we do our work we aren't appreciated and sometimes land in hospitals. Despite police force, we are beaten up.\"People say the building mafia is getting stronger each day and rampant illegal construction is going unchecked. When officials take action, nobody is ready to protect us. Abhay Yadav should face harsh punishment for his act,\" said Feroz Muzaffar, joint secretary, MCD Engineers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14730279", "title": "US designates Afghanistan as major non-Nato ally and hits Pak with drone strikes", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amid swirling controversy over the reluctant apology-of-sorts it extracted from the United States, Pakistan's pride suffered a double blow this weekend. The US launched a major Drone attack inside Pakistan on Friday signaling that its policy of exterminating terrorists through unmanned air strikes would continued despite the apology and in the face of Pakistani parliamentary resolutions. This was followed up on Saturday by the US naming Afghanistan as a major non-Nato ally, a status bestowed on Pakistan in 2004 during the more blameless phase in the so-called war on terror.The Drone strike was the first since Pakistan re-opened the Nato supply route to Afghanistan earlier this week. The attack was reported to have killed between 17 to 24 people, an atypically high toll. But as much as the body count, it was a body blow to Pakistani hopes that the U.S would not continue its policy of eliminating militants in areas where Islamabad's writ does not run. Stopping of Drone attacks was one of Pakistan's pre-conditions to open glocs, but the US has evidently decided to ignore it.The major non-Nato ally designation to Afghanistan, announced during a surprise visit to Kabul by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , was an even sharper diplomatic rebuke, since it placed the two antagonistic countries on equal footing, and further moved away from Pakistan's long sought parity with India, now a fading idea across the world. The designation facilitates closer defense cooperation between the U.S and its allies, and in this case it signals that Washington will continue to be deeply engaged in Afghanistan long after a majority of its troops are withdrawn, even as Pakistan is falling off the US radar as an ally and is widely seen as moving from a ''frenemy'' to an outright adversary.Afghanistan is the 15th country to be designated a MNNA, a list that includes Australia, Egypt, Israel, Kuwait, South Korea, Argentina, New Zealand, Philippines, and Japan. Pakistan was the last nation to gain the status in 2004, when then Secretary of State Colin Powell , in thrall of his fellow retired general Pervez Musharraf , designated it an MNNA despite its dodgy role before, during, and in the weeks and months after 9/11.Much has changed since then. Ideally, the dual designations would have facilitated U.S operations in the region. But Washington's commentariat now sees Pakistan as cynically exploiting U.S and playing a subversive role in the region. Polls show that public in both countries regard the other as enemy. Some analysts have said that the fiction of Pakistani friendship is becoming increasingly hard to maintain.In remarks after her meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai in Kabul, Clinton said the U.S sees the MNNA designation ''as a powerful symbol of our commitment to Afghanistan's future.'' The new status, which comes into effect immediately, makes it easier for a country to purchase and finance its acquisition of US defense equipment.Pakistan and its terrorist proxies have been hoping for long that they will regain strategic space in the region when the U.S packs up from Afghanistan, but that is increasingly looking unlikely in the way Pakistan's generals visualized it, with Washington bulking up Kabul for the tough days ahead. Clinton, who is on a 13-day farewell swing through Asia, warned, ''We are not even imagining abandoning Afghanistan.''The major non-Nato ally designation is a follow-up to the \"Enduring Strategic Partnership\" agreement signed between President Obama and President Karzai on May 2 this year. A fact sheet from the State Department attached to the designation notification said MNNA ''qualifies a country for certain privileges supporting defense and security cooperation but does not entail any security commitment to that country.''Some of the privileges of MNNA status include eligibility for training, loans of equipment for cooperative research and development, and ultimately Foreign Military Financing for commercial leasing of certain defense articles. While the United States and the international community already provide significant security assistance to Afghanistan, in the long-term as Afghanistan takes on greater financial responsibility for its own security, the fact sheet said, adding that MNNA status will be a critical catalyst for maintaining effective Afghan National Security Forces and building a robust peace-time security relationship between Afghanistan and the United States.In her remarks with President Karzai, Secretary Clinton chose to put a positive spin on Pakistan's widely-reported depredations in the region with hopes of a more amicable future, saying the U.S was ''struck by the recent call from Pakistan's parliament that Pakistani territory shall not be used for any kind of attacks on other countries... And all foreign fighters, if found, shall be expelled from Pakistani soil.''\"So we want to deepen our security cooperation with Pakistan,'' she added on a hopeful note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726223", "title": "No action on case against Modi: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat High Court on Friday ruled that governor Dr Kamla Beniwal will take the \"final decision\" on granting sanction to criminal prosecution of fisheries minister Purushottam Solanki for his alleged role in a Rs 400 crore fishing contracts scam.The bench of justices Jayant Patel and C L Soni, however, refused to act at this moment on the contempt petition filed against chief minister Narendra Modi and other ministers for refusing consent to prosecute Solanki without obtaining approval of the governor. The high court bench asked the issue to be put before the governor for final decision.Complainant Ishak Maradia filed the contempt petition after the government refused the sanction on June 29 over his demand for Solanki's prosecution. However, the state government made a statement before the HC that the process was not completed and the decision taken by the council of ministers was not a final one.The bench ordered to drop names of Modi and eight other ministers from the contempt petition with observation that they cannot be personally shown as party for the contempt, but the chief secretary of the state should be made the respondent on behalf of the state.After dropping chief minister Modi's name from the list of respondents, the bench asked the government to send the issue to the governor within a week, who is now expected to take a decision on Solanki's prosecution within two weeks after that. \"The final decision on the issue will be that of Governor,\" the court said echoing the earlier conclusion arrived at by justice H N Devani, who held in March that the competent authority in this case is the governor.The court also criticised the manner in which whole issue had been handled by the state, \"Earlier order has specified how the decision should have to be taken, and you have not taken it in such a way.\"In this case, Maradia had in 2008 questioned awarding fishing contracts at 58 reservoirs for a payment of Rs 2.40 crore. On his complaint that Solanki had received a Rs 11 crore bribe and caused loss of Rs 40 crore to the public exchequer, HC had cancelled all contracts, ordered fresh tendering and passed strictures against Solanki. Later it was claimed that it was Rs 400-crore scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726182", "title": "Orlim locals protest against mega project", "text": "MARGAO: Villagers of Orlim on Friday protested against a under construction mega project in the village for allegedly violating all regulations regarding construction, and demanded that no construction be allowed until all approvals from the concerned authorities were obtained by the builder.Protesters pointed out that the property was a low-lying area having three water ducts carrying storm water that empties into the neighbouring pond thus helping preserve the water table, besides irrigating the second paddy crop.\"The mega project has thrown all regulations to the wind. Set backs from neighbouring properties and the main road have not been maintained nor has any demarcation been done by the land survey department till date. A well has been constructed without any approval from the water resources department (WRD). What's more, the construction work continues despite the panchayat having issued a stop work order,\" Kim Miranda, one of the protesting villagers, said.Villagers also pointed out that the traditional waterway has been blocked by the project, and the land filled and encroached upon. They have demanded that a site inspection be carried out by the panchayat and the TCP and WRD officials.\"The height of the construction must be restricted to G+1 structure (one storey building) as per gram sabha resolutions with a height not more than 9 meters including stilts. The ground area must not be tiled or tarred so as to allow natural seepage of water,\" said Shanty Fortes, another villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14727599", "title": "Ludhiana backs Radwanska too", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the lawns at the Wimbledon arena get ready to witness another final battle of the raquets for the coveted grand slam title on Sunday, anticipations seem favouring four time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams against Agnieszka Radwanska , the first Polish woman to make it to Wimbledon finals.Radwanska, 23, created history for Poland defeating Angelique Kerber of Germany in straight sets (6-3, 6-4) in the semi-finals.But, finals would be a different game altogether against a furious Serena, who is desperately surging ahead towards her fifth grand slam title, after her come back. Defeating Victoria Azarenka of Belarus, Serena shot a record 24 aces in her semi-final match and did not commit even a single double fault. A disciplined game, which only a player of her experience and caliber could deliver.The excitement among the budding lawn tennis players in the city is at its peak as they have been following both the players since the grand slam started. While Serena remains undisputed choice of most, even Radwanska has impressed some with her quick and gritty game throughout the grand slam.Sarabha Nagar resident Yagini Kapoor has been practicing lawn tennis since 2008 at the Ace Academy and is a die-hard fan of Serena's game. \"I think Serena's best match so far has been the fourth round contest with Yaroslava Shvedova as she lost the first set, but fought back to win the next two consecutive sets. The 16-year-old BCM School student says she hopes Serena wins her fifth Wimbledon title.But, Civil Lines resident Purnima Jain believes Radwanska has all that is needed for her to be the first Polish player to win the Wimbledon. \"She is known for her crouching shots, during which she quickly drops in place to return or redirect a low ball. Her defensive overhead backhand is also an advantage. I want her to win it for her nation,\" says the 16-year-old.Purnima says she had earlier seen Radwanska's game during the Australian open and French open.Jassowal resident Rimpledeep Kaur she is anxious to see if a talented budding player can do an upset in the Wimbledon finals by holding superior against the furious powerful play of Serena. \"Serena has been a role model for many players my age,\" says the 15-year-old, adding, \"I wish I could watch the match in person at the Wimbledon court. Radwanska's agility and quickness is envious on the court and I would want her to win this title.\"Prisha Chopra trains at Sutlej Club and resides in Gurdev Nagar. \"I would definitely want Serena to keep at her winning streak in the grand slam. Radwanska does not have any prospects against Serena considering the American's current form. I am sure she would put up a good fight for the title though,\" she says. A Lawrence School student, 11-year-old Prisha says she draws inspiration from the Williams sisters. \"Serena would play her seventh Wimbledon final while it would be Radwanska's first,\" Prisha adds.\"Radwanska's semi-final game against Kerber showed she is capable of an upset. I would want her to win the title against Serena,\" says a trainee from PAU Tandem Academy Gaurika Joshi. The Civil Lines resident says Radwanska is consistent with her game, is quick and fast between the net and baseline. \"It is going to be a real tough contest against Serena for her as the American wouldn't let the first time finalist overpower her. But, Radwanska would definitely come up with a winning strategy,\" says Gaurika, a student of KVM School.Clinching the title out of Serena's claws would be a tough nut to crack for Radwanska, says BRS Nagar resident Madhuri Goenka. The DPS School student says both the women have displayed a promising game play so far in the grand slam and are capable of giving each other a run for their money. \"I would be more excited, just as the rest of the tennis world, if Radwanska pulls off a title victory,\" says the 16-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14727014", "title": "Ex-councillor demands probe into Karnatak University tenders", "text": "DHARWAD: Former councillor in Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation Iresh B Anchatageri has urged governor H R Bhardwaj, who is also the chancellor of the Universities in Karnataka to initiate a probe into the alleged irregularities by Karnatak University vice-chancellor H B Walikar in purchase of pre-printed marks cards and passing certificates for the academic year 2011-12.In a letter to Bhardwaj, Anchatageri said the information received by him under the Right to Information (RTI) Act has revealed that Walikar approved tender worth Rs 50 lakh to purchase 2 lakh copies of pre-printed mark sheets and certificates and placed order to the bidder Maddala Industries, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh , in violation of norms.\"On perusal of the information furnished under RTI, it appears that earlier the cost of the purchase of per pre-printed marks sheet was Rs 2.25 for the year 2007, Rs 1.97 for 2008, Rs 1.95 for 2009, Rs 1.20 for 2010 and the rates varied from time to time and the variation was comparatively not too high. But for the year 2011, when the tender was allotted to single bidder Maddala Industries, the accepted rate for purchase per marks card was of Rs 25, which was highly exorbitant, the letter said.Anchatageri, quoting the records said alleged that the allotment of tender to Maddala Industries was made despite opposition from the finance department as well as the examination section.It was not even by the accepted by the Controller, state accounts department, Bangalore, he said.Anchatageri alleged that the information obtained under RTI also leads to the doubt that Walikar had not followed the mandatory provisions of law and the procedure to be followed in issuing the order for supply of materials.Anchatageri charged that the entire episode indicates that the VC had acted in an arbitrary manner and caused great financial burden on the University. The vice-chancellor had also allegedly arranged for immediate payment to the firm and avoided taking prior approval of the University syndicate for such a major financial transaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726089", "title": "Pune couple accused of cheating", "text": "MARGAO: Ten people from various parts of the state have lodged a complaint with the Margao police against a couple from Pune, Satyajit Kulkarni and his wife Vaishali, for duping them of sums ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 17 lakh. Vaishali, who was already arrested by the Panaji police on Thursday in a similar case, will now be taken into custody by the Margao police, sources said.According to a complaint lodged by Anita Fernandes from Murida, Cuncolim, she was approached by the accused duo in February 2012 who induced her to invest 7 lakh with them to finance a film that they were producing. Fernandes was assured of high returns that would be paid to her on a monthly basis.The couple was also publishing an evening newspaper, Goa News, at the time, with an office at Comba, Margao, the complaint said. Fernandes said that the duo failed to repay her.Fernandes' sister Libia Mendonca also deposited 1 lakh with the duo and she too met with the same fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14727527", "title": "Life's lesson: Education holds key to happiness", "text": "LONDON: Education does make you happier even if it may not make you richer, says a first of its kind study making a direct comparison between the two.The study by the Office for National Statistics in the UK found the higher people's level of general education the more satisfied they were with their daily life and the more worthwhile they felt. The survey asked over 15,000 people to rate how satisfied they felt on a scale of 10 as well as asking them how worthwhile they felt their lives were.Almost 81% of people with A-levels or equivalent qualifications were very satisfied , meaning that they rated their happiness levels at seven or above. But among those in the next educational group down the levels fell to 74%, the Daily Telegraph reported . Among trade apprentices it fell to 67% and only 64% of those with no qualifications were very satisfied.When people were asked how worthwhile their lives were the contrast was even more stark, almost 85% with A-levels reported higher levels of self-worth compared to only 62% of those with no qualifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725877", "title": "Presidential poll: SFI in JNU up in arms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The SFI unit in Jawaharlal Nehru University came out strongly against its mother party CPM's decision to support Congressman and UPA candidate for Rashtrapati Bhavan Pranab Mukherjee.In a resolution passed at a hurriedly called meeting on Thursday, the SFI general body meeting expressed \"its deep concern at the disruption of Left unity on the issue of supporting the incumbent finance minister of the UPA government, Pranab Mukherjee , for the presidential elections\".\"The largest force within the Left, CPM, has decided to extend support to Pranab Mukherjee. After due consideration, the SFI JNU unit finds the CPM stand to be unconvincing and not in the best interests of the Left and democratic movement,\" the resolution said. Of the 46 members present and voting, 37 voted in support of the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14732569", "title": "Awareness programme on native vegetation plantation ?for Pune residents", "text": "PUNE: Jividha, a non- governmental organisation ( NGO) jointly with Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is organising 'Hirvai', a programme to create awareness on native vegetation plantation among Puneities. The programme will be held at Indradhanushya hall, near Mhatre bridge on July 13 to 15.An exhibition on native plants, seeds and nakshatra garden will be held on July 13 to 15. Noted botanist S D Mahajan will deliver a lecture on tree plantation at 6 pm on the opening day.A lecture on kitchen garden by Nandu Kulkarni will be conducted on July 14 at 6.30 pm where he will explain how one can plant native plants in their home with help of less water and soil.Puneities will also get to know how vegetation pattern in Pune has changed in last few years in a lecture delivered by Mandar Datar on Greenery of Pune at 9 am on July 15. This will be followed by 'Green Thumb' an interview on how to do plantation on large scale at 10 am. Sandhaya Chougule, Medha Joshi, Ketaki Ghate, Raghunath Dhole and Rajiv Pandit will share their experiences.Jividhata ( biodiversity) conservation award will be presented for individual effort to Vinod Jain and a society from Pashan will receive an award at 11 am on July 15.In the evening, there will be a lectures by Sachin Punekar on trees and biodiversity relationship at 6 pm on July 15. This will be followed by \"Zade Lavnara Manus\" a drama to be held directed by Dharmakirti Sumanth at 7 pm. This is an inspiring story on one man's plantation effort and its impact on environment. This drama is based on original story by Jean Jiono translated by Madhuri Purandare.Jividha will also distribute 56 types of native plants, including trees, shrubs and climbers free of cost at 8 pm on 15 July. Prior booking for the plants will be held on July 13 and 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725572", "title": "Ashok Chavan faction in uproar", "text": "MUMBAI: A rift has surfaced in the Congress party following the Central Bureau of Investigation's decision to chargesheet Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh case.Sources in the party said that, upset over the manner in which chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the state leadership \"handled the Adarsh issue\", party legislators supporting Ashok Chavan have decided to demand an urgent meeting of the Congress legislative party.A source close to Ashok Chavan said that about 25 legislators met him at his office at Churchgate on Friday. High-profile legislators, including Abdul Sattar and Vijay Wadettiwar, were among those present at the meeting.Confirming that a group of legislators met the leader, Sattar said that Ashok Chavan had asked them to be patient and not take any decision that would hurt the party's interests.Sources however maintained the disgruntled legislators are preparing for a show of strength and have decided to demand a CLP meeting on the party's performance in the post-Ashok Chavan phase.After his name appeared in the chargesheet, the former chief minister stoked political fire by claiming that he was a victim of a political conspiracy hatched to oust him from public life. \"The state could have filed an intervention application in the high court, questioning the CBI inquiry immediately after the judicial commission submitted its preliminary report,\" a legislator argued.Another legislator said, \"How can Ashok Chavan alone be held responsible in the Adarsh case when two other former CMs and several other ministers have handled the file?\"Sources close to Prithviraj Chavan said the incumbent chief minister had no role to play in the chargesheet. \"It is foolish to suggest that the CBI investigation and chargesheet were politically influenced,\" a source said. The CM had earlier clarified that the state's affidavit was in tune with its original stand. Sources said that Sattar visited Sahyadri to meet Prithviraj with the demand for the CLP meet; however, the meeting could not materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726457", "title": "Boy died of asphyxiation within minutes after falling into sewage drain", "text": "GURGAON: Six-year-old Sumit, who had fallen into a sewage drain on Thursday night, died within minutes of falling and the postmortem report revealed that the cause of death was asphyxiation.\"There are no injury marks on the body of the victim, but during the postmortem, we found drain water in his lungs. He died within three to four minutes of falling into the drain due to suffocation,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital, who carried out the postmortem.The incident happened in Sector 7 of IMT Manesar, near Bas Kushla Chowk around 8:20pm. Deputy commissioner P C Meena has ordered an inquiry by Satyendra Duhan, SDM Gurgaon north, into the circumstances of the death of Sumit. \"We have not received any complaint regarding this as yet,\" said Om Prakash, SHO, Manesar.On the other hand, villagers said that a team of HSIIDC had reached the spot to cover the open manholes. \"They are trying to hide their inefficiency. They have also defied the government order to cover all manholes issued after the death of five-year-old Mahi,\" said a villager.\"The sewage drain was not covered and the child could not see that in the dark. When Sumit's mother shouted for help, two men, Aslam and Kalu, who were at a scrap dealer's shop, came to rescue the child,\" said Master Devendra singh, an eyewitness.Aslam, who is a native of Bareily in Uttar Pradesh, said that Sumit was almost four foot inside the drain and they had to struggle for over an hour to rescue him. However, when Sumit was rushed to ESI hospital, the doctors declared him as brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725433", "title": "Andhra minister caught on wrong foot in temple?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Minister for major industries J Geeta Reddy caused a flutter on Friday when she reportedly entered the premises of Akkanna Madanna temple in Shah Ali Banda wearing footwear. While she had taken out the footwear in the sanctum sanctorum, she had it on in the hall where women were participating in a ritual in the presence of an idol of the deity.Reddy was in the temple to inaugurate the 11-day Bonalu festivities. After performing prayers to the temple deity, she proceeded to the hall opposite and reportedly entered it wearing her footwear. According to eyewitnesses, when this was pointed out to her by mediapersons, she immediately removed it and remarked that it was a non-issue.The temple committee members played down the incident which had by then gone viral. At a press meet convened in the evening, the members said that she had addressed the media near the hall and hence it was not required for her to remove her footwear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731655", "title": "Kashmera Shah assaulted?", "text": "Noted film &amp; television actress Kashmera Shah was chased and verbally abused by a group of six men on Friday evening.According to a press release, Kashmera was chased into the secluded garage area of her building Oberoi Springs (same building where the Vijay Palande case happened) by 6 men in 2 cars.The six men got out of their cars, surrounded Kashmera, tried to attack her and even threatened her. When she began screaming at them and calling out to security guards, the 6 men ran away in their cars.But as they fled, Kashmera managed to click the number plate of one of their cars with her cell phone. Kashmera along with boyfriend Krushna will file a police complaint today afternoon 3pm, Saturday, July 7 at Oshiwara Police Station.When contacted, Kashmera remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14725863", "title": "352 kids severely malnourished", "text": "YAVATMAL: The misery of people in Yavatmal district seems to be continuing as an intensive survey conducted by the health department through the anganwadis has found over 352 children in the age group of 0-5 severely malnourished. Pandharkawada has the highest number of 50 malnourished children in 16 tehsils of the district.District health officer Dr Ganesh Rachkundwar said the joint survey was conducted under Integrated Child Development Scheme ( ICDS) in June. The survey found that despite intensive preventive measures initiated by the departments concerned, 352 kids were found suffering from severely acute malnutrition (SAM). 1,828 kids were suffering from moderate acute malnutrition (MAM).The taluka-wise break-up of kids in SAM and MAM category respectively is as follows: Pandharkawda (50) (122), Ralegaon (42) (220), Digras (37) (117), Umarkhed (33) (69), Wani (30) (145), Maregaon (24) (143), Zari (22) (52), Ghatanji (22) (31), Yavatmal (19) (74), Pusad (19) (173), Kalamb (17) (122), Mahagaon (08) (69), Arni (08) (49), Ner (02) (39), Babhulgaon (19) (51) and Darwha (Nil) respectively.Dr Rachkundwar said each affected kid is being given Rs 1,000 for supplementary diet and medicines through anganwadis. The diet given through the anganwadis can meet one third of the nutrition while the 2/3rd of nutrition requirement must be met with from the food they eat at home, he said. Female malnourished kids are generally more in number due to male-female discrimination in the society, he added. However, 232 villages in the district are totally free from malnutrition due to anti-malnutrition drive, he said.Dr Rachkundwar said active public involvement was urgently needed for eradicating malnutrition and said setting up toy, medicine and clothe banks at the anganwadi level can help. For this, well-placed people can donate the toys, medicines and clothes not in use of their children, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14730977", "title": "Dream to play for India again: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dreaming to play for India again, Yuvraj Singh is eyeing the T20 World Cup in Sri Lanka for a comeback but admits that he needs some serious match practice to get into the groove for the rigours of international cricket.Yuvraj, who has started training after recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, said he was not thinking of playing Test cricket as yet and was focused on making a comeback in the shorter formats.\"Ranji Trophy is after World T20. In any case, one can't prepare for T20 playing Ranji Trophy. The serious match practice that I can get ahead of World T20 is Mon-ud Dowla Trophy and Buchi Babu tournaments but I am still not aware about the dates of these tournaments,\" Yuvraj told media persons at the launch of the \"YouWeCan\" campaign --- an initiative by the Yuvraj Singh Foundation to spread awareness about cancer detection.Yuvraj did loosely refer that he might just contemplate making himself available for the limited overs version in the home series against New Zealand ahead of the World T20.\"May be I can play some matches during New Zealand's tour of India. I really felt very motivated when chairman of selectors Krishnamachari Srikkanth said that I am in their scheme of things for the World T20. I have been training for past one and half months and I will get better in the next two months,\" Yuvraj said.Although he is thinking of making a comeback in the shorter versions, Yuvraj doesn't want to look too far ahead as far as playing in the Test matches are concerned.\"Right now, I don't want to think about Test matches. For me, it's important to play any format whether T20 or limited overs. About Tests, it will depend on my form, time and fitness,\" he said.The stylish left-hander said that initially it was tough on his body when he started out on his fitness programme at the National Cricket Academy, a month and half back.\"It was very tough on my body. Things improved with each and every session. The shock that body used to get reduced. Also to resume training, you need lot of strength. The body needs to get back that strength. I hope two months should be enough for comeback.\"Though he has recovered from cancer, the cricketer felt that the \"scars will remain forever\" and he was fully aware that he has now become a role-model for patients who are fighting against the dreaded disease.\"I know I am the face of cancer patients in India. I have a responsibility towards them. It is important to send a positive message. I want to spread awareness among people suffering from cancer. I want them to be positive and they shouldn't be afraid.\"\"Being a normal human being and getting to breath fresh air\" is something that Yuvraj feels that he is blessed to experience after being affected by the dreaded disease.\"He did admit that he was very worried about his health during the World Cup.\"I wasn't able to sleep. I told my physio that I sensed that there was something terribly wrong with my body. Yet it was World Cup and I didn't want to get in touch with Nitesh (oncologist Dr Nitesh Rohatgi) as he would have conducted tests, he wouldn't allow me to play. I was praying to God that whatever happens to me, I need the World Cup.\"\"I never had any complaints that I was affected by cancer. It was more of a sense of disbelief than shock. It took a while to get my mind back on track,\" he said.The most touching moment of the interaction came when Yuvraj revealed that how his mother came to know about his illness before him.\"When I met the doctor and he told me about my illness, the first thing that I said to him was that my mother shouldn't be informed about it. However the doctor told me that he has informed my mother before informing me. My mother has been like a pillar of strength for me. She has taken care of me just like any mother does it for a two-year-old.\"Yuvraj couldn't forget how Anil Kumble affectionately scolded him when he was in the US to meet him.\"Anil walked into the room and saw me watching India vs Australia match on television. The first thing he told me was to switch off the TV and rest. He gave me a long lecture on how I should just leave aside everything and concentrate on my health,\" Yuvraj fondly recollected.\"I have learnt one lesson from this illness. I have stopped taking my health for granted. We sportsmen ignore a lot of niggles and health problems but now I would not ignore anything,\" he said.He admitted that the idea to set up the Foundation came from cycling legend Lance Armstrong's \"Livestrong\" project which started after seven-time Tour de France champion successfully recovered from testicular cancer.\"Lance has been a real life hero. His organisation has given me a lot of encouragement and my decision to start an awareness programme started after that. I don't know how much cricket I will play but certainly I felt that I should do something for those who are suffering from cancer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14725238", "title": "Punjab Police figures high on rights violation complaints", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Police has been ranked third among 28 states in India in receiving human rights violation complaints against its own personnel in 2011. Haryana is sixth in the list with Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh taking the top two positions, respectively.The recently released figures of Nation Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) show that a total of 5,767 complaints of human rights violations against different rank personnel of Punjab Police were received and police authorities marked departmental probe in 2,057 complaints.Interestingly, merely 142 regular first information reports (FIRs) were registered by Punjab Police after completing investigation of all complaints it received against policemen. 4,739 complaints out of 5,767 were declared false and were turned down after preliminary probes. The NCRB figures revealed 28 cops were convicted and 20 discharged by various trail courts of Punjab in 2011.With 11,971 complaints against its police personnel UP is ranked first in the country, while MP received 10,683 complaints against its police personnel, which is second highest in the country.Haryana police received a total 3,058 complaints against its personnel and marked 858 departmental probes taking the cognizance of these complaints in 2011. 960 complaints out of 3,058 were turned down as false and 269 FIRs were registered against cops in Haryana in 2011.Himachal Pradesh is far down in the list with only 373 complaints being received against policemen and 17 FIRs registered in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14730972", "title": "Bailable warrant against Anbumani Ramadoss in medical college scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday issued a bailable warrant against former health minister Anbumani Ramadoss after he failed to appear before it in a case of allegedly allowing a medical college to go ahead with admissions without having sufficient resources.Special CBI Judge Talwant Singh issued bailable warrant of Rs 10,000 against PMK leader Ramadoss after the probe agency told the court that summons have not been served to him as he has gone to Bangalore from Chennai for medical treatment.\"I want his presence in the court. It seems Ramadoss is avoiding the summons. Let bailable warrants of a sum of Rs 10,000 be issued against him and the same should be executed by the DIG of concerned branch of the CBI for July 20,\" the judge said.Besides Ramadoss, who was the Union minister of health and family welfare from May, 2004 till April, 2009 in UPA-I, CBI has filed charge sheet against K V S Rao, director in cabinet secretariat, Sudershan Kumar, section officer of ministry of health and family welfare (MHFW) and Dr J S Dhupia and Dr Dipendra Kumar Gupta of Safdarjung Hospital. The charge sheet, filed before Special CBI Judge Talwant Singh, also named Suresh Singh Bhadoria, chairman of Index Medical College Hospital and Research Centre (IMCHRC), Dr S K Tongia, ex-Dean of the college, Dr K K Saxena, medical director of the college, Nitin Gothwal and Dr Pawan Bhambani.According to the charge sheet, Ramadoss and other accused conspired with each other in permitting IMCHRC admission for second year despite the fact that the Medical Council of India (MCI) and a committee appointed by the Supreme Court had \"repeatedly recommended\" that IMCHRC was not having sufficient faculty and clinical material required as per MCI norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727594", "title": "Justice after nine years, says Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: Celebrations started in BSP office early on Friday morning as soon as the news arrived that Supreme Court (SC) has dismissed the CBI's case against Mayawati. As jubilant supporters burst firecrackers and distributed sweets, the dalit leader appeared before the media and announced that she had got justice after nine years and that her position had been vindicated. While thanking party workers for standing behind her and her counsel Harish Salve and SC Mishra, who is also BSP MP and general secretary, Mayawati said that she was victim of political vendetta during the past nine years over the case. While the opposition parties were guarded in its reaction, political pundits felt that it would help the Congress party more in political terms than Mayawati.Reading out from a written speech, the BSP supremo compared herself with dalit icons Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar saying that anti-dalit forces had created obstacles in his way as well and vowed to ahead the message of Babasaheb and BSP founder Kanshi Ram . However, what made her short speech significant was the fact that she did not take name of any party while mentioning about political vendetta, although she had gone on record in the past that BJP-led NDA government at the Centre used the CBI to lodge Taj Heritage Corridor (THC) and disproportionate assets (DA) cases against her in 2003-2004 and that the Congress-led UPA government has also been misusing the CBI against her. Mayawati, in fact, had also said several times during her campaign for UP assembly elections earlier this year that Congress president Sonia Gandhi in 2004 had assured her relief in corruption cases if BSP supports Congress.While Maya tactically chose not to name the BJP or the Congress, her close aide SC Mishra and other party leaders specifically mentioned the name of BJP-led NDA government for lodging FIR in DA case against Behenji. However, they also chose not to name Congress. Instead, in their statements, BSP leaders said that successive Central governments had been misusing the CBI against Mayawati. Political analyst, however, felt that there was a connection between the 'restrain' exercised by BSP leaders in naming Congress and CBI presenting a 'weak case' against Mayawati. They said that though the CBI filed case against Maya under the BJP-led NDA government, it was the Congress-led UPA government which derived maximum benefit from it as UPA has been in power at the Centre from 2004 till date. Now an attempt is being made to project that the BJP misused CBI and not the Congress, analysts said.The observation of political analysts got credence from the fact that top Congress leaders in UP chose to remain silent over the issue while the lower rung in their guarded statements blamed BJP for misusing the CBI against Mayawati. Similarly, top BJP leaders also kept mum, while secondary line blamed the Congress for using the CBI to pressurise BSP for political gains. They cited example of 2007, when the then UP governor, TV Rajeswar, denied permission to CBI to prosecute Mayawati in THC case and thereafter, the BSP voted for UPA's presidential candidate. This time again, BSP has announced support for UPA's presidential candidate. They also pointed out that in April 2010, Mayawati saved UPA government in the Lok Sabha during cut motion in budget session brought by BJP and Left parties after the CBI told Supreme Court that it can consider withdrawing case against Maya.The reaction of BSP's main rival SP was even more interesting. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his chief minister son, Akhilesh Yadav , did not issue any statement apparently because the SC is expected to deliver judgement in DA case against Mulayam and family on July 30. However, lower rung SP leaders were ambivalent in their reactions. On one hand SP leaders welcomed apex court's decision and joined chorus with the BSP leader in calling the CBI \"a political tool\" of the Central government, on the other hand they also said that \"it was not Mayawati's victory but was the CBI's loss\". \"Now, did the CBI commit this error on purpose to save Mayawati or was it a genuine mistake, these questions need to be answered,\" SP general secretary Shahid Siddiqui told reporters in Delhi. In Lucknow, senior leader Azam Khan said that Maya might have got a clean chit in a particular case but people know who is corrupt.Political analysts said that the SC verdict was a personal relief for Maya but politically it might not benefit her. \"The DA case was filed in 2004 but in every election thereafter Mayawati's vote share increased and she came to power in 2007 with majority. It was the corruption during her rule in the state which hit the common man the most led to her defeat first in 2009 Lok Sabha elections and in 2012 assembly polls,\" said Ashish Awasthi, an analyst. Another analyst, Sudhir Panwar said \"the SC verdict is first good news for Maya after assembly poll defeat. Indictment of BSP ministers in corruption cases by the Lokayukta tarnished BSP's image and affected moral of workers that reflected in the assembly polls. The exoneration in DA case on technical ground is a breather for Maya and will provide Congress an opportunity to blame BJP for misusing CBI. And, don't be surprised if CBI files a review in the case petition after the Presidential elections\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14726867", "title": "An initiative towards better and greener Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Better Kochi Response group (BKRG) , a private forum of 23 Kochi citizens, released a booklet aimed at inculcating civic sense in school students in Kochi. The booklet, available in both Malayalam and English, was distributed to representatives of various schools in Kochi at a function held at justice V R Krishna Iyer's residence on Friday.The booklet was formally handed over to the district collector P I Sheik Pareeth by V R Krishna Iyer.\"It's a great project by the BKRG. Our schools are the primary ground for change and such initiatives will be taken up by the government in future,\" said the district collector.This is one of the first in a series of booklets that the BKRG plans to launch in the subsequent months.In an effort to promote 'green thinking', the BKRG held initial talks with chief secretary K Jayakumar to bring the horticulture mission's programme, Pachakari Samridhi Nadinnum Nagarathinum, to Kochi.\"The campaign which is popular in Thiruvananthapuram is now being tested in Kochi. Right now, we are concentrating on identifying more people interested in open-terrace farming programme. The best way to start is from the school level. We wish to take this programme to schools before Onam holidays,\" said BKRG secretary S Gopakumar.There are takers for the project too. The SRV Government Boys School and Rajagiri School in the city have already made plans to grow their own vegetables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727219", "title": "Mangalore Institute of Technology and Engineering students secure good results", "text": "MANGALORE: As many as 297 of the 300 students of Mangalore Institute of Technology and Engineering (MITE), Mijar in Moodbidri, who appeared for final year BE examination conducted by Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) in May 2012, have passed. Students of the electronics and communication stream have secured 100 per cent results.Of the 69 students in the stream, 58 secured distinction and 11 first class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14730325", "title": "West Bengal is open for private universities: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: With the passage of a bill to set up three new universities, including a private one, in the state assembly, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday said the education sector has now been thrown open to private universities.\"The road is now open for private sector universities to impart education,\" she wrote on her Facebook page while describing the day as \"historic\" as the legislative assembly has passed bills for setting up of three new universities in the state.Under the bill, a private university, Techno India University, will be set up with campus at Salt Lake and Joka on the outskirts of the city.\"The three new universities will provide ample opportunities for the young generation to avail management, engineering and professional education in the state, instead of migrating to other states,\" she said.The state-aided universities include one at Cooch Behar district while another has been named Kazi Nazrul University which would come up at Asansol, close to the birth place of the rebel poet Kazi Nazrul Islam.On the passage of another bill to provide 17 per cent reservation for Backward Classes and SC/ST, she said \"it would bring a new era in the development and upliftment of Muslim brothers and sisters\".\"A policy decision has also been taken to provide similar facilities for them in education,\" she added.Pointing out that the assembly has also cleared the West Bengal Panchayat Election Bill, 2012, which provides 50 per cent reservation for women, in elections, she said \"We salute the women and stand for our solidarity with the mothers and sisters of Bengal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726087", "title": "HC issues notice to Benaulim MLA", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Friday issued a notice to Goa Vikas Party (GVP) MLA Caetano 'Caitu' D'Silva in an election petition filed by former PWD minister Churchill Alemao's daughter Valanka against him seeking his disqualification. Justice A P Lavande issued the notice after hearing the petition challenging the Benaulim MLA's election to the Goa assembly. The petitioner alleged that he holds dual citizenship.Valanka sought D'Silva's disqualification on the ground that he had acquired a Portuguese passport on July 21, 2010, and had now allegedly attained citizenship of that country.Valanka, who was a Congress party candidate, garnered 7,694 votes, D'Silva polled 9,695 votes, while John Fernandes came third bagging only 1,277 votes.Valanka prayed that the election be invalidated because D'Silva ceased to be an Indian citizen after acquiring citizenship of Portugal.All four members of the Alemao family, including Churchill, his brother Joaquim and his son Yuri were defeated in the March 3 assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725991", "title": "Security at district court beefed up, metal detectors installed", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after mob attacked three murder case witnesses inside the courtroom, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has stressed on the security review of Nagpur district and session court to prevent similar attack in future. on Thursday. Taking immediate actions, the top cop immediately set up metal detectors at the entry and exit gates on Friday afternoon.Dhanvijay took the decision of installing the detectors after discussing security issues during a meeting with district judge Subhash Mohod, lawyers and District Bar Association (DBA) members on Friday afternoon. The cops, judges and lawyers have listed measures to be gradually adopted for ensuring proper security at the court.Dhanvijay claimed that the matter was unnecessarily exaggerated by the lawyers.\"The lawyers unnecessarily exaggerated the issue. There was only verbal argument between the witnesses and the attackers. However, as a preventive action, we have immediately installed metal detectors, bag scanners and have also increased the number of police personnel posted on the court premises,\" Dhanvijay said.On Thursday, 100 people armed with weapons allegedly attacked three witnesses inside the courtroom in front of the judge and police personnel. However, the situation was controlled after the witnesses climbed the judge's desk and took shelter there while the cops nab 15 attackers.Sadar police have failed to nab the other attackers in the case. Those arrested were remanded to police custody till Saturday.Dhanvijay categorically denied that the attackers use arms inside the court room. He also claimed that around 45 people and not 100, including people from both parties, had entered the court premises. \"We have interrogated the eye-witnesses and taken detailed reports of the case. Argument abruptly started between the two parties,\" he claimed.Judge VN Tambi told the cops that the two groups suddenly started abusing each other which led to tension during the hearing.Dhanvijay said that even the guards didn't allow entering more people inside the courtroom unless the person belongs to any one of the parties.\"Still taking note of the Thursday's case, we have issued strict instructions to the police personnel deployed at the gates not to allow more than five people inside the courtroom unless the particular police personnel give the order,\" Dhanvijay added.He accepted the need to beef up security on the district court premises. Currently, 75 police personnel including six police inspectors are deployed at the court. With enhanced security, visitors are made to go through thorough check, their identity cards are verified.The rear gate of the canteen on the ground floor of the district court will be shut. \"Many sneak into through this rear gate. Henceforth, only the front gate will remain open for the lawyers and other visitors,\" the top cop informed.On parking problems, Dhanvijay said that the separate parking arrangements are in place for lawyers, judges and visitors. \"A strict watch will be kept on the parking lot as well,\" he added. He warned that lawyers illegally parking vehicles outside court premises would not be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14725746", "title": "Girl\u2019s death puts Navi Mumbai doctors on H1N1 high alert", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Following the shocking death of 13-year-old Sarita Chavan due to H1N1 influenza\u2014the first such in two years\u2014nearly 800 Navi Mumbai doctors will now undergo 're-sensitization' training to take timely action against the virus.Sarita was diagnosed with H1N1 only three days after being admitted at MGM Hospital in CBD-Belapur. She succumbed to the virus on July 3.Dr Ramesh Nikam, health department head, Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC), told TOI, \"On Friday, we had an intensive meeting with various medical officers and superintendents on H1N1. We have instructed them to quickly retrain and re-sensitize all concerned doctors in the satellite city so that antiviral drugs can be immediately administered to any patient who shows H1N1 symptoms.'' In Navi Mumbai, all 175 private nursing homes have also been notified to be H1N1 alert.Besides, said Nikam, more than two lakh printed handbills on precautions and preventive steps to combat H1N1 would be distributed to the public at large. Also, two isolation wards at NMMC Hospital in Vashi and Dr D Y Patil Hospital in Nerul have been kept ready for any eventuality. \"There is no need to panic, as people can easily prevent H1N1 infection by following hygienic social habits,'' said Nikam.\"Since the first H1N1 victim (Sarita) was from Jai Durga Mata Nagar hutment colony in Sector 8, CBD, our medical officials have surveyed all the 216 homes in this slum and interacted with 984 residents to make them aware about its hazards,'' said Nikam. Antiviral drug Tamiflu has been administered to the victim's family. Doctors found 24 other residents of the slum suffering from cough and cold, and have put them under observation.Meanwhile, in Mumbai, one more patient tested positive for H1N1 on Friday, taking the count to 68. The 54-year-old from Goregaon, who is admitted at a private hospital, is stable. Dr Mangala Gomare, head, BMC's epidemiology cell, said the man does not have a travel history. \"He has already been put on the five-day antiviral course.\" This report has come from a private laboratory, indicating that tests here are now more affordable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727722", "title": "'Relief funds to go to block development officer'", "text": "NASHIK: To streamline funding involved in scarcity relief activity the state government has started transferring funds directly to the block development officer (BDO), thereby skipping the local tehsildar in the process.Scarcity-relatedAfter being transferred to the BDO account, the funds are now being transferred directly to Block Development Officer's (BDO) accounts which are then forwarded to beneficiaries through post offices. Earlier, local tehsildars were also in involved in the transaction,against the earlier practice of involving the local Tehsildars for the transaction.\"So far, BDOs have been presenting demands related to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme to tehsildars who in turn would forward these to the deputy collector. Sanctioned funds would then be routed through the same channel. But this process would take ten days in addition to problems where the required documentation was not forwarded in time. However, the step involving the tehsildars has been skipped. Going forward, BDOs will directly interact with the deputy collector with regard to scarcity relief funds,\" deputy collector Employment Guarantee Scheme (EGS), D A Karda said.Speaking at the zilla parishad (ZP), during a meeting called by the ZP presidentto discuss issues related to scarcity, Karda said that ZP officials needed to present their demands in appropriate formats for better evaluation and a faster calculation of funds required by them, under EGS.Karda was replying to various demands raised by members of the house - especially those related to funds being cleared under EGS. Following his clarifications, ZP president Jayashree Pawar came down heavily on both, BDO and ZP officials, - the BDOs and the officials from the ZP saying that had they been careful with procecure and formats issues related to fund clearances would have been streamlined by now.According to ZP officials their demands for funds pending with the deputy collector amounted to Rs 14 crores and this had to be cleared at the earliest.Meanwhile, the members of the house attacked the BDO for Nashik, Manish Sangle, for allegedly not doing his job properly. The members were surprised that despite people from the tehsil demanding measures to contain scarcity, Sangle had not proposed a proposal for the same. The president asked the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to look into the matterZP CEO, Ranjitkumar Mehta has ordered to issue a notice to Sangle for dereliction in duty, deputy chief executive officer Vasudeo Solanke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726650", "title": "Statement of Bishop recorded", "text": "BHOPAL: The statement of P C Singh- the Bishop of church of north India Jabalpur diocese was recorded on Friday in connection with the abduction of Ladley Mathew, the principal of Christ Church Boys School, Jabalpur that occurred here on July 3.The two had come to Bhopal for hearing of a dispute in regard to a society. Mathew was heading towards his friend's residence at Shivaji Nagar after the hearing when three persons abducted him in a white Tata Sumo car from near the Chinar Park.The three unidentified accused allegedly beat Mathew and threatened him to surrender some documents. Mathew was later released by the accused after which he approached the MP Nagar police station and lodged a complaint that stated Bishop PC Singh is behind his abduction.Subsequently, the police have issued a notice to him in response of which the Bishop PC Singh appeared before the police and gave his statement.The town inspector of MP Nagar police station R R Bansal confirmed the development to TOI and said Mathew had also levelled charges of financial irregularities against the bishop and further investigations are continuing in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726109", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji's axe falls on hoardings in capital city", "text": "PANAJI: It seems like the long arm of the law is finally catching up with violators within the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) jurisdiction. The CCP has begun a multi-pronged enforcement of rules and has started by taking down hoardings around the Kadamba Transport Corporation terminus area in Panaji.The CCP workers on Friday pulled down and dismantled the large hoarding boards that lined the front of the terminus area. This is in keeping with a resolution passed by the CCP some years ago to rid Panaji of hoardings. The resolution was, however, not implemented. CCP officials said that the hoardings were defacing the city by turning it into an eyesore through \"visual pollution\".The CCP also removed multiple name boards that most of the casino operators had installed along the Mandovi promenade as well as other boards that were protruding along pavements in the city.Besides, the corporation is also continuing with its drive to clear encroachments from the Panaji market area.Sources said that the new CCP commissioner, Sanjit Rodrigues, appears to have adopted a tough line on the illegalities in the city with CCP officials seizing crates of vegetables and fruits from vendors in the past few days.On Wednesday, the CCP also sealed two premium branded clothing and accessories showrooms on 18th June Road. The lease for the showrooms had been illegally transferred and proceedings for the sealing had long concluded but no action was being taken due to political patronage enjoyed by those running the showrooms.In another related development, around nine gaddas that were operating in various parts of the city have also been removed. Despite high court directions to this effect, previous CCP commissioners were unable to get these gaddas removed.A majority of the illegalities on all fronts in Panaji were being carried out with impunity largely due to patronage from some politicians who were controlling the previous CCP administration as well as some councillors, said sources.However, the CCP officials are now trying to curb all illegalities without any selective targeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "singapore/new delhi", "code": "14726022", "title": "Recycling waste water to boost supply", "text": "SINGAPORE/NEW DELHI: At the World Cities Summit that concluded this week in Singapore, after discussing over four days integrated urban solutions for liveable and sustainable cities, the delegates from 104 countries and regions didn't have to look far for a model. This city state with an area of only 710 sq km and a total population of just about 5 million has in a way become the world leader in harnessing, successfully, new technologies to deal with scant natural resources in a way that strikes a balance between its economic growth and environment.In recycling its water and waste (to generate energy), collecting every drop of rainwater and channeling it to its 17 reservoirs, carving out wide urban public spaces as the city develops, reclaiming land from the sea, aggressive greening of surroundings and buildings, building a mass rapid transit system, capping the number of cars on the road and keeping pollution at bay, Singapore has shown its 'can do' spirit which is now inspiring other cities.Water-starved Delhi, which has to depend on its neighbours - and to some extent on a rapidly diminishing groundwater supply - has turned to Singapore for its NEWater - treated waste water that was available for consumption by the participants at the summit. This is collected through the Deep Tunnel Sewerage System (DTSS), an underground network, built with an eye on the future.Singapore relies on neighbour Malaysia for about 40% of its water consumption but the agreement will end in 50 years. Anticipating a crunch, the Singapore Water Reclamation Study was initiated in 1998 as a joint initiative between the Public Utilities Board (PUB), the national water agency, and the ministry of environment and water resources. Now there are five NEWater plants that cater to about 30% of the demand. It's also investing in desalination.\"Because of its high-grade quality, most of the NEWater is used for wafer fabrication processes, non-potable applications in manufacturing processes as well as air-con cooling towers in commercial buildings. This has freed up a large amount of drinking water,\" say PUB officials. The treated water has been put through several tests and its quality is better than what's prescribed by WHO for potable water.Treatment of the waste water involves a three-stage process, starting with microfiltration, moving to reverse osmosis and ending with ultraviolet rays. In Delhi, a water reclamation plant with a capacity of 40 million gallons per day will be set up at the Coronation Pillar sewage treatment plant. \"The STP will supply us with treated effluent which will be put through a secondary level of treatment and then returned to the river about 20 km upstream of Wazirabad for mixing with our raw water supply. We are then looking at two additional treatment processes - aeration and sunlight and then another stage at the water treatment plant,\" said a DJB official.The project will benefit 3-4 million people in Delhi. Under the memorandum of understanding signed between the governments of Delhi and Singapore, the project will operate on a public private partnership model with Temasek Foundation providing Singapore $ 463,149 for the plant. \"The Singapore government will help Delhi Jal Board (DJB) in preparing an initial feasibility report and a detailed project report. The tender for the project will be issued not before the beginning of 2014 but we are hoping that the work will be completed in the next four years,\" said a DJB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "14724875", "title": "Lokayukta NBW against collector", "text": "ONGOLE: Angry over non-compliance of its directive, Lokayukta issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against the Prakasam district collector on Friday. According to sources, Lokayukta took up an investigation into alleged f misappropriation of funds allotted for National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) in Vetapalem mandal of the district a year ago. After the initial probe, the Lokayukta directed the district collector to submit a report on its findings in January 2012. With the district administration failing to file its report despite repeated warnings, Lokayukta justice C Ananda Reddy issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against the district collector.When contacted, collector Anitha Rajendra said that she had not received any NBW from the Lokayukta. She, however, said she would personally appear before Lokayukta and submit the report in case any directive was issued.She said she was unaware of previous directives of the commission as she took charge recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14727037", "title": "MoEF move on Lion Safari comes in for criticism", "text": "KANPUR: The move of MoEF on Lion Safari, the dream project of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , had come as a shocker for the people of Etawah, who hoped that it would boost tourism and bring economic prosperity.\"The action of the Centre is unreasonable as the state government was just trying to clear a patch of land covered with thick vilayati babul (scientifically known as prosopis juliflora) and develop a natural habitat for the royal animal for the smooth commencement of the project. It requires a lot of effort in developing natural habitat for lions. It is no child's play. Many steps are required to be undertaken to create the perfect habitat.Like for example, to prevent water scarcity in the safari, water holes in the form of ponds and saucers have to be created. Then plantation of soft-padded saplings and grass, construction of approach roads, digging of trenches and active area for the animals has to be done, which is a very much part of afforestation,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature.Similarly, plantation of grass and saplings is another necessary step. \"Lions habitat requires plantation of 'deenanath', 'kareel' and 'khair' grasses. Likewise, seeds and saplings of 'neem', 'sheesham', 'chokhar' and 'ardu' have to be planted to keep the foliage as realistic to the lion's natural setting,\" he said.\"We appeal to one and all to condemn the decision of the MoEF for halting the project, which is to come up in nearly 150 acres of Reserved Fisher forest area on Etawah-Gwalior highway,\" said Jagram Yadav, a resident of Etawah.\"It is duly established that the Central government had already made up its mind to slow down the pace of SP supremo's dream project and the issuance of notice without any substance or base merely seems to be a political gimmick by Congress,\" said Ajay Kumar, another local.\"The project had revived the hope of tourism in the region but once again become a political issue. A large number of mega projects funded by Central government, violating Union ministry of environment and forests norms have been proposed in the region. Why no objection, regarding these projects funded by Central government agencies has been raised so far,\" questions a tour and travel operator Hira Singh Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14727209", "title": "Mahadalit widows seek justice from CM", "text": "GAYA: Phuljhari Devi and Kalauti Devi, the two Mahadalit widows from Dumaria police station area in Gaya district, in separate but identical petitions addressed to chief minister Nitish Kumar , have sought justice. They have alleged that the police killed their husbands on June 10, 2012, afternoon and subsequently branded them as 'Maoists'.As per the petition of the widows, Awadhesh Bhuiyan and Phoolchand Bhuiyan, residents of Chakharbandha village under the Dumaria police station area, remained indoors for the better part of June 10 as a gun battle was going on between the police forces and the Maoists and landmine blasts rent the air forcing the villagers to remain indoors.At about 3 pm, when the guns went silent and the cattleheads grew thirsty, the two men came out of their houses to quench the thirst of the cattle. A group of policemen surrounded them and inquired about the identity and hideouts of the Maoists. Even as the two men started pleading their innocence, the angry policemen shot them dead and dumped their bodies into a police van, the widows alleged.As per the contents of the petition, the bodies of the killed men were not handed over to their kin for three days. The highly decomposed bodies were handed over to the family members at 9 pm on June 13 on ANMMCH, Gaya, premises following the intervention of local activists. The local SHO got the thumb impression of the widows on a blank piece of paper before handing over the bodies, said the petition.As the bodies were highly decomposed, they could not be taken to the village and the cremation was done in Gaya town, more than 70 km away. Fearing police revenge, nobody in the area offered them any help, so they had no option but to approach the chief minister. Awadhesh Bhuiyan, one of the two men killed in what the police say is a 'genuine encounter' was a member of the Patna-based Mahadalit Vikas Manch (MVM) and had been issued an identity card by it.Demanding an impartial inquiry into the matter, the widows apprehend that independent inquiry was not possible so long as the Sherghati DSP was not shifted. Soon after the incident, CRPF DIG Umesh Kumar claimed that the two men were Maoists and were killed during the encounter. The CRPF DIG also blamed the media for being partisan to the 'wrongdoers' and skeptical about the police version in all such situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14725340", "title": "Power woes: Tajewal villagers log on to Hathnikund Barrage's hotline feeders", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Reeling under severe power crunch, Tajewala villagers on Thursday night resorted to drawing electricity connections directly from hotline feeders catering to electricity needs of Hathnikund barrage.As the word spread , officials of the district administration, Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and police rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation. It took them three hours to cool frayed tempers of villagers and get the domestic power line of Tajewal village disconnected from hotline.\"They have acquired our land to set up the Tajewala head and power distribution centre here. But despite all this, we are given a three-hour power supply during the day. Since our requests and representations to UHBVN officials as well as the district administration have remained unheard, we were forced to take this step to ensure uninterrupted power supply,'' claimed Harish, a protesting villager.Eyewitnesses said the real action began by Thursday evening, when hundreds of villagers assembled near the hotline feeders connected with Tajewala head. Soon after, they got their domestic power line linked to the hotline connection.The gates are opened and closed according to the level of flow and for water distribution to Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana. Even a minor power cut can cause a havoc at the barrage spot.Among those who rushed to the village and reason with the residents were SDM, Bilaspur, Ashwini Maingi, DSP Suresh Kaushik and executive engineer, irrigation, Sanjeev Gupta.Denying any inkling of what was on the villagers' mind, sarpanch Yash Pal claimed, \"The act were illegal and I had no idea where and when they planned to do all this.\"SHO Harbans Lal of Khizrabad police station could not be contacted as he was said to be busy in a meeting. However, officials at the police station said they have not been asked to register a complaint against any person regarding the incident as the administration told them that matter had been sorted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14727054", "title": "AMC has to propose changes to monument authority", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For a long time the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) has been insisting that the urban local body should approach the national monument authority (NMA), a high powered committee, for the storm water drain. This, according to the senior AMC official, should have been undertaken at the policy-making level of the AMC with the NMA.The procedure involves submission of a structural impact study to NMA. \"ASI's contention was that while carrying out development work, no harm should come to the monument nor should it interfere with the existing fabric of the place. The storm water drain was welcomed by the ASI as its motive was to add value to the Sarkhej Roza. What they insisted was that a team convinces the NMA of the project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725644", "title": "Rain, strong wind disrupt flights at IGI Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhiites celebrated the arrival of pre-monsoon showers, IGI Airport saw a major disruption in traffic as heavy rain and strong winds held up operations for a short duration on Friday evening. The Met department recorded 29.4mm rainfall in Palam between 6pm and 8.30pm.Airport sources said seven flights were diverted and three flights forced to make a go-around due to strong winds in the airport's approach path between 6pm and 7.30 pm. Several others were delayed by 15 to 45 minutes as first departures and later arrivals were held up.\"The rain was not such a problem as was the thunderstorm. When the storm picked up around 6pm, no departures were possible for almost 30 minutes. The wind direction kept switching and we had to change the runway direction twice. Then around 6.45pm, arrivals had to be stopped for 15 minutes during which the aircraft were made to circle over Delhi,\" said an airport official.Airlines reported that due to strong winds and thunder activity on the approach path, many of their flights were unable to stick to the routes identified by the air traffic control. \"The pilots had to divert from specified paths on several occasions if they came across a turbulent pocket on the route. This is a safety matter for airlines,\" said an official.At Terminal 1D, boarding also had to be stopped for a short while as it was unsafe to take passengers out in the open. \"At Terminal 3, boarding takes place through aerobridges. At 1D, passengers board through step ladders and in very strong winds, it is advisable to stop boarding and not have anyone in the airside without cover,\" said an airline source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gaighata (north 24-parganas)", "code": "14726923", "title": "\u2018Rape village\u2019 up in arms after crusader\u2019s killing", "text": "GAIGHATA (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): Hundreds of women, armed with brooms and bamboo sticks, attacked police, ransacked a police outpost and blocked a key road for 10 hours on Friday in Sutia, some 80km from Kolkata, to protest against the murder of a schoolteacher who had saved the area from a gang of rapists ten years ago. At least 40,000 people turned up for the funeral of 'Mastermoshai' Barun Biswas.The spontaneous outburst of anger took the administration by surprise. Sutia residents are furious with police for not being able to protect Barun despite several earlier attempts on his life. The RAF was called in to lift the siege but the armour-clad men did not know how to take on an army of women. Locals believe Barun was murdered by the gangsters who were jailed or forced to go underground because of his crusade against the rapes. Their suspicion was deepened by the arrest of Bhim Biswas, a close aide of Susanta Chowdhury, one of the prime accused in the Sutia gang-rape case.Between 2000 and 2003, Sutia was one of the baddest of the badlands in the country. Gangrapes were a daily affair. Teenagers were raped in front of their mothers, wives in front of husbands and mothers in front of children in a horrific strategy to terrorise the population. If any woman protested, the gang would barge into the house and rape every female in the family. Women could not even step out of Sutia as the gang ran it like its personal fiefdom. Even the police didn't dare interfere.Then, Barun, a quiet 26-year-old schoolteacher, rose in protest and led a campaign that ended the reign of terror. Barun's fightback is the stuff that Bollywood blockbusters are made of, but the blood, guts and bullets and bombs were all too real.He was shot dead by three men on a bike as soon as he stepped out of Gobordanga railway station on Wednesday evening. The gang shot him in the back, as a hundred people watched in horror. Biswas turned around to face his killers and took the second bullet in the chest. If the killers had planned to silence the voice of protest, the result was just the opposite.People streamed out of their homes at night and when daylight broke, the sleepy policemen in Sutia outpost found themselves surrounded by a huge crowd of women. The mob stormed in, drove out the cops and wrecked furniture. A police bike and a jeep were damaged. Then, the protesters moved to the streets. The blockade of Gobardanga-Berigopalpur Road started at 5am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731310", "title": "When Chahat Khanna couldn\u2019t host comedy show!", "text": "Not many know that Chahat Khanna was offered to host the fifth season of The Great Indian Laughter Challenge.The pretty actress was almost finalized to host one of the most successful stand-up comedy shows on Indian television. But she could not give the look test for the same as she was concerned about her dates clashing with the shooting of Bade Achhe Lagte Hain .Chahat is currently seen as Ayesha in Balaji Telefilms' popular show Bade Achhe Lagte Hain on Sony TV. Says Chahat, \"Initially my dates were clashing so I was unable to do Laughter challenge but I now realize that I could have done it as my shooting dates for both were different\".The Great Indian Laughter Challenge has made stars out of former hosts Parizaad Kolah Marshall and Shonali Nagrani. Sources also inform that Kritika Kamra has been approached to host season 5 that will be aired on Life OK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725696", "title": "12-year-old shot at while trying to foil robbery in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman's 12-year-old son was shot in the head by assailants as he tried to raise an alarm to prevent a robbery at his east Delhi residence.The victim, Priyanshu Tayal, is admitted at Max Hospital in Patparganj and his condition is critical. His father Manoj Tayal, a copper industrialist, is a resident of Bhola Nagar in the Farsh Bazar area. The incident took place when the businessman's wife and her two children were at home. Around 1.30pm, two men knocked on the door asking for the businessman. \"One of the kids answered the door and the men entered the house. The duo held the inmates at gunpoint asking them to maintain silence,\" said a police officer.The robbers began to ransack the house as the family watched helplessly. Suddenly, Tayal's younger child, Priyanshu, began to cry in an effort to catch the neighbours' attention. Within seconds, one of the robbers whipped out a pistol and shot at the child, police said. Afraid of getting caught, the men locked the house from outside and fled with cash worth Rs 20,000 and some jewellery. Once they left, the businessman's wife screamed for help. Neighbours rushed the boy to a hospital and called the police.Hospital sources said that the child had sustained gunshot injuries in the right side of his head and had undergone a surgery upon. He is still under observation.Meanwhile, an empty cartridge of 7.65 caliber was recovered from the house. Cops suspect the involvement of an insider as the entry was not forced. A forensic team was also called to collect evidence. According to sources, several people including the neighbours and security guards in the area are being questioned. Call records are also being analyzed.DCP east Prabhakar said that a case of robbery with an intent to cause death/grievous hurt under Section 397 of IPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726115", "title": "40,000 seats likely to go vacant in engineering colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting an engineering seat in the state seems to be a piece of cake. For, this year too, up to 40,000 seats are likely to go vacant in engineering institutes, defying the purpose of an engineering entrance exam in the state.With more seats than the numbers of students who have registered, most engineering colleges will struggle to fill up their seats.Around 2.8 lakh students had appeared for the engineering subjects (physics-chemistry-mathematics: PCM) in MHT-CET this year. Of them, only 1.2 lakh students have registered for the engineering admissions, while there are a total of 1.48 lakh seats in 363 engineering colleges in the state. According to an official from the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), the numbers of seats is likely to go up by at least 5% under the tuition fee waiver scheme (TFWS).Last year, the corresponding figure for students was around 1.04 lakh, while there were 1.4 lakh seats in all.\"The last date of registration was June 28. We extended the date by a couple of days for students who were unable to procure the required documents. However, the numbers of applicants went up only by a few thousands in the two days. Once the TFWS seats are counted, the numbers of vacancies may go up to 40,000,\" said an official.He said most of the vacant seats are usually found in colleges in remote areas of Vidarbha, Marathwada, Nagpur and Jalgaon. \"In cities like Mumbai and Pune, the problem is not very severe. But even colleges here face difficulties in filling up seats in courses like information technology (IT), chemical, production and textile engineering,\" added the DTE official. Last year, close to 35,000 engineering seats remained vacant. The AICTE lowered the eligibility criteria for engineering/technical courses from 50% in Class XII (in PCM) to 45% for the general category. This, however, was not of much help.While several states,including Maharashtra, have written to the AICTE not to give permission to new institutes, around 15 new colleges have been given sanctioned this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14727500", "title": "BJP plans Kodagu bandh on July 12", "text": "MADIKERI: In a bid to put pressure on the government to get the Unesco World Heritage Site tag to the Western Ghats removed, the BJP's Kodagu district unit will hold a district-wide bandh on July 12.On Friday, MLA Appachu Ranjan and BJP district president BD Manjunath said the bandh would express their opposition to the tag which lists four sites in Kodagu.\"It's ironical that the state government is opposing the World Heritage Site tag to Western Ghats. We condemn the government's attitude and citizens should not support the Kodagu bandh,\" said Raghavendra M Y, founder of Western Ghats Environment Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14725369", "title": "Man forces wife to drink acid", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A housewife battles for life after her husband allegedly forced her to drink acid here on Friday. The incident took place in 104 area of the city.Adi Lakshmi, fell in love with Nagaraju, a driver, and married him five years ago. After the birth of two children, he started harassing Lakshmi for dowry.He forced her to drink half of the acid in the bottle on Friday after a heated argument with her.Lakshmi was rushed immediately to KGH by the locals in a critical condition. Raju is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732503", "title": "Music of Kajra Mohabbat Wala is a hit!", "text": "The most talked about movie of Bhojpuri cinema, 'Kajra Mohabbat Wala' is banking in a lot of cash mainly due to its music. Produced under the banner of P J Films Production, Producer- director Harish Jaiswal is happy at the progress of the movie. There are nine songs in the movie written by Rakesh Nirala and music director is Rakesh Trivedi who gave the music keeping in mind the Bhojpuri audience. 'Raja Ji Zara Sambhal ke' and 'Duniya Ke Batlu' are few of the many songs of the movie which have become a rage among the youth.Many upcoming projects of PJ Films Production is lined up for release and we are expecting many more hits from them. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725830", "title": "CNG price up by 8%, may spark demand for fare hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indraprastha Gas Ltd (IGL) on Friday raised the price of CNG by Rs 2.90 per kg, or about 8%, to offset the impact of the rupee's fall against the dollar, upward revision in electricity tariff and rising volume of costlier imported gas in the sale. The latest increase, the second this year, marks a 14% increase in the fuel's price since January, and is expected to set off demands for a fare hike by public transport operators.In Delhi, CNG would now cost Rs. 38.35 per kg. The quantum of increase would be Rs 3.30 a kg in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad due to a higher rate of state tax, and would cost Rs 43.10 a kg. IGL had last raised CNG prices in March. The company, however, claimed the latest hike would push up running cost of autos by only 8 paisa per km, 14 paisa per km for taxis and 83 paisa per km for buses, which translates to less than two paisa per passenger-km.Company executives said even after Friday's hike, CNG would still be 60% cheaper than petrol and about 8% than diesel.IGL said rupee's fall against the dollar was the main reason for price revision. It said the rupee had depreciated about 14% against the dollar since the last hike. The impact of the rupee's fall gets magnified as even domestic gas price is set in dollar. The company also has to sell increasing volumes of imported gas to overcome the shortfall in domestic gas. Gas imported in ships from international spot markets cost three to four times that of domestic supplies. IGL also cited the 23% hike in electricity tariff and upward revision in minimum wages as factors that necessitated a revision of CNG prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726725", "title": "Kochi CBI team in Chennai on trail of smuggling racket kingpin", "text": "CHENNAI: A team from the Kochi branch of the Central Bureau of Investigation is in the city on the trail of the kingpin of a gang that has so far smuggled electronic goods worth 30 crore from Singapore to Kochi.The CBI has also announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for information about the smuggler, Khader Mohideen alias Abdullah alias Jinnabhai.A CBI official said the gang is said to have smuggled 24 consignments to Chennai and Kochi in September and October 2011. Of this, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence sleuths intercepted a consignment in Sriperumbudur near Chennai and found it contained contraband electronic goods.Investigation revealed that the consignment was brought from Singapore to Kochi airport and cleared by customs officers. Following this, superintendent KCS Prasanth and preventive officer D S Pillai were suspended. No lookout notice for the kingpin has been issued at the Chennai airport as police are not aware of the passport number, said a CBI official.\"The smuggler does not use a mobile phone and communicates only through PCOs,\" he said. A CBI court in Ernakulam had issued a proclamation warrant asking him to appear before it by August 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14730248", "title": "ISPs move TDSAT against licence fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Internet service providers today approached sectoral tribunal Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) against the government imposing a licence fee of 4 per cent of their adjusted gross revenue (AGR).Internet service providers' association ISPAI has submitted that the government cannot \"unilaterally amend the Licence Fee during the currency of the Licence Agreement\".The government in an order on June 26, 2012 imposed an annual licence fee of 4 per cent of AGR on internet providers, who were not providing internet-based telephone services.Earlier, the service providers were only providing a notional licence fee of Re 1 only. Those who were providing internet telephony and paying a fee of 6 per cent of AGR, have been asked to pay 7 per cent.Moreover, from April, 2013, both ISPs providing internet or internet with telephony services will have to pay licence fee of 8 per cent of their AGR.The Internet service providers have requested the tribunal to \"quash and set-aside the impugned circular\" or to pass \"an ad-interim ex-parte order staying the operation of the impugned Circular\" immediately.In the petition, service providers said that they have licence contracts with the Ministry of Communications &amp; IT, having clear provision of licence fee.\"A contract cannot be unilaterally amended by one of the parties without the consent of the other,\" they said.ISPAI's plea is scheduled to be listed on Monday before a two-member bench of TDSAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14727833", "title": "Weavers cautioned against Chinese shuttleless looms from China under R-TUFS", "text": "SURAT: The Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI), an apex body of the powerloom weavers in the country, has cautioned weavers from placing orders for the hi-tech powerloom machines with the Chinese companies under the Restructured Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (R-TUFS).According to FIASWI, the hi-tech shuttleless powerloom machines manufactured by China do not fall under the specifications fixed by the ministry of textile to avail benefits for 10 per cent capital subsidy and ceiling of Rs 1 crore margin money subsidy under 20 per cent MMS-TUFS for the powerloom sector.Arun Jariwala, chairman, FIASWI said, \"There is a misconception among the weavers falling under the category reserved under the R-TUFS for the small and medium manufacturers that they can import the hi-tech powerloom machines from China and avail 10 per cent capital subsidy.\"According to Jariwala, the technical advisory-cum-monitoring committee (TAMC) of the R- TUFS in its second meeting held at Mumbai on July 13 decided the specifications of the brand new shuttleless looms such as Rapier, Projectile, Airjet and Waterjet looms under which the benefit of 10 per cent capital subsidy can be given.\"None of the machines imported from China or for that matter manufactured by the indigenous manufacturers design the shuttleless looms as per the specification mentioned under the R -TUFS. These shuttleless looms could only be imported from either UK or US,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724621", "title": "Airport line to be shut indefinitely for repairs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airport Express line, the fastest Metro link in the country, will shut down for an indefinite period from this Sunday (July 8). The reason: Delhi Airport Metro Express Pvt Ltd, the Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium that operates the line, claims that running trains on the elevated section of the alignment is a safety hazard.\"We will temporarily suspend operations from July 8 to carry out repair and maintenance work because of defects found in the civil structure,\" said a DAMEPL spokesperson.A Delhi Metro Rail Corporation spokesperson said the corporation was notified about the decision on Friday. \"Yes, DMRC received a communication today evening from the concessionaire operating the Airport Metro express line that they intend to stop train services from Sunday. We would be asking the concessionaire to intimate the date by which they would be able to resume operations after carrying out necessary rectifications on the line.\"On July 2, DAMEPL had shared the findings of an independent inquiry into the elevated section of the line with the Union ministry of urban development. It was subsequently shared with the Delhi government and DMRC.Said an official present in the MoUD meeting, \"Many bearings supporting the girders on the elevated line seem to have been compromised. The independent report is quite damaging.\"The sudden decision to close the line, however, is also being seen as another chapter in the ongoing dispute between the concessionaire and DMRC. Two months ago, DMRC chief Mangu Singh had come down heavily on DAMEPL for its lacklustre performance, saying there were many \"shortcomings\" in the way the Airport Metro Express was being run, especially the frequency of trains, speed on the line and service conditions.At the time, DAMEPL had said speeds had come down to accommodate \"checks and balances to prevent any untoward incidences\".In June, matters seem to have escalated with the concessionaire conducting an independent assessment and inspection of the elevated section of the line which starts after Shivaji stadium and goes on till a tunnel prior to the Delhi Aerocity station. The station on the elevated stretch is Dhaula Kuan.The minutes of the July 2 meeting with UD ministry officials (a copy of which is with TOI) are accompanied by pictures of the \"defects\" in the elevated viaduct, said sources.Sudhir Krishna, secretary (UD), confirmed that the meeting had resulted in the UD ministry ordering an internal inquiry. Said Krishna, \"There have been doubts raised about the elevated section by DAMEPL, which DMRC says have been addressed. However, we have asked for a joint inquiry to be conducted by DMRC and DAMEPL with the assistance of Indian Railways.\"Krishna, however, said that the defects do not seem to be a cause of serious worry. \"Prima facie, the faults seem to be rectifiable. DMRC is already looking into the matter,\" he said.Others present in the meeting however, admit that the independent report, which was conducted by Shirish Patel &amp; Associates (SPA), indicts the quality of construction employed in the elevated viaduct. According to the report, 250 out of the 2,100 bearings on the elevated line were found to be defective. Bearing are concrete structures on top of pillars on which girders rest.The report (a copy of which is with TOI) also points to a small chunk of slab on the U girder, located beyond the bearing on Pier P62, which has got dislodged. \"This is a cause of serious concern and should be examined without further loss of time,\" says the report.Pictures shared at the meeting show cracks in bearings, tilted girders, fillings near girders falling out as well as parts of the pier caps missing. Krishna, however, admitted that since the pictures were not dated, it was hard to determine if the damage had occurred after the repair work done by DMRC.An official in the Railway ministry confirmed that a joint inspection by the Delhi Metro and the concessionaire, with the assistance of railways, would be conducted soon. \"The report is expected to be submitted within 10 days, and a course of action decided by then. The remedial measures that will need to be taken will reviewed by railways first,\" added the official.Meanwhile, confirming the suspension of services, a DAMEPL spokesperson said, \"The Airport Metro Express Line will be suspended from Sunday for an indefinite period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727335", "title": "Parichha extension power plant begins commercial operation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Power situation promised to look up on Friday, with UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL) announcing commercial operation of 250 MW unit-5 of Parichha extension thermal power plant.Managing Director, UPRVUNL, Dheeraj Sahu, said that with the commencement of commercial generation of 250 MW from the unit of Parichha extension, the total installed generation capacity of UPRVUNL power plants has reached 4,433 MW, while the total installed capacity of Parichha thermal power plant is now 890 MW.He informed that another 250 MW will be added to the state kitty by the end of next month, when the sixth unit of Parichha extension power plant will start commercial generation. The total project cost of both these units of 250 MW each is Rs 2,920 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14727502", "title": "Water stock not enough to support irrigation of Kharif crops", "text": "VARANASI: The water stock in the dams and reservoirs are not sufficient to support the irrigation of Kharif crops if monsoon plays a spoilsport this year. However, the region witnessed moderate spell of rain on Thursday evening and Friday morning.\"Without proper rain it is not possible to irrigate paddy fields of this region as most of the reservoirs have no water while only few reservoirs could irrigate the fields for nursery preparation and sowing of paddy in the initial stage,\" admitted VK Singh, a senior officer at the chief engineer Sone Zone office of irrigation department.In the jurisdiction of chief engineer (Sone) of irrigation department, there are 22 dams with huge network of canals for irrigation in Chandauli, Sonebhadra, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ghazipur, Bhadohi and Allahabad districts. An area of over three lakh hectares depends on canals for irrigation of both Rabi and Kharif crops.According to the latest records (till June 30) of the irrigation department, only Jargo reservoir had water for 56 days while Meza reservoir had the stock of water for 44 days. These reservoirs helped in the irrigation of the paddy fields in the initial phase only. Reservoirs like Chandraprabha, Muzaffarpur and Nagwa had stock of water for 21 days while the water stock was only for 15 days in Bhaisoda, Naugarh, Musakhand, and Latifshah reservoirs. They could support the nursery preparation only. The other reservoirs had only dead stocks which could not be released in canals for irrigation. This water is kept reserved for the consumption of villagers and cattle.While the Mirzapur district has maximum 10 reservoirs, Chandauli district has six, Sonbhadra district has four and Allahabad district has two reservoirs under the Sone Zone office of irrigation department. The poor show of monsoon adversely affected the water stocks in the reservoirs. It may be mentioned here that the east UP region had suffered due to poor monsoon for five consecutive years till 2007.Besides, there are six lift canals including Gyanpur, Narayanpur, Bhupauli, Sone, Yamuna and Tons pump canals in the region. However, these pump canals did not function properly due to low water level and power shortage and low voltage, admitted the official of irrigation department. \"There is about 20% decline in the operation of lift canals,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729882", "title": "It's three Fridays; three hits for Viraj Bhatt", "text": "Viraj Bhatt is a happy man these days. Three of his movies have released on three Fridays in Mumbai and all three are banking in a lot of cash. His movie, 'Jaan Tere Naam' with Khesari Lal Yadav has already emerged as a hit and the next Friday 'Bhai Ji' was released. 'Bhai Ji' has till now made a huge profit. Viraj plays the character of a don in this movie. Vishal Tiwari, Tanushree, Shikha were the other stars in the movie.'Dil To Pagal Hola' released this Friday which is a love story. And is already running housefull for days to come. Ramanand Chaudhary is the producer of the film and is directed by Fahim Khan.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726775", "title": "SC allows lawyer to intervene in row over agri society land", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court has permitted third-party intervention in the ongoing tussle between the Tamil Nadu government and the Agri Horticultural Society over the ownership of 114 grounds of prime land worth more than Rs 500 crore on Cathedral Road opposite Semmozhi Poonga here.Permitting advocate Y Bhuvanesh Kumar to implead in the matter pending before the Madras high court, a bench comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya on Friday said he should also be permitted to file a counter-affidavit. The high court had earlier rejected his petition, saying it had become \"infructuous\". \"We are not in concurrence with the observations of the high court that it (the case) had become infructuous,\" the SC bench said.When the matter was taken up, senior advocate R Andhyarujina said there was a collusion at the government-level on the issue. Senior counsel P Wilson submitted that it was not proper for the high court to close Kumar's petition as infructuous because the issue was still alive.Kumar will now be able to file his counter-affidavit to a petition filed by the society, challenging the validity of a government order staying the collector's order granting ownership of the land to the society.After many rounds of litigation, the then DMK government on October 29, 2010 issued a notice questioning the society's ownership over the land. A final order directing it to vacate the land was issued on December 8, 2010. The society challenged the order in the HC, which sent the matter back to the collector.Meanwhile, the power changed hands in the state and the collector was transferred. On August 22, 2011, an official acting as in-charge collector cancelled the eviction notice and confirmed the land title in favour of the society. When an outcry followed, the principal secretary, land administration department, issued an order on November 1, 2011 staying the in-charge collector's order. Challenging the stay, the society moved the HC again. HC rejected the petition of Bhuvanesh Kumar, who then filed a SLP in SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725256", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation fails to pay building rent, shuts Dadar school", "text": "MUMBAI: As many as 132 students of a civic school in Dadar lost their school building as the BMC failed to pay the rent. The lower court had earlier directed the civic body to clear the dues.The BMC had taken the building on lease since 1932. Last month, students didn't get the 26 stationery items promised to them as the issue got embroiled in a purchase scam.Failing to pay the rent to building owner Bakhtawar Irani for four years, the lower court last week asked the BMC to pull the shutters of the school at Bhaktewar Building on Sayani Road, Dadar. Corporators claim that the BMC had over 90 days to appeal in the higher court. Sandeep Deshpande, MNS corporator and standing committee member, said, \"When I questioned the authorities, all that they had to say was that they were mulling various options.\"A BMC official said, \"We will accommodate the students in some of our other schools.\"Arundhati Chavan, president of PTA United, said, \"Students who come to civic schools are generally from a humble background. The students should get their school back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725868", "title": "Quality training for teachers", "text": "BANGALORE: The Times Foundation in association with The Teacher Foundation will conduct a two-day certified programme for school teachers from July 19. The objective is to make them understand the ethos of Jenny Mosley's 'Quality Circle Time' (QCT) and train them to carry out 'Circle Time' sessions with children.It is an approach that is inclusive, positive, caring and assertive for students and staff to experience success in school. The programme will be held at St John's High School, Promenade Road, Fraser Town. Call 9886636507 or 9980113302.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14726117", "title": "Candolim primary health centre is No. 1 in Goa: Minister", "text": "CALANGUTE: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Friday visited the primary health centre (PHC) in Candolim to check the services and conditions there. He was accompanied by Calangute MLA Michael Lobo and director of health services Sanjeev Dalvi. At the PHC, he was received by health officer in-charge Dr Sachin Govenkar.Parsekar said he was very happy with the conditions at the PHC. \"This is the best PHC in Goa. I would rate it No 1 among all PHCs in Goa,\" he said. During the visit, Govenkar impressed upon the minister the need to upgrade facilities because of the large number of patients and the types of cases. According to him, the Candolim PHC handles nearly 40,000 patients a year, which is next only to the numbers handled by district hospitals.Govenkar said the Candolim PHC needs an X-ray machine, a small ultra-sound check machine and a mini operation theatre. \"Many times, we receive cases of accidents and drowning because of the large number of tourists visiting the area. Because we don't have an X-ray machine, we have to send the patients to the GMC or Asilo if they have fractures,\" he said, adding that besides the machines, the government will also have to make provisions for manpower to handle these machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14725618", "title": "Affidavit against navy man\u2019s claim", "text": "The Adarsh society has filed an affidavit before the judicial commission, calling as false Commander John Mathew's accusation that military officers, including him, were paraded in uniform before ex-CMs Sushilkumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh to create an impression that the society was formed for defence personnel's welfare.The affidavit claims that Mathew was denied a 3-BHK because he defaulted twice in making payments as per the society's schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14727127", "title": "Leeches sucked out of syllabus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The concrete jungle has sucked the life out of the leech. Leeches, the blood-sucking worms which were an integral part of the under-graduate zoology syllabus at Gujarat University affiliated science colleges has not been given out for dissection to second year students.This is because heavy construction activity has left few fresh water ponds where the leech can be found in large enough numbers to be supplied to colleges. College authorities say that the supply of leeches has become highly unreliable forcing them to cut the dissection out of the syllabus.\"Leech dissection has been removed from the second year zoology syllabus as there is hardly any supply of leeches. Official suppliers tell us that fresh water ponds which were earlier found aplenty around Ahmedabad and Vadodara district have now gone missing due to heavy construction activity. There is some stock of leeches available during the monsoon for the past two-three years, but they are not available on a regular basis,\" said Dr Pratima Joshi, senior professor of zoology at MG College of Science.Professor of zoology at Maninagar College of Science A R Mehsariya also said that leech has been taken off the syllabus due to availability issues. \"We use computer models and virtual simulation to give students an idea of the body parts of the leech but dissection is no more possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725664", "title": "Top stars expected for Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come September, around 30,000 participants will line up for the eighth edition of Airtel Delhi Half Marathon. The 21km half marathon, which will be flagged off from the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on September 30, carries a prize money of $210,000 (approx Rs 116,51,800).Dedicated to the spirit of friendship, the half marathon will include a 7 km Great Delhi run and 4.3 km senior citizens' and wheelchair events. Apart from that, the half marathon will also include veteran, senior veteran and super veteran categories for men and women.The annual sporting event, the world's richest half marathon, is expected to attract 40 of the world's top 100 male and female long distance athletes. The flat course of the ADHM is conducive to fast timings and there is every possibility of the existing records being broken again.This event is recognized by the world athletics body (IAAF) as a 'gold label' event and certified by the Association of International Marathons and Road Races. It will be held under the aegis of the Athletics Federation of India.Announcing the registrations open, the organizers said Rs 800 will be the entry fee for the half marathon, Rs 500 for the Great Delhi Run and Rs 200 for the Senior Citizens' Run and the Wheelchair event. The registrations close on August 31 or as soon as running places for each race category is filled, whichever is earlier.The male and female winners of the Marathon will be richer by $25,000 (approx Rs 13,87,115) each, with prize money percolating down to the first 10 places. The male and female Indian winners will get Rs 2.5 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725239", "title": "Filing FIR against Bhujbal? HC to cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday asked the Mumbai police whether it had decided to register an FIR against minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family which has been sought by the founder trustee of the Mumbai Educational Trust in his complaint of alleged funds misappropriation of over Rs 100 crore and misuse of trust property at its Bandra institution. Advocate general Darius Khambata, appearing for the police, said he would file an additional affidavit in a week.Khambata submitted an affidavit stating that since the issue mentioned in the complaint was made by Sunil Karve\u2014who along with Bhujbal was MET's founder trustee\u2014pertained to a charitable trust, the police had transferred the complaint to the charity commissioner. The matter has been posted to Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726643", "title": "Local sportspersons benefit from visual coaching", "text": "BHOPAL: The sports and youth welfare department has adopted hi-tech visual coaching for sportspersons in a bid to minimize injury risk, enhance technique and injury management for sportspersons who are under stress due to increase sporting activities.The director sports, Shailendra Shrivastava said the objective behind introducing the hi-tech system is aimed to prepare athletes for tough competitions. \"The visual coaching is the latest technique which helps athletes and prepares them both mentally and physically,\" Shrivastava said. \"We have a full-fledged sports medicine centre developed with the purpose of taking care the fitness standards of the players,\" he added.About the visual coaching, Bhopal district sports officer, Vikas Kharadkar said: \"We have all heard the phrase- a picture is worth a thousand words. Visual frames influence our perceptions and understandings. This is the concept of visual coaching. We use videos and pictures to improve the coaching and training skills,\" Kharadkar said.Describing the visual coaching techniques he said: \"Under visual coaching we can quickly access thousands of exercises, stretches and rehabilitation video and still clips to create visually descriptive training. With this powerful athlete monitoring module, conditioning section and periodic planning, this has become the most advanced training facility,\" sports academy in-charge Kharadkar claimed.He added that with the help of videos and clips, coaches can focus on the specific injuries also of the players for rehabilitatation. \"We have thousands of video clips for every injury a player face. With such videos, coaches can help heal the injury of athletes,\" he added.About the benefits of visual coaching, Kharadkar said it helps enhance the performance of players. \"The visual coaching helps us improve the part of the athlete's body which needs more attention,\" he said. \"We prepare plan according to the need. It's a gradual and continuous process at the time of coaching and training of the athletes,\" Kharadkar added.Even coaches and athletes have shown keen interest in the new technology. \"I have attended visual coaching classes. After attending the classes, I realized that I need to work more on running rather than spending energy on other exercise,\" a budding athlete Ankit said. Regular classes for both players and coaches are being organised at the Tatya Tope Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14726595", "title": "Noida, Greater Noida to bear roadways\u2019 losses of Rs 3.6Cr", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) has written to the Noida and Greater Noida authorities asking them to write off its losses to the tune of Rs. 3.6 crore. The roadways has been incurring constant losses due to \"inadequate ridership\" in the two cities.UP roadways assistant regional manager, Sandeep Raizada, said the transport authority has incurred this loss over three years between 2006 and 2009. In 2006, the Noida Authority tied up with UPSRTC, offering to write off its losses, if any, and asked it to provide buses to connect all major pockets within Noida and Greater Noida.\"The bus service in the two cities began in November 2006 and the transport corporation incurred losses of 4.74 crore between 2006 and 2009. The details of the losses were sent to Noida and the Greater Noida authorities but they had some objections. However, now the UPSRTC board has looked into those objections and waived off some amount under a few heads and sent the revised figure of Rs. 3.6 crore to the two authorities,\" Raizada said.Sources in the two authorities said that \"considering the current state of UPSRTC and losses incurred by it, the two authorities will write off its losses by bearing an amount of about Rs 2 crore each.\"Meanwhile, officials said that details of the MoU of the proposed Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) comprising the two authorities and UPSRTC is under consideration and is likely to be approved soon. The SPV will have officials from Noida, Greater Noida and UPSRTC as representatives. Once in place, authorities will work on \"connecting all residential pockets within the twin cities and the most frequented spots\" through a new fleet of buses. A fleet of an additional 1,000 buses will be brought in and the number of buses will then gradually be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14730597", "title": "Bihar tourism department to organise Sonepur cattle fair to attract tourists", "text": "PATNA: To attract more and more tourists mostly from abroad, the world famous cattle fair at Sonepur in Saran district of Bihar would now be organised by the state tourism department. Till last year, it was organised by the district level fair committee.To give it an international flavour, there would be a separate enclosures for animal market, a separate enclosure for local entertainment and classical dances. Bihar's tourism minister Sunil K Pintu said that the government is in search of a consultant of a repute for designing the month-long fair in a more attractive manner.From now onwards, there would be no vulgar dances at theatres in the mela. Instead, the government has decided to invite regional folk artists from states like UP, Madhya Pradesh , Odisha and West Bengal to perform at the mela. \"We are also looking for an event manager to organise a variety of programme in the sprawling mela ground', said an official.The sprawling mela ground here with the pulsating market has the widest possible range of cattle and commodities. The array of shops sells all sorts of merchandise.The fair is visited by lakhs of people, and the congregation is the largest on the Kartik Purnima day (October-November) when the festival opens. A bath in the Ganga and 'puja' at the nearby Hariharnath Mandir on the day is considered auspicious.The extensive mango groves that grow in these neighbouring villages provide the setting for the \"\"canvas town\"\" erected annually for the mela. The local officials live at the tents which are sent beforehand, with furniture, servants, and all the requirements they need for nearly a month.Every type of big or small birds, animals are available for sale during the mela. Bullocks, cows, goats, sheep and other domesticated animals make this area the focal point for buyers from across Bihar.Another major attraction is swiss cottage which mainly attracts foreigners. Swiss cottages would now be set up by the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) at the Sonepur fair in a more facilities to offer.Having been set near the fair ground, the Swiss cottage, numbering about 30, is a tourist delight with specially erected thatched rooms having all the facilities and comforts of any good hotel, including uninterrupted power supply and well equipped bathrooms fitted with geysers.The walls of these huts are being decorated with Madhubani paintings. Traditional water pitchers designed with painting would be placed at the entry gate of each cottage.To provide additional facilities, the BSTDC would be providing free yoga classes and elephant ride for those booking cottages. Internet kiosks would also be provided to the tourists and food of choice is available in the restaurant.Some of the well-known faces from India and abroad , including photographer Raghu Rai, documentary maker Suresh Kohli and noted Bhopuri singer and actor Manoj Tiwari too, have stayed in the cottage on previous occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726912", "title": "Office space absorption falls in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A looming slowdown in the IT sector and the economic uncertainty have sent absorption levels of commercial real estate space in the city into a tailspin.Chennai saw lease transactions for nearly 1.8 million square feet in the January-June period as against the 2 million square feet it had absorbed in the same period last year. This is a fall of around 12%, while nationally, the decline was 21%.Office space absorption across key metro cities in the country in the first half of 2012 fell to 13.4 million square feet against 16.9 million square feet in the same period a year ago, a report from real estate consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield said.Bangalore witnessed the highest absorption of office space in the first six months, of 3.01 million square feet. The city registered a 46% decline in absorption over the same period last year. The National Capital Region saw the highest decline in office space absorption of 53%, but Mumbai and Hyderabad bucked the trend, registering 19% and 5% increase, respectively.\"Businesses are on a wait-and-watch mode. They are waiting for some positive triggers to conclude transactions,\" S Ramaswamy, senior consultant at real estate consultancy RECS Group said.Prominent developer of commercial and residential space, Arihant Foundation's CMD Kamal Lunawath said enquiries for space was strong, but there exists some difficulty in conversions.The slowdown in offtake had its impact on rentals in suburban areas. \"Peripheral areas like Sholinganallur, Ambattur and beyond GST witnessed a slight drop in rentals,\" N Hariharan, office director, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, said. \"But, there are a lot of enquiries for transactions. We hope the second half will be good and we may end the year with absorpotion levels same as 2011.\"Rentals in the Central Business District (CBD), (areas in 5 km radius around Gemini Flyover) have shot up 10%. \"There is very strong demand for office space in CBD and off CBD areas. In some areas like Greams Road, there is a 10% increase in rentals,\" Hariharan said.Fidelity inks deal for 1L sq ft office spaceRajesh ChandramouliCHENNAI: American financial services powerhouse Fidelity Investments has expanded its footpirnt in Chennai. The company has signed a lease deal for one lakh square feet of office space at Arihant Viceroy on Sardar Patel Road, adjoining Raj Bhavan.\"We have signed a deal with FIS Global (part of the Fidelity Group) for one lakh square feet,\" Kamal Lunawath, CMD of Arihant Foundations, said. He refused to divulge details of the transaction.The transaction was put through in the past few days at around Rs 65 per square foot per month. \"Market conditions are tepid. There aren't too many transactions. The location for which the deal was signed is ideal for office as it has great connectivity to airport and IT hub, and it's also in the vicinity to the upcoming metro line,\" an industry source said.Ajit Chordia, MD, Khivraj Estates, said, \"In the present market situation, Rs 65 per sq ft is a good price. The tenant has paid a premium of at least Rs 10 per sq ft for the building, perhaps taking into consideration its upkeep.\" The property was leased out to Verizon till recently.Fidelity is present in Chennai through FMR India at DLF Infocity in Pamapuram. The centre provides a range of operations, including IT development &amp; support, BPO and analytics, to Fidelity's US customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727696", "title": "Reserved seats of Cochin University announced", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin University of Science and Technology has released the list of reserved seats that are lying vacant in various courses offered by the university.As per university officials, one reserved seat for SC/ST candidate is lying vacant in the MA Hindi course offered by department of Hindi, Cusat. Those who have passed BA or BSc degree with Hindi as a subject and scored minimum 45% marks can apply.One seat is reserved for SC candidates in the MTech (ocean technology) course offered by the department of Physical Oceanography at Cusat which is lying vacant. A seat reserved for SC/ST student is vacant in MTech (Atmospheric Science) conducted by the Department of Atmospheric Sciences. Students who have post-graduation in meteorology, oceanography, mathematics, physics and space physics with at least 55% marks can apply.While two seats reserved for SC/ST candidates in MSc (Statistics) conducted by the department of Statistics are vacant, one seat each reserved for ST candidates in the MTech Electronics and MSc Electronic science courses offered by Department of Electronics are vacant.Candidates interested in admission should report to the respective departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726153", "title": "HUDA wants MNCs, malls to maintain MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is wooing corporate firms and mall owners for maintenance and beautification of MG Road. \"As per the proposal, malls or MNCs can get involved in maintaining trees, central verge or in keeping the road in front of their building clean,\" said Praveen Yadav, HUDA administrator.According to the plan, a limited stretch on either side of the MCG Road would be allocated by the HUDA for private development.Asked about the revenue model to engage private companies, the administrator said, \"The companies will be allowed to put up advertisements with their logo and name. This would help them publicize their contribution in making their city beautiful.\"HUDA is working out the details of the signage, which will be uniform across the city. \"The private companies will have to follow the dimensions of the signage decided by HUDA,\" said Kumar. The date of accepting the proposal will be decided soon and HUDA is expecting a great response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729897", "title": "Vanessa Paradis resented Depp\u2019s success", "text": "Vanessa Paradis grew to resent Johnny Depp's success, as her own singing career floundered, it has been revealed.Depp and Paradis recently parted ways after staying together for 14 years. \"Vanessa started to feel like she'd sacrificed her career for his,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling Us magazine.\"Nothing Johnny did was ever good enough for Vanessa. When he was working, she wasn't happy. \"And when he wasn't working, he was called a slob for not doing enough for the kids and her family,\" the source said.The insider also claimed that Paradis, \"started to drink heavily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14729474", "title": "Government appoints directors of AIIMS-like institutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Friday appointed directors to four of the six new AIIMS-like institutes it plans to start in as many states from September this year.The names were cleared by the Cabinet Committee on Appointments (ACC), thus paving the way for early start of the institutes at Raipur, Bhubaneshwar, Rishikesh and Jodhpur, besides those in Patna and Bhopal which already have directors.While A K Mahapatra, a neurosurgeon at AIIMS in Delhi has been appointed the new director of AIIMS at Bhubaneshwar, Sanjeev Mishra of King George Medical College in Lucknow is the new director of AIIMS, Jodhpur.Raj Kumar, a professor of Sanjay Gandhi Government Medical College, Lucknow, is the new director at AIIMS in Rishikesh, while Nitin Nagarkar, a professor at government Medical College at Chandigarh is the new director of AIIMS at Raipur.The new appointees have been asked to join within this month, due to the urgency to start these institutes soon. The AIIMS at Patna already has G K Singh as its director and Bhopal AIIMS has Sandeep Kumar.The government had earlier appointed directors for the four institutes from among the senior faculty in AIIMS in Delhi, but they did not join, forcing the government to start the process of the reappointment.Government plans to start admissions in these six AIIMS- like Institutes from September this year. The health ministry is also putting in place the necessary infrastructure and has also asked states to provide a core group of persons to facilitate the entire process of starting these institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726171", "title": "Fake tantrik, two aides held at railway road", "text": "GURGAON: A fake tantrik and his two associates were arrested by crime branch-1 of the city police for duping around 30 people in the name of black magic. The three were produced at a city court on Friday and sent to 14 days' judicial custody.The accused, Baba Raj Bengali, whose real name is Shan Mohmmad, is a resident of Meerut in Uttar Pradesh. The other two were identified as Shaukat Ali, resident of Sanjay colony in Ghaziabad and Mohmmad Farukh, resident of New Islampur in Delhi. The three have duped people in the past too, said a senior police officer.Vinod Kumar, a resident of Sheetla colony had lodged a complaint against Baba Raj Bengali with the police after the fake tantrik duped him of thousands of rupees, all in the name of black magic. Baba Raj Bengali used to appear in several local TV channels and claimed to have a solution for every type of problem, through black magic. His office, for the last four months, was located on railway road and people used to stand in queues from morning to meet him.\"They used to charge Rs 101 as a starting fee from the visitors and ended up duping the person of thousands of rupees, during the course of the fraud. During interrogation, the accused confessed to have duped around 30 people in last four months,\" said Inspector Rajbeer, in-charge of crime branch-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14726967", "title": "Govt to expand e-gram project", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government is all set to vertically expand its ambitious e-gram experiment under which it provided internet connectivity to 13,693 village panchayats in 2008. Finding the facilities created four years ago being \"over-utilized\" and unable to withstand increased traffic, the government has decided to add 9,000 computers in as many villages and provide them with additional internet facility. Also finding that its involvement with private players was \"not up to the mark,\" it decided to rope in Central public sector unit Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) for faster connectivity.In 2008, the state government signed a contract for five years with Airtel to provide satellite communication (sat-com)-based internet connectivity to all the state's panchayats. \"The sat-com facility, it was estimated, would have 1,300 hits at a time. But today, we get 10,500 hits, or 10 times higher. The whole system is over-stressed with frequent failures. Ideally, it should provide 256kbps of speed, but we find the speed going down to 12kbps, even lower. Efforts to provide daily online services to the villagers began getting adversely affected,\" the official said.While the Airtel facility will continue for a year (the contract lasts till September 2013), the government has asked BSNL to begin providing parallel wired online connectivity to 4,220 villages to start with. The villages chosen are those where BSNL connectivity exists. New computers will be installed, and broadband provided within a month. \"BSNL has promised a speed of 512kbps. If we get half of it, it would reduce the burden on the existing sat-com-based system,\" the official said.Today, the sat-com based e-gram centres are mainly providing Record of Rights (RoR) to farmers, detailing land ownership details. In a few villages, electricity bills are being paid online. \"Now, all bar-coded ration cards will have to be authenticated at e-gram centres. With a mere 12kbps speed, this would be impossible. Then, new services - like booking online rail and air tickets, application for passports, providing market details of agricultural produce or filling up online forms for recruiting teachers - could not be implemented. It forced the government to rethink,\" the official underlined.An agreement signed by senior general manager (development), BSNL, R C Arya wants BSNL to complete connectivity within a month of new computers being installed. The government will provide Rs 150 per month per connectivity, three times lower than the cost of Airtel. And, the offer is open for general public. Once 4,220 villages are completed, another 5,000 villages will be taken up.The decision to rope in BSNL was taken after Gujarat government's involvement with private players for online connectivity was not so successful. Contract with three service providers roped in for providing online services - CMS Computers, Reliance Communications and 3i Infotech - had to be suspended a year ago as they failed to install even basic infrastructure for business-to-community (B2C) services in 4,000 villages for which they were contracted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727661", "title": "Grim future awaits National Thermal Power Corporation power station", "text": "KOCHI: The 350 mw thermal power station of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) at Kayamkulam has not been working for nearly two and a half months for want of power off-take, and is facing grim prospects of revival in the near future because of the delays in the execution of plans to bring down the cost of power.The unit which has 170 employees on its roll and employs another 200 on contract, had hardly worked for 30 days with full capacity for the last six months from January, and was remaining practically closed since April 24.The naphtha-based unit which was set up at a cost of Rs 1200 crore in 1999 has in fact been working for less than 40 per cent days almost every year barring in 2009-10 when it worked for 73 per cent days, sources in the company told TOI here. High cost of power is main reason for the unit remaining idle for such long periods. Kayamkulam unit is the only NTPC power station working on naphtha and cost of power to be generated here at the current price levels of naphtha would be Rs 9.20 per unit whereas the cost is around Rs 3 per unit from other NTPC stations in the eastern region.While the state can avail cheap power produced by other NTPC units for every unit drawn from the Kayamkulam plant, in practise the state has been buying power from other NTPC stations without matching the same with purchases from Kayamkulam as stipulated originally.\"The state is eligible for matching supply of cheap power from other NTPC stations for every unit of power availed from the Kayamakulam station. So the overall cost of NTPC power for the state would be around Rs 6 per unit. But this fact is conveniently buried in debates and only the standalone cost of power from Kayamkulam is cited. Also, Kerala is now availing only the cheaper power from other NTPC stations, and not drawing any power from Kayamkulam,'' an NTPC source said.The NTPC officials had suggested a waiver of 14% excise duty and 5% VAT to bring down the cost of power by at least Rs 3.But the demand has not received a favourable response from the central and state governments so far.Another much-debated option to bring down the cost of power was to convert the fuel base of the station from naphtha to LNG. But no work has begun so far to lay the pipeline from the LNG terminal fast coming up at Puthuvype to Kayamkulam.The proposal to lay sub-sea pipeline has met with resistance from some organizations of fish workers alleging that it will affect fishing activities. The officials of NTPC and GAIL who will be laying the pipeline have refuted these fears. But the Kerala government is yet to launch any major initiative to dispel those apprehensions.Interestingly, the foundation stone was laid in 2005 for the second phase of the Kayamkulam project which would have augmented the capacity of the station to 1,050 mw. This expansion plan was to have completed within 24 years since then, but nothing significant has happened so far. The land for expansion is already available with the NTPC as the state had allocated 900 acres for the station way back in late 1990s itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726181", "title": "Suman Nagar junction gets pockmarks 3 weeks after opening", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters and experts have expressed concern over the unsettling of two manholes on a paver-blocked road within three weeks of opening of the railway bridge at the Suman Nagar junction on the eastern express highway (EEH).They said it had once again exhibited lack of quality in construction work, like last year, when TOI had exposed potholes on the newly-built Lalbaug and Burfiwala flyovers.In the second week of June, ahead of the monsoon, Mumbai's biggest traffic bottleneck was cleared, saving over 12 minutes of travel time for south and north-bound traffic. A road below the newly-widened rail bridge was opened to south-bound traffic from Navi Mumbai six months after a north-bound flyover was commissioned. Experts had lauded the engineering feat, which was to relieve traffic jams in the long run.The unsettling of the manholes has resulted in the newly-fitted paver-blocks around the manholes giving way in the rains, thus creating a big crater; the area has been barricaded for repairs.The sudden bumpy ride shocked Aaditya Solkar, a peak-hour traffic-goer, on Wednesday. \"Both manhole covers have lost their levels with the paver-blocked portion. One cannot make out the pothole from a distance.\" He added, \"I was suddenly caught in it and am suffering from a backache since then.\"Mayuresh Shetty, a Suman Nagar resident, said there are chances of a major accident if the manhole covers break.The manholes are for MTNL cable ducts and it needs time to redo them in the backdrop of the paver-blocking of the stretch. However, lack of coordination among agencies ahead of the monsoon again exhibited the fact that they can't put team work to ensure a smoother ride for Mumbaikars at least on newly-built projects.\"It has taken three weeks of traffic and a week of rain to unsettle manholes and create a pockmark on this new stretch of road. It's amazing when planners create a beautiful model on the drawing board and contractors and those monitoring work create do a shoddy job,\" said an expert working closely with the state government.MSRDC chief engineer Arun Deodhar clarified that work on the stretch is in progress. \"It was opened as traffic needed to move smoothly ahead of the monsoons. The leveling and touch-up work will take time and all agencies are working to complete it on a war-footing,\" he said.The project has Cost over Rs 20 crore to the state exchequer. While MMRDA funded it, the MSRDC engineers have actually built it. The contractor for the project was Manoja Sthapatya from Pune. Initially, this project had failed as the push-box-tunnel method couldn't succeed. However in 2009 the steel bridge construction was undertaken.Another senior MSRDC engineer said MTNL officials had promised to redo the manholes as soon as the rains take a break. \"Immediately after MTNL finishes the work, we will arrange paverblocks on them properly. IN fact we tried to do that but the traffic had got blocked and hence waiting for right opportunity and traffic permission,\" he said pointing out that for the first time city had fitted 100 mm thick paver blocks on this stretch due to meet the demand of heavy traffic.Contractor V B Naik of Manoj Sthapatya said MTNL said it would work on the manholes and only after that his company could relay the paver-blocks. He said the paver-blocks around had unsettled due to the delay. MTNL officials were not available for comment.Project Details* The Suman Nagar rail bridge expansion project started in 2006* Two cement concrete box tunnels were pushed under the railway line to create parallel access to traffic from Navi Mumbai* Earlier, traffic from Navi Mumbai (from Pune and Goa) and from Thane would come together under the old single rail bridge, creating a jam* Attempts to push the tunnels, without disturbing the railway line above, failed in 2008* Even after removing the rail line, the concrete tunnel boxes didn't get pushed* Finally, the project, on which nearly Rs 6.5 crore was spent, was abandoned and a decision was taken to go in for a steel bridge* The new project, costing around Rs 13 crore, was started in 2009, but it faced the hurdle of underground utilities* In June 2012, the project was completed, to open the stretch for south-bound traffic from Navi Mumbai* This bridge and a new flyover for Navi Mumbai-bound traffic segregated the Navi Mumbai, Pune and Goa traffic from Thane, making available additional six lanes besides the existing six* While MMRDA has funded the project, MSRDC executed it with the help of a contractor from Pune, Manoj Sthapatya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725629", "title": "Youth dies in road accident on way to college", "text": "HYDERABAD: An engineering graduate who was on his way to college to collect certificates died when a car hit his two-wheeler at Inamguda crossroads near Hayathnagar on Friday.The Hayathnagar police said N Sitaramaiah, 22, was going with his friend K Naik, who had also completed engineering recently, to collect certificates from Nova Engineering College, Inamguda. \"Sitaramaiah was riding the bike. While taking a right turn from the crossroads a car hit his vehicle from behind,\" Hayathnagar sub-inspector K Murali Mohan told TOI.Sitaramaiah was thrown off the bike and suffered serious head injuries. He died on the spot, police said. Naik also suffered grievous injuries and was admitted in hospital.Police said that Sitaramaiah was a native of Prakasam district and his father Kondalu, an auto driver. Both Sitaramaiah and Naik have been staying in a bachelor accommodation at P&T; Colony to pursue their education in the city.The car driver fled from the place abandoning his vehicle at the accident spot. A case were registered against the car driver under Section 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725888", "title": "Small town, high prices", "text": "NAGPUR: Real estate prices in Nagpur are too high for city its size and an obstruction to its growth. Homes here are dearer than similar ones in bigger towns and even though they have fewer frills attached.Strangely, commercial rentals seem to be on a decline. In three years, rentals across the board have fallen by about 15%. This indicates economic activity is actually flat and all the hype over Nagpur's growth may have created a realty balloon. A quick survey by TOI covering brokers, newspaper advertisements and Internet portals showed Nagpur to be over priced. There were instances of high-end residential properties in Nagpur fetching rates equivalent to mid and low-priced realty in international cities.For example, an advertisement in New York Times offers an over 15-year-old 630 sq ft two BHK house in East Harlem, NYC, at $200,000 which comes to around Rs1.1 crore, a common mark for premium flats in city. Recently, flats of 1,900 sq ft built-up area were sold for Rs1.7 crore or Rs9,000 a sq ft in Civil Lines.In Discovery Gardens, an affordable housing area of Dubai, people can buy 1,200 sq ft apartments at 450 to 650 dirhams a sq ft, said a real estate analyst in UAE . This translates to Rs80 lakh to Rs1 crore in Indian currency. International city has the cheapest apartments in Dubai where a studio flat is available between 150,000 to 170,000 dirhams, which is Rs22.5 to Rs25 lakh.A comparison with other cities in the country also shows the same picture. A buyer also has better choice in other cities. The average rates of homes in these cities ranged from Rs3,700 to 4,000 a sq ft while in Nagpur it was around Rs4,500 to Rs6,000. In Nagpur, rates in even down market areas such as north and south range around Rs3,000 a sq ft.In Bangalore, prices range from Rs2,500 to Rs10,000 a sq ft. There are several flats of 1,000 sq ft and at Rs3,500 to 4,000 a sq ft. In Ahmedabad a 2,000 sq ft flat in Satellite Road, a premium area, is available for Rs90 lakh, says a leading realty portal. In Nagpur, on the other hand, a 1600 sq ft flat at Ajni Square is being quoted at Rs1 crore. Similar properties in Laxmi Nagar are in the range of Rs80 lakh in the same portal.The steep rates are not linked to housing requirements as even domestic rentals, despite recent hike, remain low. Homes in middle class localities are now out of the same class' reach and they are being forced to the outskirts where civic amenities are dismal. Most demands for the high-end flats is for investment purpose and many flats remain vacant or are rented out at low rates, say sources. Bankers and realtors do not rule out possibility of unaccounted money being pumped in realty.\"The mid-level flats are much bigger and cheaper in many cities than in Nagpur, even though Nagpur is nowhere near cities like Bangalore or Hyderabad in terms of development and economic opportunities,\" says Ashfaque Ahmed, a chartered valuer for properties. Sunny Sahani, chief operating officer of Universal Infratech having a project near Mihan, says there is no logical reason for such high rates. A realtor added that property owners in city had a higher holding capacity. According to chairman of Nagpur branch of Confederation of Real Estate and Developers Association of India Sunil Duddalwar high rates were because shortage of land within city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725760", "title": "Murder of 3 Rivers:Once, Pili river too was fed by 4 natural streams", "text": "NAGPUR: Just like the Nag river, the city's Pili river too has been turned into a nullah by the lackadaisical authorities. Four natural water streams, including Bor stream, used to feed the Pili river not so long ago. But today, all of the streams and the Pili river itself have been turned into nullahs. In fact, the Pili river is still flowing to some extent, but it is not allowed to continue on its course beyond the Gorewada reservoir on the outskirts of the city.The Nag river's actual origin was from hillocks situated near Dhaba on Amravati road. The origin point has been lost over the years. But the case is different with Pili river.A visit to Gorewada lake exposes a shocking situation. The Pili river enters the Gorewada lake from the southern side (Katol Road side). Till this point the Pili river is quite big with good flow of water. But the river does not exit the lake once it flows into it.During the British times, three gates were constructed on the lake towards the eastern side (Gorewada treatment plant side), which was the exit point. The NMC turned the lake into its major source of drinking water many years ago. With steep increase in demand for water in the city, NMC has permanently locked the gates that would have allowed the Pili river to continue on its course.Today, the Pili river does not exit from the lake. The river still exists beyond the gates, but without its heart, the steady flow of water. The river is still beautiful at the place it exited Gorewada lake, with rocks on the river bed. But, as the river head towards the city, it starts carrying sewage generated from localities along its banks.Another setback for the river was the four natural water streams feeding it also being turned into nullahs to dispose of sewage generated from the city. The biggest nullah, called Bor in the nearby localities, was one of the main sources of Pili river. This stream start from the hillock where Vayu Sena Nagar stands today and probably had fresh water throughout the year as it arose from the hillock.Today, the stream carries only sewage water. The nullah passes through KT Nagar and jhudpi jungle situated beside the Army's shooting range after passing below Katol Road. Then the nullah passes through Gittikhadan, Borgaon, Ring Road and merges into Pili river beyond Ayappa Nagar. The size of the Pili riverbed visibly increases after the confluence, proving the importance of Bor stream in the Pili's life.The other three streams joining the Pili river before it joined the Nag river after Bharatwada too have turned into nullahs over the years. Pili river is now only a mention in the records as a tributary of Nag river. It only lives in the state's list of notified rivers lying with the water resources department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14731076", "title": "13th batch of pilgrims leave for Amarnath shrine from Jammu", "text": "JAMMU: Amid tight security, a fresh batch of 3,582 pilgrims today left from here to the Amarnath cave shrine situated in South Kashmir Himalayas.The pilgrims, including 195 sadhus, left in a cavalcade of 114 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp at around 0500 hours for the 3,888-metre-high holy cave, officials said.With today's batch, as many as 43,762 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the Amarnath cave shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14724889", "title": "Parvez now claims Laila, her kin alive", "text": "MUMBAI: Giving a new twist to the mysterious disappearance and \"death\" of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and her family, main suspect Parvez Iqbal Tak on Friday told Jammu and Kashmir police that all of them were alive. Tak on Thursday had said they had all been shot dead and their bodies buried in a forest around 120 km from Mumbai.Laila, her mother Saleena Patel, sister Azmina Patel, twin siblings Zara and Imran and a relative Reshma Khan went missing from their Oshiwara flat in February 2011.\"He has been constantly changing his statements to Jammu police, so we cannot rely on him. Until we interrogate him, it will be difficult to even assume the family has been killed,\" Himanshu Roy, JCP (crime), said.Tak was arrested by J&K; police on June 21 this year from Kishtwar and is currently in their custody. The Mumbai crime branch team reached Jammu on Friday to take Tak into custody. \"Jammu police are cooperating with us and tomorrow (Saturday), we will be moving the local court seeking his custody,\" said Niket Kaushik, additional commissioner of police.The crime branch has detained Tak's partner and Laila's mother Saleena's second husband Asif Shaik. Shaik is believed to have told police that he divorced Saleena five years ago and was unaware of the family's whereabouts.But Himanshu Roy feigned ignorance about Shaik and said he was not in their custody. \"I don't know where Shaik is,\" he said.Tak, who is facing two cases of cheating in J&K;, had confessed to police on Thursday that Laila and her family were shot dead by hired killers. But before his confession, Tak, who allegedly is Saleena's third husband, had been maintaining that the family was safe in Dubai.Laila's father Nadir Patel, who filed the first missing person's complaint with Oshiwara police, told police that Laila was his second born child with Saleena, whom he married on April 7, 1979, in Mumbai. During her marriage, Saleena went by the name Atiya Khan, he told police. Patel currently stays with his second wife Shaista and two daughters at Mira Road.\"Six months ago, I heard a car registered in Atiya's name was found parked in Jammu. I tried searching for Atiya and my daughters but in vain. So, I approached the police and lodged a complaint. I came to know that Atiya and my daughters were last seen with Tak on February 8, 2011. I suspect that Tak had abducted my daughters for property,\" he told the crime branch.Mobile phone records of Laila, whose original name is Reshma Patel, showed her last location as Nashik. Laila has a bungalow at Igatpuri in Nashik district.Life &amp; Times of Laila KhanThe 24-year-old Bollywood starlet was born to Saleena and Nadir Patel at Choksi Hospital in Malad. Laila, whose original name is Reshma Patel, studied at a Golibar school in Santa Cruz. The Patels, originally from Gujarat, used to live in Santa Cruz and later moved to Malad. Nadir Patel married Atiya Khan, now known as Saleena Patel, on April 7, 1979 in Mumbai and their marriage was registered at Agha Khan Marriage Council. Laila was the second born child of the Patels. She has worked in several Pakistani and a couple of Hindi films. She was last seen in movie Wafa with Rajesh Khanna that was released in 2008. She had allegedly married Bangladesh-based terrorist Munir Khan. Laila along with her family members went mysteriously missing from their Oshiwara flat in February 2011Who is Parvez Tak?Parvez Iqbal Tak is the main accused in the mysterious disappearance and alleged murder of Laila Khan. He is a member of NCP and fought assembly election on NCP ticket from Inderwal in Kishtwar. Parvez has a police record of cheating and fraud. Records show that he duped an 85-year-old retired naval officer and his wife of Rs 3 lakh during his stay as a paying guest with them at Hoshiarpur in Punjab.Tak also duped a local in Kishtwar of Rs 3 lakh on the promise of helping him getting job in some central government department using NCP's influence. Punjab and Kishtwar police have registered two fraud cases against Parvez. He moved to Mumbai and entered the house of Saleena as a Kashmiri cook at her flat in Oshiwara. Saleena fell for the 36-year-old Tak and married him. On June 21, J &amp; K police arrested Tak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724722", "title": "SC scraps assets case against Mayawati", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday quashed the CBI's nine-year-old disproportionate assets case against BSP chief and former UP chief minister Mayawati in a judgment that is seen as having undercut the Centre's leverage with the dalit leader while enhancing her manoeuvring space.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Dipak Misra slammed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for exceeding its brief by lodging the second FIR against Mayawati by using the apex court's 2003 order against her in a different case, that of irregular release of Rs 17 crore for the Taj Heritage Corridor project.\"The method adopted by the CBI is unwarranted and without jurisdiction,\" the bench said while clarifying that the apex court had never directed a probe into Mayawati's assets, putting the spotlight on the Centre's alleged use of the investigating agency for partisan purposes. Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Sathasivam said, \"The Supreme Court did not issue any direction to the CBI to conduct a roving inquiry against the assets of the petitioner (Mayawati) commencing from 1995 to 2003.\"The bench said the money for the Taj Heritage Corridor project was released in August-September 2002 and there was no occasion for the court to direct probe into Mayawati's assets from 1995 onwards.The outcome of the case opens up political space for Mayawati, leaving her free to chart her moves without having to worry about the threat of prosecution hanging over her head. More so because the CBI did not get sanction to prosecute her in the Taj Heritage Corridor project.However, her enhanced political autonomy may not necessarily lead Mayawati to up the ante against the Centre because of her need to avoid facing the electorate until the goodwill for UP chief minister Akhilesh Singh has soured.The order left the CBI stunned, with sources in the agency stressing that the apex court's order was inconsistent with its earlier directives to probe Mayawati for allegedly amassing huge unaccounted wealth.Mayawati had moved the court in 2008 seeking quashing of the 2003 FIR alleging that the CBI had exceeded its jurisdiction in lodging the FIR, which was being used by the Centre to harass her politically because of her differences with the Congress-led UPA government on crucial issues.The CBI had taken a stand that it had unearthed substantive evidence to nail Mayawati in the DA case and that the apex court had directed it to investigate her assets separately from the Taj Heritage Corridor scam.The CBI had also said, \"The FIR No. RC 19 dated October 5, 2003 under section 13(2) read with 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act reveal the details of huge amount of disproportionate assets possessed by Mayawati and her family members beyond their known sources of income.\"In the CBI's FIR against Mayawati, an assistant registrar of the Supreme Court was described as the complainant as was done by the agency in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam FIR.The apex court, while entertaining Mayawati's petition seeking quashing of the FIR, had restrained the CBI from filing a chargesheet in the case but had off and on granted time to the agency to file a probe status report.But on Friday, the court rejected the agency's stand that it was directed by the apex court to lodge the FIR against Mayawati. The bench said a bare reading of all orders in 2003 \"clearly shows that the direction to lodge FIR was issued only with respect to Taj Heritage Corridor matter, more particularly, the irregularities therein\".The court said the CBI had investigated the Taj Heritage Corridor scam and forwarded the report in 2007 to UP governor T V Rajeswar for obtaining sanction for Mayawati's prosecution as she was then chief minister. The governor had on June 3, 2007 declined to accord sanction for her prosecution.While dealing with the Taj Heritage Corridor scam, the apex court on September 18, 2003, had issued a series of directions including one which ordered the CBI to \"take appropriate steps for holding investigation against the chief minister Mayawati and Naseemuddin Siddiqui, former minister for environment, UP and other officers involved\".But the bench of Justices Sathasivam and Misra concluded that the direction was only with regard to investigations into the THC scam and had no reference to the personal wealth of Mayawati.\"We are also satisfied that there could not have been any material before the Supreme Court about the disproportionate assets case of the petitioner beyond the Taj Heritage Corridor project case and there was no such question or issue about disproportionate assets of the petitioner. In view of the same, giving any direction to lodge FIR relating to disproportionate assets case did not arise,\" it said.\"We are satisfied that the CBI exceeded its jurisdiction in lodging the FIR dated October 5, 2003 in the absence of any direction from this court in the September 18, 2003 order or in any subsequent orders,\" the court said closing the chapter of the CBI probe against Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14727597", "title": "Robotic legs mimic human gait", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have invented the world's most advanced pair of robotic legs that accurately mimic human walking , a feat they say has brought the goal of developing human friendly household robots a step closer. Created by a team from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Arizona, the legs are the first to mimic walking in a biologically accurate and energy efficient manner.The biological accuracy of this robot, which has been detailed in the Journal of Neural Engineering, has allowed the researchers to investigate the processes underlying walking in humans and may bolster theories of how babies learn to walk. It could also help understand how patients with spinal cord injury can recover the ability to walk.According to the researchers, a key component of human walking is the central pattern generator (CPG), which is a neural network in the lumbar region of the spinal cord that generates rhythmic muscle signals.The CPG produces, and then controls, these signals by gathering information from different parts of the body that are responding to the environment. This is what allows people to walk without needing to think about it.The robot contains an artificial half-centre as well as sensors that deliver information back to the half-centre .\"Interestingly, we were able to produce a walking gait, without balance, which mimicked human walking with only a simple half centre controlling the hips and a set of reflex responses controlling the lower limb.\" Theresa Klein, who worked on the legs with Anthony Lewis , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726077", "title": "Kamat defends Lolyekar on mining", "text": "PANAJI: Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who held the mining portfolio for over a decade, said that he does not think that suspended director of mines Arvind Lolyekar was involved in irregularities.Speaking to mediapersons, Kamat said, \"I don't think so,\" when asked whether Lolyekar was involved in irregularities.He also said that the government should give him (Lolyekar) a chargesheet. \"You will come to know what it is. Why should I comment?\" Kamat said. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar suspended Lolyekar \"for irregularities\" in the mining department and a departmental inquiry was initiated against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14725943", "title": "Govt asks police to act fast, nab culprits", "text": "JALANDHAR: The state government on Friday issued directions to the chief secretary and the police department to take swift action against those who attacked and beat up a Burundi student two months back. The government move comes a day after the student's father Nestor Ntibateganya asked Punjab chief minister to intervene and bring all the guilty to book.Yannick Nihangaza, 23, a student of private university in Jalandhar, was assaulted on April 21, in Defence Colony in Jalandhar. He is lying in coma for over two months in a Patiala hospital.The government on Friday announced cash assistance of Rs 5 lakh to Nestor and requested the hospital to waive off the pending dues of the patient.Ambassador of Burundi Rubuka Aloys met Secretary West Sanjay Singh in New Delhi and discussed Yannick's case. The meeting came after the envoy wrote to ministry of external affairs seeking legal help for the student's family to get justice. Singh assured the envoy all possible help by MEA in the case, sources said.Even though Jalandhar police have arrested two of the assaulters, the third one is still on the run. It has come to light that the attackers belonged to influential families and included the son of a Punjab police superintendent.Police officials said that on the night of April 21, the accused had an altercation with two African students, namely Mbuyamba Gire and \"Mr Junior\", at a liquor vend near the colony.The African students were followed up to a birthday party venue by the youths.While the two African students disappeared in the crowd, the youths spotted Yannick and started beating him up and left him unconscious on the road.After beating Yannick, the attackers threw him on the roadside in Jalandhar.Police officials said on Friday that Romi Uppal, son of Punjab SP Dharam Singh Uppal was among the attackers.However, even after two months of the attack, cops have failed to identify all the youths and Romi is still at large along with another accused Amandeep Singh.Police have arrested Sahildeep Singh and another accused Sumit Ralhan alias Bunny. The unidentified accused include son of MD of a Sugar Mill and a kin of a retired Brigadier. \"All the accused are from well off families,\" said a police source.Enquiries from various quarters within the police and official circles revealed that families of the accused were pressurizing the police to go soft on the case.Though police presented the challan in the court on June 23, sources revealed that proceedings were not initiated to declare the accused, who are on the run, as proclaimed offenders.The government orders have come following letters written to Punjab chief minister by Yannick's father Nestor and after the matter came to light on Thursday.Nestor told TOI, \"My son was attacked two months back and is still in coma but police did not do anything all this while. They arrested two men but my son was beaten up by a mob. Police are not doing anything maybe because we are foreigners.\"\"I requested the Punjab CM to intervene since he is also a father and would understand my pain. I also want to take my son back home to Burundi,\" added Nestor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "14726056", "title": "Bihar native caught while stealing truck", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Bicholim police arrested a man from Bihar who was attempting to steal a vehicle parked at Karapur in Bicholim.According to the police, Rosario Dias from Sanguem had parked his truck at Karapur and was having tea at a hotel. Seizing the opportunity, Sunil Kumar Singh from Bihar tried to steal the vehicle. Noticing this, Dias raised an alarm and some people managed to nab Singh after chasing him for around 5km.He was later handed over to the police. On Friday, Singh was remanded to three days of police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14727425", "title": "7 consume poison in 8 hours; two die", "text": "RAJKOT: There had been seven cases of people consuming poison reported in the last 24 hours till Friday morning in Rajkot Civil Hospital.According to police, the victims consumed poison either for committing suicide or accidentally. In the first case, a 45-year-old woman identified as Daya Hapalia, a resident of Rajaram Society-1 on Sant Kabir Road, consumed poison as she was tired of her cancer disease. Daya is battling for her life at the hospital.Similarly, tired of prolonged illness of depression, Nimu Makwana (60), a resident of Shivpara near Hanuman Madhi on Raiyya Road, attempted suicide by consuming poison. In the third similar case, an undertrial prisoner lodged in Junagadh jail in prohibition case attempted suicide. The prisoner, identified as Prakash Parmar (35), consumed poison as he was tired of epilepsy disease.The fourth case was reported from Dhoraji, where Anil Makwana (20) tried to end his life by consuming poison. Makwana told the cops that he was frustrated by the fact that his colleagues were given salary hike, while he was left out.In the fifth case, Bhavesh Makwana (25), a resident of Rohidaspara, consumed acid following an altercation with his brother, who scolded him for being unemployed and sitting idle. In the sixth case, Mamla Chavadia (22), a youth from Hajamchora village in Dhrol, consumed poison for unknown reason at his relative's house at Green Land Chokadi in Rajkot. Chavadia has confessed to having attempted suicide before the cops, who are yet to find out the reason for the crime. The seventh case was that of accidental consumption of poison in which victim Haresh Dabhi (15) consumed water laced with pesticide out of ignorance in Paddhari village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725107", "title": "Verdict blow to CBI, breather for Maya", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's Friday order quashing the disproportionate assets case against Mayawati came as a blow to the Central Bureau of Investigation \u2014 which has pursued the matter for nine years \u2014 while freeing the BSP chief of the spectre of prosecution that has dogged her since.\"The Supreme Court did not issue any direction to the CBI to conduct a roving inquiry against the assets of the petitioner (Mayawati) commencing from 1995 to 2003,\" Justice P Sathasivam said, writing the judgment for the bench comprising Dipak Misra as well. The bench said the money for the Taj Heritage Corridor project was released in August-September 2002 and there was no occasion for the court to direct probe into Mayawati's assets from 1995 onwards.The order left the CBI stunned and sources in the agency stressed that the apex court's order was inconsistent with its earlier directives to probe Mayawati for allegedly amassing huge unaccounted wealth.Mayawati had moved the court in 2008 seeking quashing of the 2003 FIR alleging that the CBI had exceeded its jurisdiction in lodging the FIR, which was being used by the Centre to harass her politically because of her differences with the Congress-led UPA government on crucial issues. The CBI had taken a stand that it had unearthed substantive evidence to nail Mayawati in the DA case and that the apex court had directed it to investigate her assets separately from the Taj Heritage Corridor scam.The CBI had also said, \"The FIR No. RC 19 dated October 5, 2003 under section 13(2) read with 13(1)(e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act reveal the details of huge amount of disproportionate assets possessed by Mayawati and her family members beyond their known sources of income.\"In the CBI's FIR against Mayawati, an assistant registrar of the Supreme Court was described as the complainant as was done by the agency in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam FIR. The apex court, while entertaining Mayawati's petition seeking quashing of the FIR, had restrained the CBI from filing a chargesheet in the case but had off and on granted time to the agency to file a probe status report.But on Friday, the court rejected the agency's stand that it was directed by the apex court to lodge the FIR against Mayawati. The bench said a bare reading of all orders in 2003 \"clearly shows that the direction to lodge FIR was issued only with respect to Taj Heritage Corridor matter, more particularly, the irregularities therein\".The court said the CBI had investigated the Taj Heritage Corridor scam and forwarded the report in 2007 to UP governor T V Rajeswar for obtaining sanction for Mayawati's prosecution as she was then chief minister. The governor had on June 3, 2007 declined to accord sanction for her prosecution.While dealing with the Taj Heritage Corridor scam, the apex court on September 18, 2003, had issued a series of directions including one which ordered the CBI to \"take appropriate steps for holding investigation against the chief minister Mayawati and Naseemuddin Siddiqui, former minister for environment, UP and other officers involved\".But the bench of Justices Sathasivam and Misra concluded that the direction was only with regard to investigations into the THC scam and had no reference to the personal wealth of Mayawati.\"We are also satisfied that there could not have been any material before the Supreme Court about the disproportionate assets case of the petitioner beyond the Taj Heritage Corridor project case and there was no such question or issue about disproportionate assets of the petitioner. In view of the same, giving any direction to lodge FIR relating to disproportionate assets case did not arise,\" it said.\"We are satisfied that the CBI exceeded its jurisdiction in lodging the FIR dated October 5, 2003 in the absence of any direction from this court in the September 18, 2003 order or in any subsequent orders,\" the court said closing the chapter of the CBI probe against Mayawati.The judgment opens up political space for Mayawati, leaving her free to chart her moves without having to worry about the threat of prosecution. More so because the CBI did not get sanction to prosecute her in the Taj Heritage Corridor project. However, her enhanced political autonomy may not necessarily lead Mayawati to up the ante against the Centre because of her need to avoid facing the electorate until the goodwill for UP chief minister Akhilesh Singh has soured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727790", "title": "Once-a-day water supply till July 15", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday announced that there will be no change in the city's once-a-day water supply plan. A decision on alternate day supply will be taken on July 15 after reviewing the stock in the reservoirs of the four dams that provide water to the city, he added.Pawar, the district guardian minister, was speaking to reporters after the district planning and development committee meeting.\"In the first week of July, we had decided to review the water levels in the four reservoirs providing water to Pune. The decision on alternate day's water supply was to be taken on Saturday. I met irrigation department and Pune Municipal Corporation officials and we have come to a conclusion that there is no immediate need for such a step. The current once-a-day supply will continue till July 15 after which we will review the situation ,\" he said.Areas under Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation need not worry as Pavana dam from where they get their supply has adequate water, he added.\"As of now, the four dams have a total water storage of 4.5 % which was 22 % last year. Even so there is no need for alternate day's water supply. We hope that the catchment areas get good rainfall in the next few days and there will be no need for increase water cuts,\" the deputy chief minister said.Last year, the total water storage in all the dams in the state was around 32 % while this year it is 14 %.Pawar came down heavily on Puneites' \"excessive\" use of water. \"We have to consider other villages and towns in the district. Daund is receiving alternate day's water supply. Once water levels rise in dams we have to withdraw the water cuts. Only Temghar and Khadakwasla were constructed for the city's water supply. But today the city draws water from all four dams which were mainly meant for agricultural irrigation. The state has allocated 7 TMC water to the city, but Pune draws double the quota, that is 14 TMC water,\" he said.Despite using additional water, the civic body has not fulfilled its promise to treat sewage water and release it into the river. \"All over the world, many cities are using treated sewage water for drinking purpose. Here it is not possible because of our attitude. But treated water should be used for non-drinking purposes, the minister said.BOXNod for hill cities only after assessing water usageDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday said that the state government will permit new hill cities around Pune only after considering the water usage and whether it will impact the city's water supply.\"There are some proposals for development of hill cities. There is no truth in the allegations that politicians have an interest in these projects. Developers do not belong to any party, they are professionals. The state government will permit hill cities around Pune, but only after considering the water they will use and whether these cities will impact Pune's water supply,\" Pawar said.There are plans to develop three hill city projects in Mulshi-Mawal-Velhe belt in Pune district. These, along with Lavasa and Aamby Valley, are part of the biodiversity-rich Sahyadri region.A private firm, Maharashtra Valley View Private Limited (MVVPL), has evinced interest in developing resorts, holiday homes and a township in villages falling under Mulshi taluka under special regulations formulated for hill stations in November 1996.BOXHead :Pune: Rainfall in the catchment areas of the four dams has marginally increased the water availability in the reservoirs. The collective storage in the four dams that provide water to the city -- Khadakwasala, Panshet, Varasgaon and Temghar --has reached 1.33 TMC on Friday. They had 1.12 TMC water on Tuesday. On Friday, Khadakwasala had 0.90 TMC water, Panshet had 0.43 TMC water, while other two dams Varasgaon and Temghar had no live water storage. \"The catchments have been witnessing around 25 to 30 mm rainfall in the last few days which has helped raise water levels,\" irrigation department officials said.BOX--Water availabilityDamWater (TMC)Rainfall (MM)Khadakwasla0.90 TMC2 mmPanshet0.43 TMC32 mmVarasgaonNo live storage37 mmTemgharNo live storage 35 mm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727113", "title": "Three arrested for running railway job racket", "text": "PATNA: A special task force (STF) team, along with Patna Police, carried out raids at three places in the district and arrested six persons on Friday. They also busted a racket in Railway Recruitment Board examinations.Acting on a tip-off that some people were running a job racket at Sadisopur under Bihta police station in Patna district, a Patna police team and STF personnel, led by DSP Gopal Paswan, raided the house of one Sitaram Akela and arrested three persons from there, Senior SP, Patna, Amrit Raj said.Over Rs2.55 lakh cash, two registers, 18 admit cards, 30 postal orders of Rs5, Rs7 and Rs10 and other documents were seized from the house. The arrested persons have been identified as Sitaram Akela, Dilip Kumar and Sanjay Kumar Sao, the SSP said.Describing their modus operandi, STF DSP Gopal Paswan said the trio used to charge Rs25,000 from the candidates before filling up the forms for Railway Recruitment Board examinations in other states. After that, they used to contact intelligent students for writing the papers at the examinations after making changes in the admit cards. If the candidates were declared pass in the examinations, the trio used to charge between Rs2.50 lakh and Rs6 lakh from the candidate, the DSP said, adding that they had been running the racket for the past one-and-a-half year.In the second operation carried out with the cooperation of Digha police in the riverine belt of Ganga, the STF arrested one Abhishek Kumar with a Germany-made rifle from Parmanandpur under Sonepur police station in Saran district. Abhishek extorted rangdari from boatmen carrying sand on their boats. Abhishek had earlier been sent to jail in connection with a case of train dacoity in Sonepur.In the third operation, two persons, Ranjit Kumar and Mohd Mausim Alam, were arrested with three pistols near Patna Junction roundabout, the DSP said. Ranjit is a native of Chhapra. Alam had brought the pistols from Munger to deliver them to Ranjit, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "14727362", "title": "Two held in spurious liquor case in Nalanda", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: With the arrest of two persons including a homoeopathic practitioner and recovery of large quantity of spirit, raw material used in making country liquor, manufacturing and packaging machines and related material from their possession, Nalanda police averted a possible hooch tragedy in the district, as the arrested persons are suspected to be kingpins of spurious liquor supply chain. One, Bablu Ravidas of Pachetan village under Asthawan PS area died on Thursday after consuming liquor, said Biharsharif DSP Shams Perwez on Friday.He said after receiving report that one, Bablu Ravidas, of Pachetan village died on Thursday evening after consuming liquor bought from one of the arrested persons, the police swung into action and arrested one, Pradeep Bind, from Hussainpur village under Rahui PS area in Nalanda district and recovered from his possession large quantity of spirit, several machines and packing materials. Later on, the police arrested a homoeopathic practitioner, Vijay Prasad, from his clinic in Ramchandrapur locality of Biharsharif and sealed his three godowns. He is suspected to be supplying spirit to the gang which he procures in the name of making homoeopathic medicine.Nalanda police also raided a shop in front of SBI building in Rajgir and recovered large quantity of spirit, several machines used in making and packaging the spurious country liquor but the owner and a member of the gang managed to escape.The police officer said that an FIR in this connection was lodged with Rahui PS and several other members of the gang are also expected to be arrested soon. He said that the body of the deceased, suspected to have died after consuming spurious liquor, has been sent to Sadar Hospital, Biharsharif, for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14726058", "title": "After oil spill, stop-work order issued to company", "text": "VASCO: A day after furnace oil spilled from a storage tank near a residential area at Bogda, Sada, the Mormugao planning and development authority (MPDA) issued a stop-work order to the comany, Ganesh Benzoplast Limited (GBL), asking it to halt all operations at the terminal. A police personnel has been asked to ensure the company complies with this.MPDA chairman Krishna Salkar handed the order to GBL's assistant terminal manager Shahbaz Desai in the presence of Mormugao MLA Milind Naik and PDA chairman and Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) chief officer Agnelo Fernandes.\"There should be no movement of trucks or the supply of raw material, sulphuric acid and furnace oil or any other substance. Neither can there be any construction of new tanks,\" Salkar said.Desai, however, said the allegations are baseless. \"It was an operational spillage and a negligible matter, but some people are blowing it out of proportion,\" he said.Around the year 2000, the MPDA had issued an approval to GBL to store edible oil, but the company officials later started storing furnace oil and sulphuric acid, Salkar alleged.The MMC is also planning to write to the Mormugao Port Trust, seeking an explanation as how it allowed the supply of petroleum products to GBL while the council had not issued permission to them.The MPDA will wait till GBL officials produce the requisite documents to allow operations to be resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725571", "title": "Adarsh member blames Gidwani for \u2018incorrect info\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: An Adarsh member on Friday admitted before the judicial panel probing the housing society scam that the information she gave to the Colaba society while applying for a flat was incorrect and blamed former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani for the failure.Devyani Khobragade, a 38-year-old Indian Foreign Service officer and daughter of former BEST general manager Uttam Khobragade, was called to depose for the consecutive day. On Thursday she had claimed that her undertaking to Adarsh was accurate.Devyani applied for a flat in Adarsh in 2004. She also acquired an apartment in Meera Cooperative Society in Oshiwara, which was constructed on land given by Mhada. On Friday, Devyani insisted that the Oshiwara flat's construction was completed in 2005; therefore, she could have been said to become an owner only then. Since she sold the Oshiwara flat in 2008 and was allotted the Adarsh flat in 2009, \"at no point of time I owned two flats in Mumbai,\" claimed Devyani, who is currently a director in the external affairs ministry.She said: \"Gidwani advised my father that since we were disposing of the flat in Meera society, the same may not be mentioned in the application.\"On cross-examination, however, she admitted that she still owned a flat in Meera society. \"I am not aware of the 1999 government resolution that if I am holding a flat in a cooperative housing society, I would not be entitled to another flat in a different housing society,\" Devyani said, while confessing that the info she gave at the time of applying for Adarsh that she did not own any flat in Mumbai was incorrect.The commission also grilled her about the various properties she owns in Mumbai and neighbouring suburbs. A document she submitted to the government, as part of her service rules, in 2006 mentioned payments she had made for a flat in Vasant Vihar in Thane, Rs 1.25 lakh paid to Joshi Richa construction, Rs 5 lakh paid to Mohid builders, a property that she owns in an Oberoi project, and references to Rockline Constructions, Wellworth Developers and Windsor Gardens. \"My father knows about these properties,\" claimed Devyani, saying she was unaware of the details.Member P Subrahmanyam then asked Devyani: \"You must have hardly completed seven or eight years in the government service (in 2006). Could you explain the source of funds from where these various properties were acquired?\" Devyani said the funds came through \"inheritance of land, gift by my father, reinvestment of sale proceeds and investment in shares.\"Subrahmanyam asked if she was aware that \"being an IFS officer, rules did not permit you to approach politicians in matters concerning other than what is in public interest?\" Devyani replied yes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729347", "title": "Prachi Desai: Did Ekta cut out the actress from Once Upon...?", "text": "Ekta Kapoor and Prachi Desai , reveal friends from the industry, are no longer on talking terms. And the filmmaker's muchanticipated sequel to Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai is to be blamed.Prachi and Ekta have been close ever since the Balaji baroness launched the actress as the protagonist in one of her soaps. Though things soured a bit when Prachi quit the series to sign Rock On!!, later things were sorted out and the two were back to being buddies. But how Prachi lost out on a plum role in Once Upon...2 that was meant to be hers, tells a different inside story.A source revealed, \"Prachi was very much a part of the sequel when the script was being written. In fact, her character was more prominent than in the first part. Later, her role was cut down to four or five scenes. And then she found herself out of the project altogether. Then Sonali Bendre stepped in.\"A friend of the actress explained, \"After Rock On !!, Ekta and Prachi sorted out their differences. They worked together in Once Upon ... which gave Prachi's career a huge boost. But then she signed Bol Bachchan . Despite being friends with Rohit Shetty , Ekta did not like it.\"Ever since then Prachi had been conspicuous by her absence at Ekta's house parties. And tongues had started wagging. A friend defended Ekta, who is currently in Dubai , \"Prachi was not even signed for the film. How can she be paired with Akshay Kumar ? Sonali fit the role perfectly.\"When asked about Prachi's role in the film, director Milan Luthria said, \"I've no idea where these stories are coming from.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730035", "title": "Red, white and blue all over", "text": "What better way to celebrate your country turning 236 years old than with a big bash? That's how the city's American expats marked the Fourth of July earlier this week.They went all out and got decked up in red, white and blue, the colours of the Star-Spangled Banner. Some of them even added a couple of accessories to their ensembles \u2014 like Sharmin with her tasseled purse and James with his straw cowboy hat \u2014 while Sandra and Angel painted their nails red and blue respectively. Shalini went a step further and wore a dress that had the American flag all over it. Quite a few people waved flags as part of the celebrations, and some, like Subarna, really got into the spirit of the evening and wrapped one around herself. We also spotted Lourd Vijay and Ema Trinidad at this bash, all celebrating the spir it of independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14731573", "title": "Hope I am lucky enough to get Arjuna this time: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yuvraj Singh, who has recovered from a rare germ cell cancer, feels \"honoured\" that the BCCI has again sent his nomination for the prestigious Arjuna award and is hoping that he will be more lucky this time.\"It's an honour that BCCI has nominated my name for the Arjuna Award. This is the second time that my name has been nominated and I hope that I am lucky enough to get it,\" Yuvraj told media persons at the launch of the \"YouWeCan\" -- an initiative by Yuvraj Singh Foundation, to spread awareness about cancer detection.The BCCI has decided to nominate Yuvraj for the award. Incidentally, the BCCI's decision came after a miscommunication with the sports ministry regarding the last date for filing the nomination form.The BCCI had alleged that they did not have an intimation about the nomination like earlier years, a claim which was strongly refuted by the sports ministry.However a couple of days back, the joint secretary in the sports ministry Mukul Chatterjee called up at the BCCI office to inform about the date of nomination being extended till July 20.Although Virat Kohli has been a standout performer last year, the BCCI has decided to nominate Yuvraj's name since he is one of the senior most cricketers who is yet to receive the award. His contemporaries like Virender Sehwag , Harbhajan Singh , Zaheer Khan and Gautam Gambhir have all received the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725781", "title": "Delhi bus shelter tender designed to favour multinational company", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tender for upgrading and maintaining more than 300 bus shelters in Delhi has triggered a controversy amidst allegations that its terms are designed to benefit a multinational company, leaving out Indian companies who claim to be equally equipped to carry out the project.Documents with TOI seem to bear out that the terms are loaded in favour of the foreign company. The documents also show that the technical evaluation for the project is not transparent. The overall selection norms carry 80% weight for technical specifications. This would be determined on the basis of technical evaluation critieria, which are subjective.The tender for the project was not published on the Delhi Government website despite an official circular which makes it mandatory for all tenders above Rs 2 lakhs to be implemented through the e-procurement method.Sources say that the tender norms will shut out competition as they are skewed in favour of the multinational firm. The website of this firm advertises the fact that it has already been awarded a contract for upgrading 319 bus shelters and constructing another 100 across the city. Strangely, no tender was floated for this contract.In fact, documents with TOI suggest that the multinational company was awarded 250 shelters without a tender being floated during Commonwealth Games in 2010.The tender conditions make it mandatory for a firm to have a minimum of five years experience in \"two street furniture\" on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis. Sources said that virtually every domestic company will be forced out as they would not be able to meet this condition because the concept of BOT for maintaining street furniture is relatively new and only foreign firms have the experience.Domestic firms say that they are equipped to make and maintain bus shelters as well as any foreign company. In fact, they would like to contribute in making Delhi have the look and feel of a world-class city - an objective of the state government.It remains a mystery why the state government is keen to hurry through the process for awarding the contract on these skewed terms. While the domestic companies say that the contract should be awarded for a minimum of 15 years, given that this bus shelters contract is for 20+5 years, if the contract is awarded on skewed terms, unfairness will persist for over two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727180", "title": "Drains choke, Patna suffers", "text": "PATNA: Despite the tall claims made by the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials that the drains under its jurisdiction have been cleaned, several areas of the city were waterlogged after moderate to heavy rain on Friday, exposing the much-hyped PMC preparedness for the monsoon.Only a few weeks back, at the time of PMC polls, many of the candidates who are now elected councillors of their wards, had promised moon to their voters. A few smart spells of rain exposed their commitment to their voters.What added to the woes of Patnaites was the silt removed from the drains and kept outside which made some of the waterlogged areas muddy. The rainwater carried the silt back into the drains choking them further. Shopkeepers in some areas were seen opening the lid of the chambers in front of their shops to allow the rainwater to flow.Areas like Kankarbagh, Bahadurpur and Rajendra Nagar remained waterlogged with knee-deep water at several places. The lanes and roads near the Rajendra Nagar telephone exchange and Rajendra Nagar Overbridge were among the worst-hit. The manholes in these areas remained choked.Shweta (24), a resident of MIG Flats in Kankarbagh, said, \"We are told every year that situation would improve next year. But till date, no step has been taken to set things right.\"The exercise of cleaning the drains is undertaken mainly to keep the city free from waterlogging during monsoon. But the ground reality is that majority of the drains have been cleaned only on papers, alleged several residents of Kankarbagh area.\"One can see waterlogging in most areas of the city even after short spells of rain. The PMC claims the silt has been removed from the drains and sewers. But where did they dump the silt. All the slit are lying right on top of the drains at most of the places. The silt went back into the drains when it rained,\" said Amarkant, a resident of Postal Park area.Several drains have been constructed above the road level in Birla Mandir Road area, Kankarbagh, Railway Hunter Road and Transport Nagar. These areas get waterlogged even after a few lashes of monsoon rain. \"Inexperienced contractors construct the drains. No official comes to check the execution of the projects,\" complained Shiva of Transport Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14727486", "title": "97pc polling for Children's Parliament despite heavy rain", "text": "VARANASI: Heavy turnout of voters during the polling for the Children's Parliament on Friday despite heavy rain left the adult voters awestruck. Clad in raincoats and umbrellas on heads, as many as 10,131 voters, out of a total of 10,445, turned up to cast vote for the third Children's Parliament, recording 97 per cent polling. The voters were in the age group of 5 to 13 years. Polling was held peacefully at all polling booths in Sigra, Lanka, Narpatpur, Khidkiyaghat and Jaitpura areas. A mobile booth was also deployed to serve the voters who live far away from the polling booths.Vishal Bharat Sansthan president Rajiv Srivastava, who acted as chief election officer, said that some polling booths at Lanka, Narpatpur and Khidkiyaghat recorded 100 per cent voting. There are six seats for the member of parliaments, who would represent six areas of ghats, Jaitpura, central Varanasi, trans-Varuna, trans-Asi and rural areas. There is going to be one seat for the speaker. Nine candidates are in the fray for the speaker's seat and 19 contestants are vying to be MPs.There are candidates from nine children's political parties and also Independent ones in the field.The voters looked enthusiastic in electing the right candidate. The candidates were optimistic about victory. \"I believe I would get approximately 5000 votes. I was very active throughout and children believe in my abilities,\" says Afreen Bharatvanshi, a class V student, who is contesting for the post of speaker from Bal Janta Party, with an election symbol 'Mango'.Tabrez Bharatvanshi, a contestant for MP seat from Bal Vikas Party, said that if he wins, his first priority would be to send every child to school and stop parents from beating the children. An interesting case of violation of the model code of conduct was witnessed at the polling booth in Sigra area, when a candidate opposed the umbrellas that were used by children to escape the rain on the grounds that 'umbrella' was the symbol of a contestant and its presence in the polling premises was against the rules of the election.Polling ended in the presence of former information commissioner O P Kejriwal, who was acting as chief election observer and Anita Chowdhary, president, women's club, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL). The results would be announced on July 10.The nomination process of the Children's Parliament of VBS began with fanfare amid sound of drums and dhols at Sigra on Tuesday.As many as 19 candidates filed their nominations for the post of speaker, whereas a total of nine children's parties filled the nomination forms. Candidates also revealed their properties and money deposited at children's bank on the occasionThe idea of Children's Parliament surfaced in 2008, when as many as 1,000 child voters registered to be involved in the electoral process, which increased to 3,626 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14725408", "title": "Ganja worth Rs 18 lakh seized", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Vizag rural police seized 550 kgs of ganja following raids conducted at various places in the district on Friday. The seized material is worth Rs 18 lakh. Acting on a tip-off, police conducted raids at Kottakota in Ravikamatam mandal and seized 250 kg and another 300 kg at Rolugunta area.Police arrested one person and seized a two-wheeler while three of his associates escaped. Police sources said traders from Tamil Nadu were transporting the contraband from Visakha Agency. The border areas of Visakhpatnam and Odisha are known for ganja cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727575", "title": "Bookie held in bakery owner's murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday arrested Mushtaq, a resident of sector 6 in Vikas Nagar in connection with the murder of a bakery owner in Dandaiya area on July 2. Police said that the accused is involved in a betting racket being operated from the National Capital Region. The victim was into betting and had won a total of Rs 2.5 lakh over a period of six months, while betting on a television reality show and also on IPL matches. However, the accused was not paying the money to the bakery owner following which the entered into a heated argument hours before the murder took place.Police said the murder was orchestrated by Mushtaq and executed by two of his aides who are yet to be arrested. Cops also said that Mushtaq has confessed to his involvement in the crime, but refused to part with the names of the remaining accused on grounds that it may go against the interest of investigations.Lucknow district police chief Ashutosh Pandey said police had found Anil Jaiswal lying on the roadside in an unconscious state in a pool of blood. Assuming him to be a victim of a hit-and-run case, police rushed him to the medical university where it was confirmed that Anil was shot dead after a bullet wound was found on his chest.\"Investigations into the murder led the police to Mushtaq, who had met Anil a couple of hours before the murder and had reportedly entered into a heated argument with him. We rounded up Mushtaq and following sustained interrogation, he admitted his crime,\" Pandey said. According to the police, Mushtaq ran the Lucknow unit of inter-state betting racket being run by a native of Ghaziabad known by the name of King. Anil Jaiswal was into betting and had won Rs 2.5 lakh over a period of time but Mushataq failed to make the payments.When Anil started mounting pressure on Mushtaq for the money, Mushtaq asked Anil to give him Rs 1.4 lakh more so that he could invest the same to operate the racket and not only refund him this amount of Rs 1.4 lakh but also clear his arrears of Rs 2.5 lakh and give an additional Rs 3 lakh as his share from the profit as well. Anil reportedly gave Rs 1.4 lakh more to Mushtaq who lost the entire amount in betting.On July 2, Mushtaq along with an unidentified aide reached Anil's shop in Dandaiya with another proposal. He asked Anil to invest another Rs 1 lakh in the betting game promising him to return around Rs 10 lakh in total as his share in the business including the Rs 3.9 that was due on him.Allegations are that Anil lost his cool on Mushtaq's proposal and shoed him away. Enraged over the humiliation Mushtaq faced supposedly at the hands of Anil and that too in the presence of an aide of his, Mushtaqdecided to settle the dispute and connived with two of his aides to eliminate Anil.TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726770", "title": "Kollywood evolves from real jumbos to animated housefly", "text": "CHENNAI: In the past, the box office has been struck by the hiss of a wronged snake, the trumpet of an angry elephant, the bark of a loyal dog, but this Friday marked the debut of a vengeful housefly as S S Rajamouli's 'Naan Ee' (I fly) hit the screen.While director Rajamouli said the seed of the idea was planted in his mind years ago, he admitted that it was only now that the time was ripe to create a movie that stars a computer animated housefly.\"Fifteen years ago, Rajamouli's father thought up the idea of a 'weakling' character driven by anger and vengeance,\" says Rajeev Kamineni, head of PVP Cinema, producers of the Tamil version of the movie. But Rajamouli was not interested in making the movie at the time because he knew that computer graphics were not that developed and the movie would not be taken seriously. \"But now, with the kind of computer graphics we have in the movie, the move is a lot more believable. The whole movie is from the point of view of the housefly,\" says Kamineni, of the Rs 40 crore budgeted trilingual. \"We turned the fly human, a character the audience can empathise with.\"Now, while this is not the first time Kollywood is seeing an animal-based movie -- Nalla Neram (1964), which featured an elephant and Neeya (1979), which featured a snake for example -- the difference is that all the earlier movies depended on their lead actors to carry them through. Nalla Neram, for instance, starred MGR, while Neeya starred Sripriya. \"In fact, all of producer-director MMA Chinnappa Thevar's movies featured an animal playing a critical role. They always helped the hero in some way, but there was always a human hero,\" says film historian Mohan Raman.\"When you have a big hero backing a film, marketing it becomes easier,\" says Kamineni. \"But in 'Naan Ee', there is no formidable star cast, no hero other than the fly. So the risk was higher. But we feel in this day and age, when the audience is ready to accept newer themes and where content-rich movies do well, we feel it is more of a calculated risk than a gamble,\" says Kamineni, who adds that the team is trying unconventional methods of marketing the movie - for instance, printing the movie's name at the back of 13 lakh bus tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14732845", "title": "Maharashtra: Ayurveda doctors to go on strike on July 10", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 78,000 Ayurveda doctors in the state will observe a one-day strike on July 10 to condemn attacks on doctors and also to voice the problems of Ayurveda practitioners. National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) has given a call for a nationwide strike, in which doctors from state will participate, said a statement issued by the association.\"There is a lot of confusion among the medical practitioners and patients about the practice of ayurveda doctors. People are not aware that ayurveda doctors in our state are allowed to prescribe allopathic medicines. So if an ayurveda practitioner gives an allopathic medicine prescription, many people and even pharmacists feel surprised. The one day strike has been planned to create awareness about such issues concerning ayurveda practice,\" said Anupama Shimpi, president NIMA (Pune District Branch), while addressing a news conference here on Saturday.There are around 4,000 ayurveda doctors in the district and 78,000 in the state.Shimpi said that Pune district branch will stage a protest at the Pune collectorate. The doctors will raise voice against the attacks on ayurveda doctors, which were reported in Uttar Pradesh. Emergency services will be kept open during the strike, so that the common man dose not feel the heat of the protest. The members will protest against the continuation of the Bachelor of Rural Medicine and Surgery (BRMS) course.\"This is a short term course, which is meant to produce doctors for the rural areas. But our demand is to do away with this course and have full-fledged, well-trained doctors, especially ayurveda doctors who are equally adept in modern medicine,\" said Balasaheb Harpale, secretary of the organisatonHarpale said that they have been trained in both ayurveda as well as modern medicine. Ayurveda doctors are the ones who actually work in the rural heartlands. Their efforts need to be recognised and the demands fulfilled, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14730274", "title": "Mumbai Police bust prostitution racket, rescue 14 girls", "text": "MUMBAI: The social service branch of Mumbai police on Friday busted a major prostitution racket running under the guise of beer bar in Malad. Fourteen bar girls who were forced into prostitution by the hotelier were rescued and were send to rescue centre in Chembur.Acting on the specific tip off the SS branch, Mumbai police, led by assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble, on late Friday raided Sangam restuarant and beer bar at Daftari road at Malad west and arrested three hotel staff for running prostitution racket. The three arrested have been identified as Ranga Gowda, the manager of the bar, Samal Kalichandra Mazumdar and Satish Agarwal.This is the second time the police have raided this bar in last one year. Police are now looking for the hotel owner Sunil Pawar.All the accused have been booked under the prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act and have been remanded to police custody.Police said that they will see that Sargam hotel's licence is suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730064", "title": "Brad Pitt\u2019s mum against gay marriage", "text": "Brad Pitt may support gay-marriage, but his mother Jane Pitt apparently does not.In a letter printed in The Springfield News-Leader on Tuesday, Pitt's mother supported Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his conservative views on homosexuality. Jane was responding to a letter previously published by a reader who urged voters to shut out Romney's presidential bid because of his Mormon beliefs. She identified herself as \"a Christian [who differs] with the Mormon religion.\"\"Any Christian should spend much time in prayer before refusing to vote for a family man with high morals, business experience, who is against abortion, and shares Christian conviction concerning homosexuality just because he is a Mormon,\" Us Magazine quoted her as saying. According to the Hollywood Reporter, the Missouri newspaper had initially printed an editor's note denying a relation between the writer and Pitt.However, the paper replaced the first editor's note with a second, reading, \"Editor's note: To clear up earlier confusion, the News-Leader has verified the letter writer is the mother of actor Brad Pitt and local businessman Doug Pitt.\" However, the mother and son have drastically different views on this issue.In September 2007, Brad donated 100,000 dollars to the campaign against Proposition 8 \"because everyone has the right to live the life they so desire if it doesn't harm another and because discrimination has no place in America.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14732424", "title": "3-year-old kidnapped from Mumbai's CST station traced in Haridwar", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old girl, kidnapped from a railway station here last month, has been traced in the holy town of Haridwar in Uttarakhand from where she was rescued today, police said.The alleged kidnapper, identified as Raju, has been arrested by the Haridwar Police, they said.\"Haridwar Police has informed us about the development and a team is being sent there,\" Mumbai Railway Police Commissioner Prabhat Kumar said.The girl was stolen by an unidentified man when she was sleeping with her parents, who were contract labourers hailing from Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, at Mumbai's Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus station on June 10.The Railway Police had yesterday released a photograph and CCTV footage to track down the culprit.The CCTV footage showed a limping man alighting from a train and wandering around the station before spotting the family with the sleeping baby. He then sat besides her and took her away.The girl's parents used to clean the railway tracks. They were to board a train in the night but missed it, following which they decided to sleep at the station and catch the next train, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727201", "title": "Bihar State Electricity Board uses bamboos, not poles, to supply power", "text": "PATNA: Residents of Mitra Mandal Colony under the Phulwari police station area on the outskirts of the city had a narrow escape on Thursday evening when wires supplying power to households came into contact with high-tension wires. As a result, the wires as well the bamboos from which the wires were hanging were burned.The incident created panic among the residents who blamed the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB)'s negligence for it. \"It could have proved fatal for residents as it was raining heavily when the incident took place,\" said Ashok Pandey of the colony. According to him, the residents had approached the BSEB's GM and executive engineer of the Danapur division several times in the past with a request to provide poles in place of bamboos for the wires and to cover the high-tension wires passing through the residential area. \"But they have not paid heed to our request,\" Pandey said.A K Verma, also of the colony, said the residents even agreed to bear the cost of poles, but the power board officials did not evince interest, leaving people to fend for themselves. \"Besides, power outages for eight to 10 hours almost every day have made life miserable,\" he said.Expressing concern over \"poor functioning\" of the BSEB's offices at Phulwari and Danapur, the aggrieved residents said while the BSEB was issuing electricity bills and metres to consumers, it expressed inability to supply poles to Kalyani Nagar and other adjoining localities at Anisabad. \"Faults often remain unattended for hours, forcing us to call private mechanics and pay them for rectifying the faults,\" said A N Sinha.The maintenance is so poor that power supply wires in Mitra Mandal Colony area's 'D' block are loosely hanging. At a few places, the wires appear to be touching the heads of passersby.A BSEB engineer, preferring anonymity, said the power board was aware of the problems. Low voltage and frequent power failures are caused by the maintenance work being carried out in the area as a part of safety measures for the rains. \"Efforts are on to streamline power supply to the area,\" he said.According to BSEB spokesperson H R Pandey, BSEB has started production of poles these days. \"We will be able to ensure the supply of poles after July 30,\" he said and added the BSEB GM was personally looking into the consumers' problems these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14727246", "title": "Maoist arrested with Rs 5 lakh", "text": "GAYA: Shrawan Manjhi, suspected to be a Maoist, was arrested from Maqsoodpur village under Khizarsarai police station area in Gaya district on July 5 night and a loaded countrymade pistol and Rs 5 lakh in cash seized from him.City SP Babu Ram told mediapersons on Friday afternoon that the cash recovered from the Maoist's possession was earlier received by him as extortion money from a construction company engaged in the execution of development schemes in the district. The money was to be remitted to the leadership of the ultra leftist outfit.According to the City SP, the Maoist was wanted by the police in connection with four different cases registered against him with Khizarsarai and Atri police station areas of the district. Manjhi was also involved in the burning of a JCB machine of the same construction company from which the Maoist ultimately realised the 'levy'. The JCB machine was burnt a few weeks back under Atri police station area.Extortion money, called levy by the Maoists, remains the main source of funding for the rebels and if sources are to be believed, even block level officials of the development-related departments deputed in the Naxal-affected areas allegedly buy peace with the Reds by giving a part of the cut money received by them (officials) to the Naxals. Quite a few officials do not want to reside at the comparatively unsafe block headquarters to avoid the wish list of the Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14731514", "title": "CAB keen to have Sourav Ganguly's service", "text": "KOLKATA: The Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) are mulling having Sourav Ganguly as advisor to their junior cricketers.The former India captain, who played for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy last season also, has suggested the names of Bishen Singh Bedi and Gundappa Viswanath as advisors for Bengal cricket.Ganguly felt it was not possible for Bengal coach WV Raman to look after all the departments of the team and hence the southpaw felt it will be great if CAB can rope in Bedi and Viswanath for advisory role.The CAB has still not accepted the proposal but a section of the association felt why Bedi or Viswanath when they can always seek Ganguly's help.CAB joint secretary Sujan Mukherjee is learnt to have a word with Ganguly on the issue who has shown interest in the role as well.However, it is still not clear whether Ganguly will be able to give enough time for the association.The CAB has asked Ganguly to select and advise age-group cricketers mainly so that Bengal can build up a good bench strength quickly.The association is also open to talks with the former India stars Bedi and Viswanath and find out whether the duo will be available and interested in providing service to Bengal cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14730145", "title": "Congress councillor arrested for attack on RTI activist Akhil Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Congress councillor was arrested in connection with the attack on RTI activist and Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi while search was on for five others allegedly involved in the assault.Meanwhile, the Nalbari district bandh called to protest against the incident disrupted normal life in the area on Saturday.Congress councillor Tapan Barman was arrested on Friday night while search was on for five others allegedly involved in the attack on Gogoi when he was surveying flood damage in Purni village on Friday, police said.Gogoi, who sustained injury on his face and waist after being attacked by bamboos and sharp weapons, managed to reach Nalbari Sadar police station. He alleged that agriculture minister Nilamoni Sen Deka, representing Dharmapur assembly constituency, where the attack took place was behind the incident and his supporters were involved in his assault.Gogoi, who is undergoing treatment in the Nalbari Swahid Mukunda Kakati civil hospital and referred to the Guwahati medical college hospital here, has refused to leave Nalbari until the five other accused were brought to book.The Nalbari district bandh called to protest against the attack affected normal life in Nalbari town but failed to have impact on other areas of the district.Shops and business establishments and banks and educational institutions in the district headquarter town of Nalbari remained closed but there was no impact on movement of traffic on the national highway.Gogoi, who is also the general secretary of Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), alleged that five Congress workers including Ratul Ali, Khalilur Rahman, Bhuban Deka and Raju Barman were responsible for the attack, police said.He has already lodged an FIR against Congress leader and president of Dharmapur youth Congress committee Ratul Patowary and five others, they said.Two cameras of a scribe who went along with Gogoi to Purni were snatched by the attackers, he alleged.The KMSS leader also flayed the role of police and their alleged inaction.\"The culprits should be brought to book within 24 hours\", he demanded.Police claimed that Gogoi had gone to the village without informing them which resulted in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726697", "title": "Hariharan\u2019s singing tour to Sri Lanka off", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran playback singer and fusion music exponent Hariharan has called off his concert tour to Colombo, which was to kick off on Saturday, in deference to Tamil sentiments.\"My music has spread peace, happiness and love throughout the world for at least three decades. If one concert could create so much of hurt and anguish among my fans, the concert loses its purpose,\" Hariharan told TOI from Mumbai explaining why he had called it off.Tamil outfits in Tamil Nadu had raised the red flag to the visit of the singer to Sri Lanka for a musical concert. Hariharan, son of carnatic vocalist Alamelu, is a pioneer of Indian fusion music, a national award winner and recipient of the Tamil Nadu state government award.This is not the first time that an artist has been caught in the anti-Lanka sentiments over the plight of ethnic Tamils in the island nation, who are yet to be rehabilitated and given political rights on par with Sinhalese, after the end of the war against the LTTE in 2009. Kerala-born actor Asin too faced the heat after she went shooting in Sri Lanka in 2010 with Salman Khan for a Bollywood production despite a directive by the South Indian Film Artistes Association to all Kollywood artists to refrain from going to Lanka to express solidarity with war displaced Tamils there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726112", "title": "More than 15k students confirm seats", "text": "MUMBAI: As many as 15,423 students had confirmed their seats in the second round of online junior college admissions by the end of Friday.The second online merit list was announced on Wednesday and more than 51,000 students were allotted seats; 19,000 were fresh allotments. \"Students whose names appeared on the second online merit list can confirm their seats till Saturday afternoon, following which colleges will surrender their vacant seats for the third and last round of admissions,\" said an official from the education department.The last online merit list will be announced at 5pm on July 10 and colleges will be allowed to conduct admissions to bifocal courses offline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732904", "title": "Katie Holmes rail thin following filing for divorce from Tom Cruise", "text": "Katie Holmes may have said that she was doing fine earlier, but photos show that the strain of her divorce from husband of five years, Tom Cruise , is taking its toll on her shrinking frame.The 33-year-old actress has put on a brave face as she's been spotted leaving her Chelsea home, but, on Thursday, her backless halterneck blouse revealed a rail-thin figure.The divorce battle took another malicious turn after Cruise's powerhouse attorney Bert Fields accused Holmes' team of \"playing the media\".\"We are letting 'the other side' play the media until they wear everyone out and then we'll have something to say,\" the New York Post quoted him as telling BBC.\"It's not Tom's style to do this publicly. He's really sad about what's happening,\" he had said.Meanwhile, panicked Scientology chiefs have shot off a letter to their followers urging them to \"fight back\" against attacks on the religion following the former Hollywood A-list couple's split.The email, posted on the blog of former Scientologist Marty Rathbun, is written by Daniele Lattanzi, who Rathbun said works for the Office of Special Affairs, \"the propaganda arm of Scientology.\"It advises followers on how to censor and hit back at negative comments against the religion on the web.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727125", "title": "Gorakhnath temple security restored", "text": "LUCKNOW: Heavy security was restored at the Gorakhnath temple of Gorakhpur on Thursday. The usual security paraphernalia at the temple was downsized in mid June to manage additional forces for the local bodies' elections. Shortly after the security was downsized, the temple administration received three anonymous threats in writing declaring that the temple will be bombarded in the days to come. The letters were apparently hand delivered and were received on between June 22 and June 26, 2012.Keeping in mind the letters signed by a self-proclaimed terror outfit, the district police decided to restore the security blanket for the temple well before the counting of votes of the local bodies' polls began.Authorities said though the forces delegated on election duty were yet to report back to their posting point, a decision has been taken to restore the security cover of the temple as an exceptional case particularly in view of the threats.Gorakhpur police admitted that the threats of a bomb attack at Gorakhnath temple were kept a closely guarded secret and even the temple administration helped the police in maintaining foolproof secrecy on the issue in order to avoid unnecessary panic.Police said investigations were underway to trace the senders of the three letters and unveil the truth behind the act. The temple administration said they too were trying to establish the identities of those behind the letter, at their individual level, as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726563", "title": "Bitter pill: Abortion kit sales plunge by 65% in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: While one of the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) strategies to fight female feticide is to crack down on chemists illegally selling the abortion pill, the ham-handed manner in which the FDA has acted has led to an undesired effect. Chemists in the city are afraid to even legally stock the pill, making it scarce.Experts say this could lead to an unhealthy situation. \"If the pill is not available or there are too many restrictions, there is a fear that abortions will go underground,\" said Dr Suchitra Dalvie of the Asia Safe Abortion Partnership.The Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) kit, whose sales have dropped 65% in Mumbai, is one of the safest ways to end an unwanted pregnancy. Noting the danger in its non-availability, health minister Suresh Shetty ordered action against stores not stocking the kit even as the crackdown continues on selling it without proper prescriptions and paperwork.But on Friday, a day after the Maharashtra government said it would act against retailers not stocking the pill, chemists remained reluctant to stock it. \"The FDA reports us directly to the police for not keeping paperwork. Isn't this extreme?\" said a city retailer.The current scarcity can be blamed as much on the illegal use of MTP kits as on the state's crackdown on chemists, said experts.Dalvie said there has been rampant illegal use of MTP kits, especially in sex-selective abortions. Dr Rekha Daver, who heads JJ Hospital's gynaecology department, said, \"The pill is recommended only for pregnancies of not more than 63 days, that too on a prescription written by a gynaecologist certified to carry out abortions. But in practice, the drug was being dispensed by homoeopaths, MBBS doctors, quacks and chemists themselves.\" Dalvie said that even with the availability of the pill, 45% of all abortions were not carried out by recognized MTP service providers or were performed in a place not legally approved.Doctors fear the present impasse will take women's reproductive health back many years. Daver said it was a good measure to let the abortion pill into India.Almost 10 years ago, public health experts celebrated the entry of medical abortions. In a country where unsafe abortions accounted for 8% of all maternal deaths, the MTP kit \u2014 which actually has two pills taken 48 hours apart \u2014 was offered as the safest option for women seeking to end unwanted pregnancies. India allows the pill to be used for up to nine weeks of pregnancy.However, the pill began to be sold without prescription. Like every other medication, it can have side-effects or lead to worse dangers, like bleeding, abdominal pain and fever.In India, only one of two pills are sometimes taken in the second trimester to induce labour. This can cause incomplete abortions and septic remains of the pregnancy. Daver said, \"The kit has two pills \u2014 one is expensive and the other cheaper. Off label use of this cheaper pill for second-trimester abortions is not only unethical, but unsafe.\" She said her hospital has treated incomplete abortions.However, by not stocking the pill, the chemists are protesting against what they say is the government's move to link the pill to female feticide. They say the pill can only be used during the first 63 days of pregnancy. \"The sex of the unborn child is known only after 12 weeks (84 days). So, how can we be blamed for female feticide?'' asked Dilip Mehta of the Maharashtra State Chemists &amp; Druggists Association. He said all association members have been asked to stock the pill and sell against a proper prescription.\"But abortion is a sensitive and personal matter. Most of the people who want the pill give wrong names or addresses. How do we work around this?\" he asked.Times View Something as essential to public health as abortion pills going off chemists' shelves shows how misdirected the FDA campaign has been. Abortion pills, if dispensed legally and properly, don't lead to female feticide; they help women escape unwanted pregnancies. Pushing women to opt for unsafe abortions is actually pushing them a generation back. More thought needs to be applied and better brains need to be engaged before embarking on campaigns as important as the present one to end female feticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/barmer", "code": "14727107", "title": "Dead man walking: 13 yrs after 'last rites', man lands in cop net", "text": "JAISALMER/BARMER: The Barmer district police on Thursday arrested 60-year-old Hari Singh, a convict who was considered dead for the past 13 years.Singh was arrested on Thursday following a tip off and was sent to jail once again after the district court passed an order to complete the life imprisonment sentence that was awarded to him in a murder case.\"The police team walked on foot for more than 5km and surrounded the area where Singh was hiding and managed to arrest him,\" Barmer SP Rahul Barhat said while talking to TOI on Thursday.Barhat said the house where Singh was hiding is located in an isolated dhani (hamlet) and they could see the police vehicle from quite a distance. \"That is how Singh could manage to give police the slip for 13 long years,\" he said. The SP informed that police had some inputs that Singh was alive and kept searching for him. \"We can't consider any one dead until the body is recovered and so efforts were on to trace him,\" Barhat said.Singh came out of jail on a 15-day parole in 1999. He didn't return to jail even after the 15-day period was over. When police started searching for him, the family said Singh was dead. The family erected a palia (a structure in memory of the dead) and they told police that it was constructed only after Singh died.A resident of Aati village in Barmer tehsil, some 2km from Barmer City, Singh was convicted in 1997 for killing Kheema, son of Samthi in an incident that took place in 1979. After conviction, he was shifted to Jodhpur central jail from where he was given parole for 15 days on March 3, 1999.In western Rajasthan, when a person dies, he is considered a \"deity\" and a platform also used as a temple is constructed at the house in memorial of the deceased person. On a particular date, puja and sweets are offered at that temple by family members. Hari Singh took advantage of this tradition and fooled others into believing that he was dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726492", "title": "\u2018Pranksters taking away manhole covers to collect Rs 500 reward\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Despite escalating cases of children falling into open pits in the state, the district administration is yet to ensure that such cases are not repeated. Even though the civic agencies claim that they have intensified the drive to cover all the pits and manholes, a lot remains to be done.On the other hand, sources said that they have come across a few instances in which some people are deliberately removing the covers from the pits. \"Ever since the district administration has announced a reward of Rs 500 to those who give information about any uncovered borewell, pit or manhole, some pranksters seem to be taking the covers away. However, there is nothing we can do about it because there is no mechanism to lock these covers. Many residents also use these pits to throw garbage,\" said a source.Meanwhile, even after witnessing the death of another child in Manesar, who had fallen into an open sewage drain, the district administration is yet to cover the nearby open pits. There are some open manholes even in the MCG area. One is outside the working women's hostel in Civil Lines, and another is near the commissioner's residence.However, the MCG officials claim that they are ensuring that all these manholes and pits are securely covered. \"Just three days ago, we conducted a survey of the entire area, to find out if there are any open pits or manholes. We have covered almost all of them. However, if there are more of such pits, we will get them covered at the earliest. We suspect that such cases might be present in unauthorized colonies, which are not under us. We our trying our best to ensure that such unfortunate cases do not take place in our area,\" said an MCG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725732", "title": "Sena leader resigns from Octroi panel", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems all is not well between two old alliance partners - BJP and Shiv Sena - at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Shiv Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar has tendered his resignation from the Octroi committee on Friday citing ill-treatment from the BJP.After submitting the resignation to mayor Anil Sole, Talwekar said that the Sena corporators are upset with the way BJP is neglecting them. \"BJP came into power in alliance with the Sena. But we were not given post of deputy mayor followed by one seat of chairperson of consultative committee. Therefore, I have resigned from the member of Octroi committee to register protest. Sena contact chief Vinayak Raut will be in the city on Saturday to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Nehru Nagar zone chairman Kishor Kumeriya. All issues will be discussed with Raut. We may even think of withdrawing support to BJP if get green signal,\" he said.Talwekar further said that even Sole is not taking any efforts to allocate office room at the NMC. \"Portraits of our supremo Balasaheb Thackeray and Uddhav Thackeray are lying idle in the abandoned office room,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727907", "title": "Names of six districts created by Mayawati to be restored", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party (SP) government has decided to restore original names of six districts rechristened during previous Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government between 2007 and 2011.The SP had promised in its election manifesto that if voted to power it will restore original names of the districts which were carved out from existing districts or were renamed. Sources in the government said that Prabudhnagar would be renamed as Shamli, Panchsheel Nagar as Hapur, Bhimnagar as Sambhal and JP Nagar as Amroha. These four districts were earlier tehsils and were carved out from the existing districts. While Mayawati gave them new name, the SP government was of the view that it should have been named after the names of the tehsils which formed major part of the districts.The name of Kanpur Dehat district which was renamed as Ramabai Nagar will be restored and Mahamaya Nagar will get its original name Hathras back. The fate of Amethi is not clear as yet. Amethi is part of Rae Bareli and Sultanpur districts. It was also a Lok Sabha constituency and is represented by Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi . However, Mayawati government carved a new district from the tehsils coming under Amethi and named it as Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar. UP has total 75 districts.The SP government, after coming to power in March 2012, have revoked several decisions of the previous government. They include scrapping of social welfare schemes named after dalit icons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14727276", "title": "Looking on build on Valencia show: Karthikeyan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wet British weather welcomed the Formula One drivers at the Silverstone circuit on Friday. The two practice sessions for the British Grand Prix proved to be a challenge for the teams as well as the drivers.The substantial water that had accumulated in different parts of the track didn't make life easy for them either. Rookie Dani Clos, who joined veteran Pedro de la Rosa in the first session for HRT, did a good job in wet and tricky conditions.In the afternoon, Narain Karthikeyan returned to the wheel of the HRT but both him and teammate de la Rosa remained in the garage until there were 30 minutes to go in FP2 when it seemed like the conditions were improving. A red flag impeded them from coming out and, whilst de la Rosa decided to call an end to the session, Karthikeyan waited for the session to re-start to get a short but useful first taste of the track this weekend.\"Today we faced typical English weather; it was a complete wash out and, as a result, we didn't complete any meaningful running. The new part of the track, which is made up of turns 1 to 5, is new to me because I didn't race here last year so we need to make sure that we get some running in before qualifying,\" Karthikeyan said after Friday's test session.\"Hopefully tomorrow we'll have the chance to do these miles to head into qualifying better prepared, where I'll be aiming to back up my good performance in Valencia,\" the Chennai driver added.His teammate and former McLaren driver de la Rosa didn't feel the need to risk going in the second practice session. \"This morning we ran in wet conditions and tested everything we wanted to do, so in the second session we didn't feel the need to take a risk since the conditions weren't the best and, besides, we've only got three sets of extreme wet tyres for the entire weekend. That's why we decided not to come out,\" he said.\"Ahead of tomorrow's qualifying, if we face the same conditions, the important thing is to complete a clean lap, with no traffic, and not much water on track. Today we acclimatised to Silverstone in wet conditions and that was the objective,\" he added.Meanwhile, team principal Luis Perez-Sala was delighted by Narain's performance in the second practice session. \"Narain did a good job in the afternoon as he returned to his car and felt comfortable immediately at a track where he didn't race last year. Pedro didn't run in the afternoon but his laps in the morning were enough for what they wanted to test on the car so we could say it was mission accomplished and now we must think about tomorrow,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14730830", "title": "IIM-T to start three-year part-time PGPBM for professionals", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Management - Tiruchirappalli (IIM-T) would start a three-year Post Graduate Programme in Business Management (PGPBM) for working professionals at their Centre here from the forthcoming academic year starting this August.The curriculum would be completely aligned with the two-year full-time PG programme in Tiruchirapalli including its 18 core courses, 15 electives and an industrial project, Suresh Paul Antony, associate professor (Marketing) of IIM-T told reporters here.The programme that expects to take 40 to 45 students for its first batch would have classes in evenings from Wednesday to Saturday between 6.45 pm and 9.30 pm, he said.The last date to apply for this programme is July 23 and the classes would commence from August 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "14732933", "title": "Air Force personnel are not being sent back from India: Sri Lanka", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka on Friday said its Air Force personnel are not being sent back from India and they will continue with their training at a different location in the country after their presence at an air base in Chennai came under attack from political parties in Tamil Nadu.\"Reports about a group of Sri Lankan Airmen under training in Chennai being sent back to Sri Lanka is incorrect. They will continue their training in another location in India without any hindrance to their training programme,\" the external affairs ministry said.Earlier in the day, the Indian defence ministry said the Centre has decided to \"send off\" the Sri Lankan airmen from the IAF station at Tambaram where they were undergoing training.\"All Sri Lankan trainees are being sent off today from this Station as per instruction of the Ministry of Defence,\" a brief Defence Ministry statement said, a day after all political parties strongly protested training to nine Sri Lankan airmen in Chennai.Sri Lankan press release said the airmen have been located elsewhere to further the training programme.Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa had publicly expressed opposition to the Sri Lankan airmen being trained in Tambaram air base, describing it as an \"insult to Tamil people\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14727273", "title": "Mithilanchal Express flagged off", "text": "The Sitamarhi-Kolkata Mithilanchal Express was flagged off by Sitamarhi MP Arjun Rai on Friday. The services of this train has been extended from Darbhanga. Addressing a meeting at Sitamarhi railway station, the MP congratulated the railway minister and officials concerned for the launch of this train for the convenience of Kolkata-bound passengers. He said a new railway line between Sitamarhi and Muzaffarpur will become functional soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14722053", "title": "Centre bows to Tamil Nadu parties, packs off 27 Lankan airmen to Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buckling under pressure from political parties in Tamil Nadu, the Union government on Friday \"shifted'' the 27 Sri Lankan military personnel being trained at the Tambaram airbase near Chennai to neighbouring Karnataka.\"All Sri Lankan trainees are being sent off today from this station (Tambaram) as per instructions of the defence ministry,'' said a terse statement issued by military authorities in Chennai. A red-faced MoD in New Delhi, in turn, ducked for cover and refused to say anything on the matter.?Sources said the decision to \"abruptly shift'' the 27 Sri Lankan technical stream airmen to Bangalore's Yelahanka airbase was taken \"at the highest level\" in the Centre following mounting protests from political parties in Tamil Nadu.The decision came after TN chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday held the training of Sri Lankan military personnel in the state was \"an insult to Tamil people'' and others like her bitter rival DMK, a part of the UPA government at the Centre, too joined in the anti-Sri Lanka chorus.Later in the day, government sources were at pains to suggest the 27 Sri Lankan personnel had ``completed'' their ``training phase'' at Tambaram and would further continue their nine-month course on ground handling of transport aircraft at Yelahanka.With the discrimination against Sri Lankan Tamils by the majority Sinhalese in the island nation being a hugely emotive issue in Tamil Nadu, the Centre has always had to strike a fine balance between domestic political sensitivities and larger strategic considerations.Even when the Sri Lankan forces were earlier battling the LTTE , India's strategy to provide non-lethal arms and military training to Colombo, coupled with intelligence sharing and `coordinated' naval patrolling, was primarily aimed to counter ever-growing strategic inroads into the island nation by both China and Pakistan .Though India trains soldiers from several countries \u2014 ranging from the Maldives, Mauritius and Mongolia to Botswana , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan \u2014 the facilities extended to Sri Lanka are much more. The premier Indian Military Academy at Dehradun, for instance, has even run 'special courses' to train hundreds of \"gentlemen cadets'' from Sri Lanka.Over the last several years, India has also trained thousands of Sri Lankan personnel at its military institutions ranging from Counter-Insurgency and Jungle Warfare School at Vairengte in Mizoram to School of Artillery at Devlali in Maharashtra, apart from providing specialised naval courses in gunnery, navigation, communication and anti-submarine warfare.Continuing with this diplomatic and military engagement, India and Sri Lanka last September-November had also held their first major naval combat exercise \"SLINEX-11'' in six years, with a total of 16 warships off Trincomalee. The Indian Navy, in recent times, has also done hydro-graphic surveys and salvage operations for Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14725966", "title": "Monsoon showers lash Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Friday brought cheer for Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana as the much awaited monsoon made an onset with light rainfall and thunderstorm, forcing the mercury to dip in some cities. According to the forecast of Chandigarh Meteorological Centre, monsoon has advanced in some parts for now and will cover the entire region in the next two days.Met director Surender Paul said, \"In Chandigarh, a pre-monsoon shower was witnessed on Thursday but there was no rain in other parts of Punjab and Haryana. However, on Friday the southwest monsoon advanced to Chandigarh and some cities of Punjab and Haryana. In the next 48 hours, rain would cover the entire region as the condition for monsoon is favourable.\"On Friday, Ambala in Haryana received the maximum rainfall of 40mm and the temperature came down to 35.2 degrees. In Rohtak, 10mm of rainfall and in Karnal 2mm of rainfall was recorded by 5.30pm. The maximum temperature in Rohtak was recorded at 37.9 and in Karnal it was 33 degrees.In Punjab, Ludhiana and Patiala districts recorded the maximum rainfall of 13mm on Friday afternoon. Maximum temperature in Ludhiana was recorded at 37.6 degrees and it was 35.8 degrees in Patiala. Amritsar recorded 8.4mm rainfall at 8.30am and the mercury fell at 39.8 degrees.Humidity levels too shot up in some parts of both the states. Patiala recorded the maximum humidity of 95% which indicates more rain in the coming days.For Saturday, the weathermen have predicted light to moderate rain or thundershowers at a few places in Haryana and Punjab. Chandigarh would receive more monsoon showers during the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726027", "title": "'Monsoon force may subside marginally'", "text": "PANAJI: Although it may remain cloudy in the next couple of days, the force of the monsoon may subside a wee bit due to an upper air circulation moving towards the west coast.\"The monsoon current is not so strong and the winds are weak,\" a source from the meteorological centre, Altinho, said.The offshore trough in the Arabian sea has weakened, but an upper air circulation, which started in the Bay of Bengal has moved inland towards the west. \"It has moved further inland over Madhya Pradesh,\" the source said.The pattern of rain has been affected by this development. \"There may be some cloud formation and rainfall, but it will not be heavy,\" the source said.Panaji recorded only 5.4mm of rainfall during the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Friday. A few spells of showers are forecasted in the next 24 hours while the warning for fishermen was already lifted some time ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725968", "title": "RTE rule book goes for a toss", "text": "NAGPUR: The Right To Education (RTE) Act rule book seems to have gone for a toss as local education officials zealously try to fill the 25 per cent free quota seats, especially in CBSE schools. In a meeting held on Friday with CBSE principals, education officers declared that admissions will remain open till September 30 and that the distance restrictions for neighbourhood schools be 'overlooked'.Lalit Ramteke, deputy education officer (primary), who addressed the principals, said, \"If seats under the 25 per cent free quota are vacant then admissions cannot be closed, hence we have asked the schools to keep the process open till September 30.\" As per the information available with education officials, 158 admissions (out of 252 applications) have been done at CBSE schools. There are an estimated 1,200 seats available under the 25 per cent quota at CBSE schools.However, CBSE schools cry foul saying the education department has been systematically shifting the goalpost in absolute contravention of an agreed plan. Principal of a popular CBSE school, said, \"In mid-June we had met with the local education department and agreed to the Common Plan (CP). The agreement was to reopen admissions for 25 per cent free seats and the process was to be completed by July 5. It was an administrative nightmare for the top schools but still we (CBSE schools) achieved it, but now they ask us to keep it going till September.\"Director of another school, said, \"CBSE schools had followed the process in good faith because we understand that it is the law now. Only Nagpur schools have stepped forward and agreed to implement the RTE with immediate effect regardless of the difficulties, and the reward we get for playing a fair game is a complete change of rules midway.\"The other change of rule pertains to the neighbourhood school policy which RTE pursues. The state government circular says that an applicant's residence needs to be within 1km of the school, and in case there are no applicants then the school can seek applications from extended neighbourhood. A school principal present in the meeting, said, \"Though the circular does not define 'extended neighbourhood' we were told by deputy director, Mahesh Karajgaonkar, last month that it means 3km. On Friday, we were informed by Ramteke that we must accept applications even if the residence is 5km away. We all feel cheated by education officials who painted a different picture last month and now we are being told something very different.\"Also the 'vacant seats' which officials mention are really the ones which schools were forced to create to meet RTE provisions.Dy Education officer, Ramteke, said, \"Most CBSE schools ignored our earlier calls for meetings and did not go through the details on RTE which is available in the public domain. They had completed admissions in their traditional manner but now RTE is a law and it needs to be followed. I agree that the state government resolution came late but does it mean that we ignore the law? What we are doing is simply following the law and I do not understand how you can complain against it.\"(with inputs from Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726140", "title": "'Parrikar said he'll give me Rs 50 crore for development'", "text": "MARGAO: Things seem to be looking up for the state's commercial capital on the development front. Returning from a meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday, MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva said that the CM has promised 50 crore for the development works in Margao.\"We had a very fruitful meeting. I placed before the chief minister the developmental needs of the city and Parrikar was very receptive to my ideas. He has promised his all-out support for the MMC,\" a happy D'Silva told TOI. The MMC chairperson also prevailed upon the chief minister to engage the services of reputed architectural consultants to prepare a master plan for Margao so as to decongest the city that is currently reeling under severe traffic congestion.D'Silva, in a letter submitted to the chief minister, made a strong pitch for setting up a multi-level parking system in Margao, too.\"My council shall appreciate and also extend full co-operation to the government for (preparing and) implementing a master plan for Margao city, including broadening of city roads and construction of flyovers, etc. Since the council's financial position is not so healthy, the council is unable to take up these projects on its own,\" D'Silva said in the letter, urging the CM to implement these projects \"on a priority basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14727155", "title": "Extension unlikely for impact fee law", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A populist measure for regularizing 15 lakh illegal properties in Gujarat seems to have fallen flat. Even as the deadline of August 19 draws near, the exemptions and rate-cuts have found only a few takers in Gujarat's cities.Interestingly, Gujarat Regularization of Unauthorized Development ( GRUDA) Act, known as the impact fee law, has August 19 as the last date for accepting applications. Post-deadline, municipal authorities will have the powers to run bulldozers over illegal properties.But, with elections round the corner, a demolition job means bad politics. Another option is extending the deadline by amending the law during the one-day assembly session called this month. State urban development minister Nitin Patel said, \"We have no plans to extend the cut off date for the law. As a ministry, we only make laws and now it is for the people to follow them.\"Cities like Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Surat and Vadodara have just a few hundred applicants interested in the scheme. In Ahmedabad, just 617 applicants have approached the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) for regularizing their properties. CG road, which has 52 illegal buildings, has just one applicant. Vadodara has about 400 applications and Surat 250.Interestingly, though the AMC had claimed before the Gujarat high court that there are about five lakh illegal properties in the city, it has sent just a little above 22,000 notices to illegal properties in the city - these were the only illegal properties on AMC's records.\"People think if they apply for regularization AMC will know their illegal status. But they fail to realize that the AMC knows where these properties are located. We can start taking action against such properties after August 19,\" said a senior AMC official.Last week, AMC pulled down 30 illegal structures that were built after March 28 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730456", "title": "Mika does a Paglu", "text": "Paglu thoda sa kaar ley romance\", composed by Jeet Gannguli and sung by Mika and Akriti in \"Paglu\", was nothing short of a rage.This time, Jeet has roped in Mika and Shreya Ghoshal to sing the title track of \" Paglu 2 \", which stars Dev and Koel. \"This one is completely different from \" Paglu \". Mika and Shreya have done a brilliant job. The lyrics of this number have been penned by Priyo Chattopadhyay. The peppy number has an Afro base and goes like \u2014 \"Love you, love you, Paglu\".The first line of the song is gifted to me by Nispal, the producer of the film,\" said Jeet, adding, \"I'm sure this time too the foot-tapping song will be a huge hit among the audience.\" Other playback singers of the film are Zubeen, Akriti Kakkar and Jeet himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727699", "title": "One killed in expressway accident", "text": "PUNE: A 39-year-old man was killed and two others severely injured after the car they were travelling in crashed into a divider at Khandala on the Mumbai-Pune expressway on Thursday night.The Lonavla city police have identified the deceased as Anant Sakharam Pophale, a resident of Vadgaon Dhayari. The injured are Bhanudas Shankar Badavale (45) and Ganesh Bhagwan Patole (44), also of Vadgaon Dhayari. They are being treated at a private hospital in Nigdi.Police sub-inspector Sandip Bhosale of the Lonavla city police station said that the incident took place around 9 pm on Thursday night, when Pophale, Patole and Badavale were returning to Pune by car. \"At Khandala, the driver lost control of the car and hit the road divider near Amrutanjan bridge,\" Bhosale said. Pophale died on the spot. \"The police rushed the injured to hospital,\" Bhosale said.Following the accident, e-way traffic going to Pune was thrown out of gear and restored only after the car was removed from the spot. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726133", "title": "Cong-led opposition set to put govt on the mat", "text": "PANAJI: Around 1,347 questions have been received by the assembly secretariat from members of the state legislative assembly for the monsoon assembly session which will begin next week. July 13 is the last day for MLAs to submit their questions.Speaking to mediapersons, legislature secretary Nilkhant Subhedar said that he has received 1,347 questions for the assembly session so far. \"Out of these, 572 are starred and 801 are unstarred questions,\" he said.As per the business finalized by the business advisory committee (BAC), the monsoon assembly session will have 20 working days. \"Two days for discussion on governor's speech, three days for general discussion on budget and 15 days for demands,\" said Subhedar.He also said that so far, he has received eight government bills and three private member bills to be tabled during the assembly session. Subhedar also said that the BAC has decided to continue government business on Friday, after the private member business is finished.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat (190 questions) and Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardessai (194 questions) lead the list from the opposition side, followed by Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco. St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh has the most questions in Konkani and Marathi. The monsoon session will conclude on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14730481", "title": "UP govt finalises plan for free laptops, tablets", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government's promise of free laptops and tablets came one step closer to being realised on Friday, when the department of secondary education finalised the distributed plan for these gadgets among successful students.Coming exactly a week after the state Cabinet approved the distribution plan, the Friday's decision came with a rider. Laptops and tablets will be distributed in a district on the basis of demands put forth by its district magistrate.In a government order issued on Friday, the secondary education department said institutions will be entirely responsible for preparing the list of beneficiaries. Once submitted to the district administration, the government has also decided to get at least 5% of the beneficiary list verified by a district-level monitoring team. In case the team finds discrepancies, distribution of the laptops and tablets to the entire institution will be stalled until the beneficiary list is verified entirely, again.With distribution of free laptops and tablets promised across UP, the government has also formulated a phased distribution plan that covers, to begin with, government schools and institutions. In the second phase, gadgets will be distributed to government-aided institutions, including Arabic and Persian madrassas recognised by the Madrassa Board and Sanskrit Education Board. In the third phase, distribution will be done to unaided institutions followed by, in the fourth and final phase, CBSE and ICSE recognised schools and institutions.For the free distribution of tablets and laptops to students, the government also set up a Special Project Implementation Unit on Friday. Roping in a five-member team of experts comprising IIT-Kanpur, IIM-Lucknow, National Informatics Centre, UPDESCO and UPECL to decide the technical specifications of the gadgets, the Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited (UPECL) was also appointed nodal agency for purchase, tendering, contracting, timely delivery and pre-dispatch inspection of the laptops and tablets.The nodal agency will also be responsible for ensuring all vendors provide enough technical manpower to ensure at least 5% laptops and tablets are examined before distribution at each tehsil. The government has also suggested that principals of some schools be roped in for technical examination.Once ready for distribution, vendors will have to give demonstrations at every school, where at least one teacher will have to be present. Vendors will also need to set up at least one service centre at every tehsil, apart from supplying an operation manual and a dos and don'ts handout for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730857", "title": "It's all about Biriyani for Venkat Prabhu!", "text": "Director Venkat Prabhu, post a successful 'Mankatha', is now busy scripting for the Karthi-starrer 'Biriyani'. The film is currently in its pre-production stage, it is reported.The filmmaker has said about the film, \"This Biriyani will be loved by both vegetarians and non-vegetarians.\" His usual technical team will be roped in for the project too.Interestingly, it is said that the title Biriyani was inspired by none other than Thala Ajith (with whom the director worked in 'Mankatha'). The actor used to cook biriyani on the sets of that film, thus giving the current flick its title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725974", "title": "Raja allowed to visit constituency for two days", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Friday allowed former telecom minister A Raja, key accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam, to visit his constituency Nilgiris in Tamil Nadu this weekend for two days.Special CBI judge O P Saini granted permission to Raja to go to his native place from Friday evening to Sunday night after taking into consideration that the CBI had not objected to his plea and the case was not listed for Saturday.Raja had moved the plea as the court, while granting him bail on May 15, had imposed certain conditions, including that he would not visit his home state without its permission.\"CBI prosecutor has no objection to the prayer. Since the matter is not listed for tomorrow, prayer is allowed. Accused A Raja is permitted to visit Tamil Nadu from today evening to Sunday night subject to the same conditions as were imposed on him vide order of June 6, 2012,\" the court said.The DMK MP was granted bail by the court holding that his further detention would not serve any purpose as all the other 13 co-accused were out on bail.The court had imposed several conditions on him including a ban on his visit to Tamil Nadu as well as the office of department of telecom (DoT) which he presided over as minister for over three years.Arrested by the CBI on February 2 last year, 49-year-old Raja has been charged with cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and corruption besides criminal breach of trust that entails a maximum punishment of life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727533", "title": "Monsoon march: Punjab paddy output may take 25-lakh-tonne hit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A delayed monsoon has hit paddy sowing in Punjab, the country's grain bowl that contributes 40% of rice to the central pool. Agricultural experts say this could lead to a decline of at least 25 lakh tonnes in rice production. A rain deficit of 83% till July first week has meant that only 13.3lakh hectares are under paddy cultivation. Last year, around the same time, 17.8lakh hectares were under paddy cultivation.P S Rangi, marketing consultant of Punjab State Farmers' Commission, said enough damage had already been done. \"Lack of sufficient water has hit paddy in almost all parts of the state and things may g et worse if monsoon gets delayed further.\"According to Balbir Singh Rajewal, president of the Punjab unit of Bharatiya Kisan Union , rice output is bound to drop this year. \"If it doesn't rain now, and rain well, rice production might go down by at least 20 to 25%.\"On an average, Punjab produces 160 lakh tonnes of paddy, 48 lakh tonnes of sugarcane and 3.5lakh tonnes of maize annually and the conversion rate for paddy into rice is 67%. Arunaba Ghosh, head of the Delhi-based think-tank Council on Energy, Environment and Water, said delay in planting crops means lower yields. Because of the delay in monsoon and slow melting of snow in the higher reaches, water level in Bhakra and Pong dams has dropped drastically, forcing Punjab to consider reduction in water supply to farmers.\"Advisories have been issued to farmers in south-west Punjab to make alternative arrangements . In fact, cotton growers in these regions have more reason to worry. Productivity will be hampered if it doesn't rain for the next week,\" said Dr M S Gill from Panjab Agricultural University , Ludhiana. Meanwhile, farmers are concerned about rising input costs.Shower cheerFriday brought cheer for Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana with light rain and thunderstorm. The Met says monsoon has arrived in some cities and will cover the region in the next two days. The weatherman said, \"Conditions for advance of monsoons are favourable in the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725878", "title": "4 kids on pilgrimage drown in Harohalli lake", "text": "BANGALORE: Four children, including three girls, drowned in Medamaranahalli lake in Harohalli, Ramanagaram district on Friday.The children, who were part of a group of Muslim pilgrims camping at a relative's house in Medamaranahalli village, are said to have gone to the lake in the evening, unaccompanied by any adult.They were identified as Reshma Bhanu, 12, Ayesha Khan , 11, Sania, 8, and Tannu, 6. Reshma and Ayesha were cousins from Badesabaradoddi, near Ramanagaram. Tannu was their relative and resident of Kanakapura.Police are clueless about the details of Sania. They are also yet to ascertain the identity of the parents of the other three children.An unidentified number of families had come to visit a dargah near Medamaranahalli for a religious occasion. After staying awake in the dargah for the entire Thursday night, the families returned to a relative's house in Medamaranahalli at 11am on Friday and went to sleep, Harohalli police said.The four children woke up, stepped out of the house and headed straight to the lake around 4pm. Around 6pm, elders noticed that the children were missing. They were told by some villagers that they had seen the children walking towards the lake.The family members rushed to spot. \"The children's chappals were found on the banks. Local divers fished out the bodies,\" Harohalli police said.\"The families were ready to shift the bodies. They were not ready to file a police complaint as they did not want the postmortem to be conducted. Upon much convincing, they agreed to the formalities,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14731440", "title": "Woman lawyer files defamation case against cops", "text": "MUMBAI: In a rare instance, a woman lawyer filed a defamation case against two police officers for outraging her modesty and calling her liar after she filed a complaint against another lawyer.Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate P G Patil summoned police officers, Somdutt Khandare and Yeshwant Thorawade to face trial in the defamation case.The court also issued a notice to Senior Police Inspector Deepak Dhole from the Azad Maidan police station and asked him to file a reply on July 18 explaining the 'false' report filed by his officers.On December 20, 2010, 26-year-old accompanied a senior lawyer under who she was interning to the Bombay Hight Court for the hearing in a case.Another lawyer who was arguing the case against her senior allegedly abused her. Following this she filed a complaint against the lawyer on charges of outraging the modesty of a woman.However, in June 2011, the police filed a summary 'B' report which stated that the woman lawyer's case was false and she was attempting to malign the lawyer. She then sought details of the investigation and found that the police had faltered. She then moved the HC seeking transfer of case from Azad Maidan and also sought action against the officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727152", "title": "Govt seeks cancellation of history-sheeters' bail", "text": "PATNA: The state government has filed applications in Patna high court for the cancellation of bail granted to more than 100 hardened criminals. There are around 300 history-sheeters out on bail and the move aims at sending them behind the bars due to their involvement in crime after getting bail by respective courts.Additional advocate general (AAG) Lalit Kishore said the state government's move to rein in the criminals aims at improving the law and order in the state. The government is reviewing the cases separately, he said, adding that one additional public prosecutor (APP) has been deputed for every two districts to find out how many such criminals are out on bail.A cell, headed by IG (BMP), has been set up to monitor all such cases. The process includes verification of all relevant documents and ensuring that all the SPs send the relevant papers to the monitoring cell. A list of all such criminals was sent to the state DGP by the SPs concerned. The list was then forwarded to the court, the AAG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725912", "title": "HC disposes of Ram Jhula plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday disposed of the plea on the cable-stayed bridge, popularly known as Ram Jhula, after Maharashtra government submitted an affidavit that it would be completed by October 13, 2014. A division bench comprising justices P Hardas and ML Tahaliyani noted views of all sides before taking the final decision on the PIL filed by Nagpur Chamber of Commerce Limited (NCCL). The government's move came after AFCONS Infrastructure, which is building the six-lane bridge, assured to complete the project.NCCL had filed the plea as a last resort to restart the stalled work on Ram Jhula, the cable-stayed railway overbridge near Santra Market. They urged the high court to direct AFCONS Infrastructure to execute the work as per the agreement on January 17, 2006. NCCL had highlighted that work tender was allotted to AFCONS on January 25, 2006. The project was to be completed in 42 months.However, even after extensions, only 30% work has been completed in the last five years. The cable-stayed bridge is not complete despite crores of rupees spent on the project and the cost escalating each day. Even Vidarbha Taxpayers Association ( VTA) had filed an intervention to represent the voice of taxpayers, whose money is being wasted owing to delay in its completion.Former Congress MLA Anees Ahmed had also joined the bandwagon, praying for an enquiry against the officers responsible for the delay and directives to recover the escalated cost of the project. The ambitious Ram Jhula project, just 0.6km in length, connects the eastern and western parts of Nagpur, which are separated by a railway line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725364", "title": "New norms for leprosy patients", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday released new norms for management of leprosy-affected patients. The guidelines come at a time when the state is seeing an increase in the number of new leprosy cases.A drive carried by the health department in 2011-12 showed that a total of 17,892 cases were detected in Maharashtra, of which 331 fell under grade II category. Which means that these patients have developed 'claw hands' and ulcers owing to severe nerve damage. \"WHO norms say the grade II cases should be less than 1%, but this year the number has risen to 1.8%,\" said Dr Pradeep Gaikwad, joint director of leprosy division, state directorate of health services.\"WHO's strategy for the next five years is to reduce leprosy-induced disability by 35%,\" said Dr Atul Shah, director, Novartis Comprehensive Leprosy Care Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730845", "title": "Bhikhari Thakur\u2019s Bhojpuri legacy goes international", "text": "The Mauritius PM rcently released a Bhojpuri album of the legendary poet's songs, rendered by singer Kalpana PatowaryPoet, writer and doyen of Bhojpuri theatre, Bhikhari Thakur's ballads and folk songs are garnering huge appreciation in places as far apart as Mauritius and France. A musical album titled \"The Legacy of Bhikhari Thakur\" was released by Mauritius Prime Minister Anil Kumar Bachoo at a function in Port Louis in Mauritius earlier this month. Singer Kalpana Patowary launched the musical documentation album with nine tracks.It will be launched in London in August and later in the year in Trinidad and South Africa. The album is even available online and has evoked a lot of interest on the web.Bhojpuri is understood and spoken in Mauritius, Trinidad, South Africa, Suriname, Guyana, Fiji as well as among the migrant communities in Canada, the US, Britain and Australia.\"I want Bhojpuri music to go international. In Mauritius people of Indian origin speak traditional Bhojpuri - the original Bhojpuri as it was spoken a 100 years ago. It is now mixed with some Creole and French words,\" said Kalpana, and added, \"The 'bidesi' songs of migration - of leaving the family home and going away to find work, touch a deep chord among the listeners.\"Kalpana tried to locate the old songs of Bhikhari Thakur talking to folk artistes and singers in the small towns and villages of Bihar. But it was a fortuitous meeting with an old man in a remote village called Bakhorapur in Arrah district, Bihar that opened the wealth of Bhikhari Thakur's oeuvre for her. Kalpana was in the village for a cultural show when a few local artistes were called to sing a few songs before she began her own performance. Among the singers was a 95-year-old artiste, whose rustic songs had a very different presentation that had a powerful appeal.It turned out that he was from the original Bhikhari Thakur mandali. He helped Kalpana record many of the legendary poet's songs in their original 'thekas' (rhythms) and style of presentation. Kalpana could extract additional information through \"Bhikhari Thakur Rachnawali\", the only written material about the great folk traditionalist, also called the Shakespeare of Bhojpuri literature for he led the renaissance in Bhojpuri folk music and launched a folk theatre movement.Shubha Singh (IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725705", "title": "Rail-over-bridge delayed as Water Board, GHMC play blame game", "text": "HYDERABAD: The proposed rail-over-bridge (RoB) at Kandikal Gate in the Old City is progressing at a slow pace as water and sewer lines at the location have not yet been shifted.The RoB was meant to ease traffic problems of citizens of the Old City and surrounding areas, but the project has been getting delayed due to various reasons for the past three years. \"The GHMC has submitted designs for the proposed RoB to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) for shifting water and sewer lines, but the Water Board officials have not yet taken steps in this direction. We have deposited the amount for shifting the lines with the Water Board in two installments,\" GHMC enginee-in-chief (E-in-C) R Dhan Singh told TOI.On the other hand, Water Board officials claim that the civic body was yet to hand over land for shifting the lines. \"We are facing hurdles to remove/demolish properties (structures) on both sides of the bridge. A temple has become a major hurdle. We are removing structures one by one on the right of way,\" the official added.When contacted, HMWS&SB; general manager (O&M; Division-II) S V Ramana said they would have to shift a sewer line between Chatrinaka and Kandikal Gate and a water line between Ailabad and Kandikal Gate. \"Tender process for the Rs 95 lakh worth work has been completed. New pipes have also been kept ready at the location. We will lay them once the GHMC hands over the stretch,\" he added. The Water Board has sent several reminders to the GHMC to hand over the stretch to lay both water and sewer lines. However, the GHMC has failed to do it.In 2007, the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had laid the foundation stone for the proposed RoB at Kandikal Gate. As per schedule, the GHMC has to complete the work by 2013 at a cost of Rs 27 crore. Once the ROB gets commissioned, traffic problems in Falaknuma, Chatrinaka, Gowlipura, Sultan Shahi and Charminar would ease to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725880", "title": "Free delivery scheme dumped within two yrs", "text": "NAGPUR: On one hand the Central and state governments claim to be serious about reducing infant and maternity deaths while on the other hand it is closing down schemes launched in this regard. In one such move, the government has dumped the free delivery scheme launched for women from financially backward families in 2009-10.Confirming this, NMC's health officer (medical), Dr Savita Meshram, told TOI that the government has not sent any communication about continuation of the scheme this fiscal. \"NMC was given approval to undertake 2,000 cases per year. The government was to give approval in April every year for continuation of the scheme but no such communication has been received till date. In fact, there was no approval even in 2011-12 but only assurances for its continuation. Since no communication has come, it implies the scheme has been discontinued,\" she said.The scheme proved beneficial for women coming from financially backward families, especially below poverty line ( BPL ). The Centre implemented an excellent scheme - Reproductive and Child Health Programme (RCH) and Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) to minimize infants and maternity deaths. Later, the Centre came up with Accreditation of Private Hospitals for Free Delivery of Urban Slum Poor Women in 2009-10.NMC implemented the scheme in October 2009. The highlight of the scheme was free delivery in private hospitals. Under the scheme, NMC had registered 98 private hospitals on its panels and paid them Rs3,400 per delivery in case of normal and Rs4,900 in case of caesarean delivery. The beneficiary woman was given Rs600 for ensuring good health post delivery. The scheme was a great success as needy women got good treatment in private hospitals.The contribution of the government and NMC was Rs1,700 each in normal delivery cases. In caesarean cases, the additional amount of Rs1,500 was granted by the government.Unfortunately, the scheme came into controversy following an expose. Some private hospitals were found minting money by showing bogus cases, but the NMC officials ruled out any setback to the scheme.Dr Savita Meshram further said the Centre has launched another scheme- Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) which might be a replacement for the free delivery scheme. \"Under this scheme, NMC is going to perform free delivery in its two hospitals - Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya and Panchpaoli Sutikagruh. The scheme is not valid for private hospitals,\" she said.Actually, the NMC had decided to continue the scheme in 2011-12 had the government dumped it then. The then chairman of standing committee, Sandip Joshi, had even made an announcement in this regard as the scheme required less funds.Joshi told TOI that the hospitals were not ready to continue the scheme at original rates. \"The health department held meetings with hospitals that denied to provide the service at subsidized rates. A serious question now arises as to how these hospitals provided the service for those two years. As such, one cannot rule out recovery of additional money from the beneficiaries or registry of bogus cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731165", "title": "Nursery admissions leave parents perplexed", "text": "A Ranchi parent was asked this question at the nursery admission of his child!When businessman Raghav Jain went for his kid's admission to a prominent city school, he was shocked out of his wits. The principal asked who among his children does he favour more! As if this wasn't enough, he was also quizzed about which games he, as a child, used to play and whether he would like to teach his child to play them!Jain is among the many hassled parents in Ranchi who have been subjected to bizarre questions during the parent-teacher interactions at the nursery admission. Says Jain, \"This awkward interaction session is almost like ragging and used as a process of elimination to accommodate those who play a hefty donation.\"In 2007, when Supreme Court ruled out conducting exams or interviews for parents before the nursery admission, schools replaced them with interaction sessions and panel discussions. These were supposedly meant only to verify documents submitted by parents. In reality, the sessions have turned into nightmares for parents. Shweta Singh, a homemaker, felt her privacy was intruded when she was asked questions that needed her to reveal 90% about her personal life. Says Singh, \"I was asked how many hours I clock in the kitchen or in front of the television. Schools use this ploy to show how dedicated they are but it translates into harassment for us.\"Entrepreneur Vishal Sagar (name changed) had a harrowing time during the admission of his kid. \"I was asked questions about my family background, academic performances and even my office hours. Had I had gone for an interrogation with the cops?\" Sagar wonders. Businessman Asif Khaitan, who recently got his daughter admitted, says, \"My wife and I had to visit a school seven times before she finally got admitted.\" Says Mamta Jha, a homemaker, \"To create a good first impression, I bought a designer sari and wore diamond jewellery. I also made my husband wear branded stuff. The admission process is also a test of one's status.\"Principals of prestigious city schools, however, say that the sessions give a better understanding of the parent's grooming of the child. Says Father Ajit Xess, principal at St Xavier's School, says, \"After parents fill up the application forms, I hold an interaction session with them. This is followed by interaction of the vice principal with the kid and the parents. We make parents fill up a questionnaire to get the details in writing. Questioning parents about their academic performance and extra-curricular interests only helps the teacher to impart better education. We want to know the ambition of parents. As for the shortage of seats, this can be resolved if the government comes up with more playschools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14727384", "title": "\u2018Entry mafia\u2019 thrive, govt suffers losses", "text": "ARARIA: The ever increasing tentacles of the 'entry mafia', which is allegedly ruling the roost in transport department here, is causing huge revenue loss every week to the state government by facilitating and conniving at illegal plying of vehicles and allowing passage to overloaded trucks through 4 km corridor on National Highway No 31 in Kishanganj district.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, while in additional charge of Kishanganj district, has in a letter to the Kishanganj district magistrate (DM) from Kishanganj office of the SP on May 28, 2012, has literally taken the lid off the flourishing racket in the evasion of taxes by the transporters. The SP has forwarded the copies of the letter, which also in the process opens the can of worms in the transport department, to Purnia divisional commissioner, range DIG and others.SP Lande came across the flourishing racket during surprise check on the NH-31 on May 26 &amp; 27 in Kishanganj. He has, in his letter, focussed on the modus operandi of the 'entry mafia' whose network is speareagled to Dalkhola, Islampur, Siliguri ( West Bengal ), Gulabbagh, Thana Bihpur, Naughachia ( Bihar).The members of the mafia extract their pound of flesh from truckers who have to meander through the 4km long corridor in Kishanganj district. In return, they facilitate them unfettered passage through NH-31.The truckers often do not have valid permits, the trucks are invariably overloaded and blatantly evade the tax they owe to the state, the SP pointed out in his letter.\"Amazingly, the mafia operate from the cluster of roadside hotels on NH-31 on two sides of Kishanganj district headquarters. They are inveigled, propelled and propped up by the local transport officials only,\" the SP says in the letter. They are always at the beck and call of the transport officials and are in constant touch with each other over cell phones and have coded messages. They have evolved a near fool-proof mechanism in this regard, the letter divulges.In the event, truckers turn out to be recalcitrant and try to dig in their heels, the members of the mafia convey the truck numbers and other details on cellphones or through SMS to the transport officials. They are invariably caught and forced to shell out huge sums.The SP had detained three members of the entry mafia at Faringola on Bihar-West Bengal border with a slew of cell phones, which also had many coded messages in the inbox. They were audacious enough to masquerade as transport officials, the SP told TOI on Friday.Though some deterrent steps were taken in the past to bridle the 'entry mafia', these steps were only half-hearted and showcased their incapacity to firm up against them. The entry mafia is back to square one again and the state continues to be plundered of its revenues day.The commercial-taxes department, has recently indicated opening of a commercial tax toll plaza near Dalkhola on NH -31, some 30 km from here, soon to stop rampant evasion. But, the toll plaza near Dalkhola can not pry on trucks coming from Kolkata side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14730331", "title": "Amazon to enter smartphone market: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amazon, known for its Kindle Fire tablet, is planning to build its own smartphone, according to a report.A Bloomberg report, citing \"people familiar with knowledge of the matter,\" said that Amazon would be developing Android devices.Sources also claimed that the new devices would be developed by Foxconn , the biggest manufacture of Apple iPhones.According to The Washington Post, the smartphone market comes with its own additional difficulties, namely dealing with carrier partners.For its Kindle readers, Amazon has bought service from cellular networks in bulk, which is slightly different than the way most smartphone makers get service for their devices.According to the paper, another major issue is competition as the tablet market is very different from the smartphone market.Amazon was able to waltz in with the Kindle Fire at a price point it picked because there were few standout options in that part of the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727105", "title": "Cops bust sex racket running from government flat", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of two young girls and four boys, police on Friday claimed to have busted a sex racket running from a state government flat at Rajvanshi Nagar under the Shastrinagar police station area in the city.Shastrinagar police station SHO Vidyasagar said the flat was vacant. Police were tipped off about the sex racket going on for the past 10 days.DSP (Sachivalaya) Manish Kumar said police recovered condoms, cellphones and cash from the possession of arrested persons. He said the flat's caretaker, Shravan, would be arrested for allowing the boys and girls to use the flat. The arrested girls and boys were being interrogated to identify the persons behind the racket, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730409", "title": "Kolkata's hotties and the chill factor", "text": "They're hot and happening but of late, they've decided to give the hippest joints of the city a miss, opting for alternate ways of having a good timeNUSRAT JAHAN ACTOR Though I used to party earlier, nowadays I don't feel like it at all. I chill out at home in my shorts, an old tee, with my hair pulled back and non-stop movie marathon. It's so much more peaceful. No loud music, no dressing up in gaudy clothes and worrying about party etiquettes! I feel the best parties can happen at home.TINA MODEL With a clampdown on party hours, I feel the best way to enjoy is go for a late night movie with friends, follow it up with a drive and then stopping at a dhaba for some chai during the wee hours. We sometimes also crash at our friends' places for a roti-tadka dinner and endless hours of gossiping!SONIKA CHAUHAN MODEL My favourite chill-out zones are my friends' places. We are mostly on our own and can thus listen to loud music, break into a dance now and then and go on till as long as we want. We treat our hangouts more like picnics than parties. Friends take turn in rustling up yummy grub every time we meet.KONEENICA BANERJEE ACTOR I actually feel relieved with parties becoming few and far between. I'm glad that I don't have to spend hours behind my outfit and makeup and, of course, huge amounts of money. However, that said, I do enjoy dropping by at pool parties. Those have a more relaxed ambience and are low on the hype but high on the enjoyment factor. As told to Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726116", "title": "Final call on Western Ghat expert panel report next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is going to decide on the controversial Western Ghat ecology expert panel report next week, with the Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan calling an internal meeting of ministry officials to take a final view.The Madhav Gadgil-headed panel had presented a voluminous report on how to protect the bio-diverse Western Ghats that spread through Gujarat in the north to Kerala in the south. It recommended limiting and strictly regulating industrialization and development across the hills. The Commission suggested three tiers of ecologically sensitive areas with various degrees of restriction to be imposed across the 174,700-sq km complex.Its recommendations like asking all mining activities to be stopped in almost 60% of the area and no new mines being opened in another 15% of the terrain had the state governments up in arms. The Centre dilly dallied on the report, with the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) refusing to put it in public domain till orders under the RTI Act forced it. Rapped by the transparency mechanism, it sought comments from all, including the state governments.Simultaneously, the Centre blocked an attempt to have the report forced on it as a fait accompli when the Unesco panel asked it to incorporate the recommendations into the administration of the Western Ghats as a pre-condition for giving the World Heritage tag. The MoEF said that the panel report was still under review, and it would be premature to incorporate its elements.Back home, the angry states found an ally in the Planning Commission willing to hold a meeting of the stakeholders and wishing to reconcile the views of the state governments with the report's strong recommendations. This miffed the MoEF since it found the Plan panel's move an attempt to circumvent open discussions with stakeholders besides the state administrations.Sources told TOI that Natarajan has asked the ministry officials, including the environment secretary, to hold a meeting with her next week, where a final view would be taken on how to implement the parts of the report it is willing to comply with.Kerala has responded strongly against the report's recommendations, while Tamil Nadu is yet to send a complete response yet, sources said. None of the states are keen on a full implementation of the report.The central government is empowered under the Environment Protection Act, 1986, to establish the Ecologically Sensitive Areas across the country where development activities may be regulated - it has been done previously in some cases. The Supreme Court's orders to create such areas around the existing national parks and sanctuaries have also been opposed by the states in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727302", "title": "Bihar registers sustained economic growth", "text": "PATNA: As a positive indicator of state's economic growth, its per capita gross state domestic product (GSDP) at current and constant prices has shown sustained increase over the last seven fiscals and it also has its impact on the per capita gross district domestic product (GDDP) of various districts during the same period. However, among districts, Patna tops the list and Sheohar occupies the lowest place in per capita government investment.According to economics and statistics directorate sources, the sector-wise composition of the state's GSDP at 2004-05 constant prices for 2010-11 period shows that the share of primary sector is 64%, of the secondary sector 15% and of the tertiary sector is 21%. This, of course, has been computed on the basis of mainly government investment in various sectors of the economy.While per capita GSDP of the state at current prices increased from Rs 8,637 in 2004-05 financial year to Rs 20,351 in 2010-11, the same at 2004-05 constant prices increased from Rs 8,637 in 2004-05 to Rs 13,820 in 2010-11.On the other hand, per capita GSDP of the state at current prices crossed the psychological barrier of Rs 10,000 mark in 2006-07 and stood at Rs 11,115 . Similarly, at 2004-05 constant prices, per capita GSDP crossed Rs 10,000 mark in 2007-08 and stood at Rs 10,643.However, as far as per capita GDDP is concerned, Patna district with its per capita GDDP at Rs 49,765 tops the list of 38 districts and Sheohar with its per capita GDDP of Rs 5,647 district is at the lowest rung. The per capita GDDP of Patna district in south Bihar is almost nine times that of Sheohar district in north Bihar.The dichotomy between the top and bottom districts, notwithstanding, planning and development department principal secretary Vijay Prakash said, \"The gap between the per capita GDDP of the two districts is quite obvious. What, however, is also obvious is that the gap in government investment in 36 other districts is not so wide and uneven, as is between the top Patna and lowest Sheohar. It should be taken as a positive indicator of the state's economy, since the fruits of the growing economy have trickled down to other districts, too. By and large, no district has been left out.\"As it is, the per capita GDDP of four districts is in the range of Rs 16,154 (Munger) and Rs 10,058 (Muzaffarpur), of four others in the range of Rs 9,842 (Rohtas) to Rs 9,053 (Bhojpur), of five in the range of Rs 8,995 (Gaya) and Rs 8,476 (Saharsa), of 15 in the range of Rs 7,974 (Kaimur ) and Rs 7,095 (Banka), and of the remaining eight districts are in the range of Rs 6,995 (Nawada) and Rs 6,122 (Sitamarhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725258", "title": "Barack Obama launches anti-offshoring ads on TV", "text": "BANGALORE: Some had predicted that the anti-offshoring campaign in the US would become more intense closer to the presidential elections in November. That's indeed what's happening.The Democrats under US president Barack Obama have just launched a 30-second TV campaign titled 'Believes', which talks about how Obama insourced jobs, while Republican rival Mitt Romney shipped them to low-wage countries during his tenure at Bain Capital . The narrator in the ad says Obama kept jobs in the US by saving the auto industry and gave tax breaks to companies that kept jobs there. The ad is currently being aired in nine states.The US Congress is also set to vote on a bill called the Bring Jobs Home Act, which will end tax breaks for firms that move jobs overseas and provide an incentive for those moving jobs back to the US by giving them a tax credit equal to 20% of the cost associated with bringing the jobs and business activity back to the US. The bill is sponsored by two Democratic lawmakers and supported by the largest federation of trade unions in the US.The US's offshoring concerns relate both to the manufacturing side, where the country has lost out to China in particular, and to the services side, where the Indian IT-BPO industry has been a big beneficiary.Phaneesh Murthy, CEO of iGate, says corporate America would react to the offshoring campaign in three ways: \"Some enterprises will not bother about the campaign and will continue to outsource their requirements to India. Some will offshore, but will keep it quiet. And some will stop all offshoring till the elections are over.\"Som Mittal, president of IT industry body Nasscom, dismisses the campaign saying such campaigns had been happening for many years. \"They are mostly targeted at the opposition. We need not take much notice of these things. Rather it is important for us to concentrate on how to be competitive in a tough, highly volatile economic scenario, how to improve customer relationships and how to enhance the quality of our deliverables.''Amneet Singh, VP at global outsourcing advisory Everest Group, says Indian companies are much more resilient today and don't get swayed by such campaigns.But Indian companies have already been hit in some ways. In August 2010, the US government passed a bill that raised fees for H1-B and L1 visas by $2,000 to fund its Mexican border security costs for five years. This raised costs for Indian IT companies that use these visas to send employees to the US on work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727708", "title": "Approver tells court to make him accused", "text": "PUNE: The public prosecutor's argument in the Nayana Pujari gang-rape-cum-murder case received a major set back on Friday after Rajesh Chaudhary, an accused-turned-approver, requested the court to make him an accused in the case.Chaudhary has submitted an application to the principal district and sessions judge, Anant Badar, in this regard.Pujari (28), a software engineer, was kidnapped from outside her office in Kharadi by four people on October 7, 2009. Her body was found the next day in the Zarewadi forest, about 50 km from here. The city crime branch had arrested Yogesh Raut, the main suspect, Mahesh Thakur, Vishwas Kadam and Chaudhary for their involvement in the heinous crime. However, Raut managed to escape from police custody when he was taken to Sassoon hospital on September 17, 2011.Chaudhary in his application has alleged that the police had forced him to become an approver in the case. His confessional statement recorded earlier was prepared by the police and the police forced him to record the same in the court, the application said. Chaudhary said the police lured him in doing so by taking advantage of his poor financial condition. \"I had turned an approver in the case because of police pressure. Now, I request the court to make me a co-accused in the case again,\" Chaudhary's statement on Friday said.But a source in the court said Chaudhary had taken the decision due threats to his parents from the absconding accused, Yogesh Raut.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar told TOI that the judge had told the prosecution to file a say in the matter by July 21.Nimbalkar said, \"I will be meeting police commissioner Gulabrao Pol to request him to expedite search for Raut.\"Earlier on June 22, Chaudhary had filed an application before the court, through his lawyer Biswajeet Patil, urging it to make him an approver in the case as he was repenting his act.The then principal and district judge on July 19, 2011, considered his request under section 307 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. At the time of making the confessional statement, the judge had ordered Chaudhary to disclose all details pertaining to the case. His confessional statement, which was recorded before the judicial magistrate first class S M Padolikar under section 164 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, stated that the accused involved in the Pujari case had earlier raped three other women , while one was raped and murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725835", "title": "Cops\u2019 pub drive can hurt tourism: Minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Union minister for tourism Subodh Kant Sahai has expressed apprehensions over the city police's drive against pubs and bars, saying it could stem the inflow of tourists.During his Mumbai visit, Sahai told TOI: \"I am aware that ACP Vasant Dhoble (of the social service branch, which is conducting the drive against pubs and bars) comes with strong credentials as being incorruptible. I feel the intention is good but the methods being employed are erroneous. We may impress upon youngsters the need to stay away from certain things. But this has to be done by persuasion and not force. Besides, a sense of fear will be instilled in tourists who will then skirt the city, causing loss of revenue. Already, local youths say they have given up going out like they used to.\"A delegation, led by Youth Congress leader from Bandra Rahul Kanal, met Sahai during his stopover in the city to highlight that Mumbai's nightlife was under threat due to the police drive. The team urged him that the home department led by R R Patil should \"concentrate on providing security to citizens instead of targeting establishments\".Appreciating their concerns, Sahai spoke of his efforts to create \"night bazaars\" in the four metros. \"Several international tourists ask where they can get a glimpse of Indian culture while savouring dinner in a city. There isn't a single place that I can point them to. This is why we are proposing a plan to institute night bazaars across the country,\" he said. \"If the commercial capital of the country cannot provide suitable enjoyment to hardworking youngsters at the end of a day, it is a sorry state of affairs.\"Sahai is conversant with Mumbai given that he owns an apartment in Andheri. Relief for revellers at Juhu partyThe police told a special NDPS court on Friday that revellers at the Juhu 'rave' party who tested positive for drugs would be booked only for consumption of contraband. This comes as a welcome relief for the party-goers as it is a bailable offence. The court was hearing the anticipatory bail application of 13 people out of 44 people who have tested positive for drugs. The court dismissed all the applications apart from that of the trio who has been booked for conspiracy under NDPS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726434", "title": "Court acquits 4 rape accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pulling up Delhi Police for a shoddy probe, a trial court has acquitted four persons accused of gang-raping a girl. While recommending action against the police officers, the court said the cops lacked sensitivity and diligence while conducting the probe.\"The case relates to the gang rape of a child victim and more sensitivity and diligence was expected of investigating officers. An appropriate action is desirable against the erring police officers,\" additional sessions Judge Illa Rawat said while acquitting the four accused \u2014 Kapil Sharma, Jai Prakash, Bablu and Vikrant.The court acquitted the accused \u2014 all Delhi residents\u2014 giving them the benefit of doubt as the victim failed to identify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729917", "title": "Amy Winehouse\u2019s new albums to be released", "text": "Amy Winehouse's two posthumous albums of cover versions are set to be released.The 27-year-old singer who died in July last year hit the top of the charts in December with ' Lioness:Hidden Treasures ', a collection of previously-unheard tracks. Now, her father Mitch has revealed to her fans that they could get the chance to hear even more of her material in the future. \"I'm not sure that there is much more but I'm sure that we will get at least one other album out, if not two,\" the Daily Express quoted her father as telling BBC 6 Music.\"There is (sic) loads of covers, loads of them, but the problem is we don't wanna (sic) rip anybody off. When her fans are so precious to us we don't want to put out dross,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14727916", "title": "HC rules in favour of NCP for Thane opposition leader post", "text": "THANE: The power struggle in the Thane Municipal Corporation was put to a certain ease by the Bombay high court on Friday as it upheld the plea of the NCP to be the rightful claimant to the post of leader of the opposition in the TMC.The issue had turned into a major political row in the lake city as the Nationalist Congress Party, which is second largest party in the TMC with 34 members elected in the civic polls held in February 2012, was upset with its ally-Congress and the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP here for having worked out an arrangement to deny them this post.NCP's Jitendra Awhad, Hanumant Jagdale and Sanjay Bhoir had contested the decision of the Mayor Harishchandra Patil to appoint Congressman Manoj Shinde as the leader of the opposition, overlooking the fact that the Congress strength in the 130-seat civic house was a mere 16 as against 34 of the NCP.The NCP had approached the Supreme Court on this issue and sometime in April-May had secured a stay order on the appointment of Shinde as the leader of opposition in Thane corporation. On Friday, a division bench of Justice's Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar ruled in favour of the NCP and upheld the argument that they had the adequate strength to be in the chair of the leader of the opposition.The court tossed out the argument by the counsels of the ruling Shiv Sena who claimed that the Mayor's decision was based on the claim staked by the Congress party on March 18. It was pointed out to the court that the Mayor announced Shinde's candidature as only the Congress party had staked claim to the seat. The NCP had not claimed the post, they argued.Political observers said it was a deft move on part of Sena leader Eknath Shinde to keep out the NCP, which is gaining clout in Thane, by teaming up with the Congress. The Sena-BJP does not have the adequate strength in the TMC to decide on appointment of chairperson to standing committee or to take a final decision on any proposal tabled in the general body of the corporation or the standing committee.After the MNS, which initially extended support to the Sena at the time of electing the Mayor and deputy mayor, backed out and gave a written undertaking to align with the NCP here, the Sena successfully wooed the Congress.However, the court ruling will now upset the calculations of the Sena leaders. While he NCP camp is in a celebratory mood post the high court judgment, the Congress functionaries here are said to be sore with the NCP on this issue.Veteran corporator Hanumant Jagdale is likely to be nominated by the NCP as its candidate for the post of leader of the opposition in the TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725998", "title": "Cops show up at Nyay Mandir but lawyers say not enough", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after sensational attack on the witnesses at Nagpur's district and sessions court, cops made a token presence at Nyay Mandir premises but failed to impress the the legal fraternity. President of District Bar Association (DBA) Sudeep Jaiswal said, \"a meeting which the commissioner of police was going to attend was to be held at the district court. Because of that a show of tight security was made. In reality, there was no realization of the gravity of the situation. It was a superficial show put up for the commissioner.\"Another observer stated that some cops posted at Nyay Mandir acted like agents of lawyers and were paid commission for getting clients for them. So they pay no attention to who comes and goes. Also, lawyers thought even this little security will prevail for about a week or so with the cops pretending to be alert and things would get back to square one after that.Ex-DBA secretary Prakash Jaiswal was shocked to notice that the number of constables was less compared to Thursday. \"It seemed as if nothing had happened. There was no seriousness and everything was as casual as ever,\" he remarked. Additional district government pleader Varsha Aglave also seemed very dissatisfied. \"There was no improvement and there is a careless attitude among most of the constables. They keep listening to songs and play games on their phones or keep chit-chatting with each other. Nobody is concerned about keeping a watch on visitors or checking purpose of their visit. Some cops are so out of shape that they can't even run a few dozen metres if need be. Lady constables keep gossiping and there is no sense of safety at the court. Most eyewitnesses are threatened near the court premises because they are not provided with any security and they turn hostile at the last minute,\" she added.\"There is a definite and a well-planned security blueprint with the police. It was formulated in 2009 but no one knows why has it not been implemented,\" she added.\"It was a minor incident and it was blown out of proportion. To look into the security matters, a meeting was held wherein the commissioner declared the major steps will be taken,\" said principal district and session's judge Subhash Mohod.However, some lawyers noticed a change. \"Though I saw the metal detectors, they were not activated. The scenario was different today with cops being more attentive and alert. Entry from the main gate was restricted and people were being checked thoroughly,\" said lawyer Ayush Sharma. VL Kohle mentioned that in the morning hours, everything seemed casual and as it always is but in the evening hours he saw the metal detectors at all gates. Former DBA president Dipak Kohle too felt security was better than before. \"The security on the main gate was more and the security-staff was more in number,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14725127", "title": "Wimbledon 2012: Roger Federer keeps his dream of equalling Sampras' record alive", "text": "LONDON: On a dark, cloudy afternoon at the All England Club with a storm brewing overhead and the roof drawn firmly over the Centre Court, six-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer came up with a cautious mix of resilience and range to stop defending champion and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic 6-3, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3 in the semifinals.In the final on Sunday, Federer will play fourth-seeded home-hope Andy Murray , who beat Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-3, 6-4, 3-6, 7-5 to become the first Briton in 74 years to make the Wimbledon final.Victory on Sunday will take the 30-year-old level with Pete Sampras' record of seven Wimbledon wins, allow him to reclaim the world number one ranking and clinch a 17th career Grand Slam crown.Cheered on by India's champion batsman Sachin Tendulkar , seated in the royal box, Federer, who led Djokovic 14-12 in head-to-head clashes going into the semifinal, but having lost six of their last seven meetings, refused to back off against a player, who sparkled in patches.Federer, who stormed into a record eighth final at SW19, said, \"I am obviously ecstatic with the win. It has been a tough tournament. The first two sets went very quickly. Then in the third set I may be stepped it up a little and may be even got a little lucky. It was nice beating Novak who has done so well here. It's great to be in another Wimbledon final, I've had my share of tough losses here, especially in the last two years when I lost to Berdych and Tsonga, so this feels good.\"Djokovic made no excuses for his loss. \"Until the end of the third set I thought we were pretty even. We split sets and we both had break point opportunities in the third set. Then my first serve percentage dropped. I had a bad service game at 5-4. Roger played well. At important moments in the match he was aggressive. That's what you expect when you play him. I expected that of myself too, but I wasn't there today.\"If the first two sets of the first semifinal were all about settling down, trading strokes and holding serves, with the players splitting the spoils, the third set was about getting ahead and establishing a hold on the match.Federer got a couple of chances to breakaway in the fourth game of the third set. The first chance came at 15-30, but the 30-year-old artist-athlete bungled with his forehand when he was presented with a second serve that sat up beautifully. Federer repeated the error in execution two points later at 30-40 when he sent another forehand wide.In the sixth game, the window of opportunity opened once more for Federer when Djokovic double faulted, his second of the match, at 30-30. Then in a 23-shot rally, where it appeared that the world no. 1 was defending territory, Djokovic came up with his most aggressive tennis of the match to bring the game back to deuce.Up in the players' box, Djokovic's girlfriend Jelena Ristic, in an electric blue wrap, was on her feet. After the fourth deuce of the game, Federer rifled one those elegant single fisted backhands of his to close out a 25-shot rally that gave him another breakpoint. Djokovic, however, refused to dance, staying his ground and holding serve.In the ninth game the Serbian joker enjoyed a breakpoint opportunity, but Federer slammed three good first serves in succession to take a 5-4 lead. In the following game, the ace veteran had two chances to break after Djokovic sent a routine overhead long. The Serbian saved the first with a good serve, but Federer thumped an overhead in a this-is-how-you-do-it manner to wrap-up the set at 6-4.With the full house firmly behind Federer, the Swiss superstar took control of the match. He broke Djokovic in the second game of the fourth set after the Serb came up with an error strewn game just when he needed to make a strong stand to stay in the match. Thirteen minutes into the fourth set Federer was looking invincible at 3-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725855", "title": "Ghats near Mumbai turn into body disposal hubs", "text": "MUMBAI: Ghats near Mumbai are turning into valleys of death, as murderers after committing the crime in the city find it convenient to dispose of the bodies there. Be it Kasara ghat on the Igatpuri-Nashik highway or Kumbharli ghat in Chiplun, these sylvan surroundings are becoming the dumping ground for bodies.\"The ghats are generally deserted. The vehicles do not stop there since they want to cross these ghats as early as possible. Moreover, halting on the ghats is also not allowed by the police unless there is a vehicle breakdown. There are hardly any mobile networking towers or CCTV cameras or police outposts. So in a way, the ghats are the safest place for culprits to dump bodies and escape,\" said a police officer.Take the case of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar, whose body was dumped at Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun by serial killer Vijay Palande after killing him on March 5. Palande had earlier disposed of the body of union leader Anup Das, too, at this ghat after murdering him in 1998.Now, police fear that Parvez Tak, who had earlier confessed to the murder of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and her family and later retracted his confession, may have disposed of their bodies at Kasara ghat in Igatpuri. Though they are yet to conclude whether Laila and her family have been murdered as Tak has been changing his statements by the day, still police believe that if he has disposed of their bodies, this may be one of the spots where he is most likely to do it.Laila and her family were last located by her mobile phone records in Nashik. Tak had earlier told the police that with the help of hired killers, Laila and her family members were shot dead at a forest around 120 km from Mumbai and their bodies disposed of there. Laila and her family members went missing from her Oshiwara flat in February 2011. Laila has a bungalow at Igatpuri.The police said that the murderers found it easy to dump the body on isolated ghats in the state since rarely anyone visits there for trekking. In Kakkar's case, the police spent several days in the ghat to search for body parts before Palande showed them the exact spot from where it was recovered. During the search operations, police found another human skull. The police are investigating if Palande had killed another person and dumped his body in the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726941", "title": "No IAS officer let out library auditorium for wedding, says official", "text": "CHENNAI: Reacting to a report which appeared in these columns on Friday on the government taking action against two officials in the state information department for letting out the Anna Centenary Library auditorium at Kotturpuram for a marriage reception, a senior official said, \"No IAS official was involved in the decision to let out the library for the marriage reception.\"He said the proposal for letting out the auditorium for the marriage reception was sent by the library PRO P Murugesan and was approved by the deputy director in charge of memorials, OL Ravindran. The file did not come to the notice of the director of information or secretary, information department, the official said.As per rules, an application for hiring the library auditorium needs to be cleared by the information secretary and director only if the function is being attended by ministers and VIPs. In all other cases, the deputy director has been given powers to decide on his own. \"The deputy director, however, did not apply his mind before approving the proposal to give the library for the marriage reception. If he had taken the file to the notice of the director or secretary, the proposal would have been rejected,\" said the official.The official added, \"We have taken disciplinary action against the two officials for dereliction of duty and have also relieved them from duty. However, they have not been suspended.\"The misuse of the library auditorium had come to light after TOI carried a report earlier this week. The Madras high court, subsequently, ordered that the library should not be rented out for purposes like wedding receptions. The centralized air-conditioned library, which has ground plus eight floors, was constructed during the previous DMK regime and opened in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14732547", "title": "Five dacoits held; cops foiled their plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sewri police arrested five persons who had allegedly planned to commit dacoity near Britannia Company in Rey Road on Friday. Cops are on manhunt of two more persons who managed to give a slip. They are in custody for further investigations.Investigators said that the dacoits - Afzar Shaikh (21), Chakvan Mohammed (19), Abdul Khan (30), Amjad Pathan (32) and Nadeem Khan (30) -- travelled in two cars to the commit the offence. Acting on a tip-off received, the police laid a trap and arrested the five accused who had planned in the neighbourhood at Rey Road.Police seized two motor-cars, two 12-inch knives, nylon ropes, chilli powder, a button knife and tapes that were found in custody of the arrested accused. The arrested five accused has been booked under the Indian Penal Code section for preparation of dacoity.A Sewri police officer said that they were total seven who arrived in two cars near the biscuit company to carry out recce of the locality in between 4.30 pm and 8.20pm before striking. \"However their did not succeed in their attempt. Investigations are on to gather details of the accused arrested and the number of dacoities or robberies the gang has committed in the past in and out of the city,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14727815", "title": "Sharp fall in certified polished diamond prices", "text": "SURAT: While uncertainty looms large over the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing industry in Surat after the closure of about 150 small diamond units, there is yet another upsetting news for the diamantaires, especially the small and medium manufacturers.Rapnet, world's largest online marketplace for certified diamonds managed by the US-based Rapaport group, has announced that the certified polished diamond prices fell 3.6 per cent in the first half of 2012 and that the year on year decline in the prices of one carat diamond pieces stood at 13.7 per cent.Industry sources said that all the diamonds traded globally are sent for diamond certification with the reputed gemologist institutes and that the consumers, especially in the countries like US, UK, UAE , India, China and Japan buy only certified diamonds for guaranteeing the authenticity of the diamonds.However, the sharp decline in the certified polished diamond prices would further result in the slashing of the non-certified polished diamond prices in the local markets in Surat and Mumbai. At present, the polished diamond prices have already decreased by almost 15-20 per cent in the past two months and that they are set to decline further.Unlike gold prices, diamond's value is determined by the diamond's 4 C's (colour, clarity, cut and carat) and that it is also influenced by a number of additional factors, such as market fluctuations and changes in diamond trends and popularityA diamond certification is issued by licensed gemologist labs such as Gemological Institute of America (GIA), International Gemological Institute (IGI), American Gem Society (AGS) and HRD Lab. These gemological labs are known for their expertise in all things concerning diamonds and precious gemstones and the diamond certificate issued by these labs acts as the diamond's passport.Aniruddha Lidbide, a diamond market analyst told TOI, \"Polished diamond trading has slowed with increasing concern about the global recession. The demand in Far East is sluggish as wholesale and retail buyers expect further price declines. Indian diamond manufacturers and dealers are under pressure due to high rough prices, the depreciating rupee, high inflation and a declining economy. Liquidity is tight and banks are viewing new proposals with greater caution than before.\"\"The price pressure in polished diamond trading is expected to increase further with the declining certified polished diamond prices. If the recovery does not come in the next two months, then the industry would face tough time in the later part of the year,\" said a DTC sightholder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724818", "title": "SC throws out case against Pranab, warns petitioner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday dismissed a PIL against presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee and termed as \"utterly fantastic\" the petitioner's allegation that by canvassing support of MPs and MLAs while being finance minister, he had committed an offence under Prevention of Corruption Act.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and H L Gokhale initially decided to impose a cost of Rs 50,000 on advocate petitioner M L Sharma but later accepted his request to spare him of the financial burden by issuing a warning to him not to indulge in such litigation in future.The bench said, \"This court is not a theatre for your farcical plays.\" Sharma argued that Mukherjee had committed an offence under the Prevention of Corruption Act for seeking \"votes\" as a favour from MPs and MLAs in exchange of aid and other benefits under various government schemes.The bench told the counsel to refrain from such acts and observed, \"You are trying to destroy the system. He is a candidate, he has to go to MLAs and MPs. On what basis do you say he is seeking favours.\" A similar petition by Sharma against Mukherjee was dismissed by the Delhi High Court on June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727348", "title": "Passenger capacity to be increased in trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers, Railways has decided to increase the passenger carrying capacity of some of the trains passing through Lucknow on a permanent basis. The trains to be augmented are train numbers 14205/14206 Faizabad-Delhi Jn. Express and 14207/14208 Pratapgarh-Delhi Jn. Padmavat Express.The train numbers 14205/14206 will be augmented by an additional AC first class cum AC 2 tier coach from July 10, while departing from Faizabad and from July 13 while departing from Delhi Jn. On the other hand, train number 14207/14208 will be augmented by an additional AC first class cum AC 2 tier coach from July 12 while departing from Pratapgarh and from July 11 during departure from Delhi Jn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14725322", "title": "Kalyan school robbed of Rs 35k", "text": "KALYAN: Four men-with faces covered-robbed money from a school in Kalyan (E) on Friday. The incident took place at St Mary English School. They beat up two guards, tied their hands and escaped with Rs 35,000 that was kept in school's accounts room.The staff found the guards tied up when they came to school in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14726099", "title": "Crime doesn't pay, Michael 'fed up of court cases'", "text": "MAPUSA: Notorious criminal Michael Fernandes threatened witnesses at the Mapusa court on Thursday evening. According to sources, Fernandes was taken to the court to attend a two-and-half-year old theft case at Calangute. After the hearing was over in the court and the police were escorting Fernandes back to the lockup, he suddenly became furious and started abusing the witnesses Romeo Britto and his neighbour, a woman, who had come to depose against him in the court.The incident happened just besides the court room in the premises of the court. Sources informed TOI that Fernandes, who was handcuffed, yelled at the two witnesses and threatened them with dire consequences. Fernandes wanted the witness not to appear in the court again saying he was fed up of attending the court proceedings.Britto and his neighbour are the witnesses as Fernandes was staying in a guest house owned by Britto at Siolim, while he was arrested in the theft case. Britto later filed a complaint at the Mapusa police station. Fernandes has been wanted in many cases related to thefts and other crimes.According to police, he was charge-sheeted in an Arms Act case at Porvorim and a theft case at Calangute besides others and court proceedings were on against him. Sources informed TOI that Fernandes was prosecuted for a series of thefts and robberies and has to report to the court frequently.Recently, Fernandes had attempted to commit suicide in the Mapusa judicial lock-up by consuming medical pills. On the night of that incident, sources said that Fernandes had also damaged items kept in his cell. He made a ruckus in the lock-up as he was fed up with attending court proceedings almost every day sources informed TOI.Fernandes was arrested on January 28, 2012, in a theft case at Porvorim. He was interrogated by other police stations in Ponda, Porvorim and Old Goa for various cases. He was even taken into custody by Maharashtra and Karnataka police and was brought back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14732953", "title": "Dismiss Karnataka government, demands Belgaum mayor Manda Balekundri", "text": "PUNE: Belgaum mayor Manda Balekundri has demanded that the President dismiss the Karnataka state government and declare the border areas as union territory as the Karnataka government has dissolved the Belgaum Municipal Corporation(BMC) for the second time proving it hates Marathi. She also demanded that the dissolved BMC be reinstated.Balekundri and Marathi speaking corporators of Belgaum are visiting various cities to meet the mayors, local elected representatives to garner support for their cause and create awareness about the alleged atrocities and injustice meted out by the Karnataka government to the Marathi speaking people in the border areas of Maharashtra and Karnataka. Balakundri and a delegation of 15 coporators from Belgaum visited the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) in Pimpri and met Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande, ruling party leader Mangala Kadam; Shrirang Barne, group leader of Shiv Sena corporators and Shiv Sena corporator Sulabha Ubale.Balekundri demanded that the PCMC support the Marathi speaking people fighting for their rights in the border areas. The Marathai speaking people in the border areas observe November 1, which is foundation day of Karnataka, as black day in protest against the atrocities committed by the Karnataka government against them. The Karnataka government dissolved the BMC as the mayor, deputy mayor and corporators participated in observing the black day.They will be handing over a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in Mumbai in which they have demanded that he put forth their demands before the union government about dismissing the Karnataka government, which is inflicting atrocities on the Marathi speaking people, not honouring the court's directives of releasing the water of Krishna river to Tamil Nadu and not to construct a dam on Mahadai river which flows into neighbouring Goa. The Union government should stop giving aid to the Karnataka government, the delegation has demanded in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14727034", "title": "Preparations complete for counting of votes", "text": "KANPUR: Countdown for counting of votes for local body elections including prestigious mayor's seat has begun. The counting of votes would start at around 7 am at the Government Polytechnic Institute on Saturday.Counting for corporators seats would also take place simultaneously and it is expected that a huge rush of contesting candidates and their followers would reach at polytechnic in the morning and they would remain there till the declaration of final result.Keeping in mind the heavy rush at polytechnic, the district administration has prohibited the movement of auto vehicles in between Gurudev Palace and Sharda Nagar and has announced the area as a no-vehicle zone. The police has been asked to raise barricades at both the end.Light vehicles would pass through Rawatpur crossing to Sharda Nagar Colony. Heavy vehicles coming from VIP Road would be diverted to Mainavati Road and they would pass through Singhpur and Mandhana. Light vehicles would reach GT Road through Nawabganj and Awadhpuri.In other arrangement, the district administration has asked the VIPs and media to enter from gate number one while police and employees engaged in counting will enter from gate number 2. All the contesting candidates, either for mayor's seat or corporator's seat, would enter into Polytechnic from Gate number 3. Contestants for Mayor's seat will be allowed to go inside on their cars while candidates for corporator's seat will have to leave their car outside the institute.To check any untoward incident during the counting, a strong police force has been deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14727995", "title": "No plans to open consulate in PoK\u2019s Gilgit-Baltistan : China", "text": "BEIJING: China has refuted a report that it plans to open a consulate in Gilgit-Baltistan, which is part of the disputed Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir. Any move to open a consulate there would mean Beijing's open support for PoK and come as manna from heaven to Islamabad.\"What an absurd report! China hasn't even opened a consulate in Lahore,\" the official Global Times quoted an unnamed source as saying. The report said Lahore is close to the India-Pakistan border, suggesting this as a reason for China not opening a consulate there.The report has obviously been inspired by the Chinese foreign ministry because it had been active on Friday telling journalists that the \"relevant report\" is incorrect. \"The Pakistani government is known to plant such stories in the media to force China to make its position clear,\" a source said.\"Opening a consulate in a foreign country is the responsibility of the foreign ministry. We have never heard of a regional official having the right to 'officially inform' another country about such a decision,\" the state-run paper quoted its source. The government was responding to a report published in the Kashmir Monitor and the EuroAsia Review.Gilgit-Baltistan is a hotspot because the Nato supply lines to Afghanistan passes through it. It also borders China's restive province of Xinjiang, and the Chinese government goes to great lengths to keep Taliban extremists out of its border. Pakistan has opened the Nato supply lines after keeping it closed for seven months.In a curious twist, the Global Times quoted a scholar confirming Chinese investment in Gilgit-Baltistan, which India has suspected for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14727721", "title": "Short circuit sets off midnight blaze at bank in Malegaon", "text": "MALEGAON: A fire broke out at the main branch of Maharashtra Bank's in Malegaon late on Thursday night. While there were no persons injured in the mishap, the fire damaged the bank's computers and furniture, and disrupted routine work the following day. The bank's management diverted its customers on Friday to a nearby branch to help business continue. Eyewitnesses said that a spark was seen at an electric pole adjacent to the bank and soon there was smoke all around the Maharashtra Bank building. Fire tenders were rushed to the spot immediately. The situtation was brought under control at around 3am on Friday after the fire brigade staff battled the flames for over two hours.Based on primary investigations, area police officer KB Khedkar said that the fire broke out due to a short circuit. The bank's chief manager Ahilaji Thorat said that two computers, a passbook printer and the main counter, including the cash counter were damaged.\"The strong room is totally safe, but the electric wiring, computers and network cables, and furniture are totally destroyed.\"But the server and backup devices were spared. \"We have found that the gateway machine is in perfect working condition. because of which there has been no data loss, \" Thorat added.He also said that a team of Maharashtra Bank technicians from the bank had been deployed from Nashik to Malegaon to restore IT infrastructure. \"We may need additional time to Extra time might require rebuild a few things as the electric and computer network wiring has been totally damaged. But I am certain things will be back to normal by tomorrow, \" Thorat said.He also said that in the interim, instructions had been given to the bank's nearest branch Maharashtra Bank branch in Dabahadi to provide services to its account holders. from the main branch in order to avoid any inconvenience to them.\"Though the Dabhadi branch is not too big it will be able to handle small transactions. For transactions involving huge amounts, we are working on an alternative arrangement,\" the chief manager said.Maharashtra bank's main branch in Malegaon is one of the busiest banks in the city. With more than 20,000 accounts and a daily transaction of around Rs 8-10 crore, the bank handles around 700 to 800 customers every day.'Data Centre' saved the bank from total disasterHad it not been the 'Data Centre' of the bank which is located hundreds of miles away from the city, the Maharashtra Bank Manager would not have been so relaxed after the fire gutted almost half the bank's main furniture along with computers and other peripherals.\"Thanks to our Data Centre which is located in Hyderabad and Pune that we are so confident of resuming the routine work very soon\", Chief Manager of the bank Ahilaji Thorat said.The bank has Data Centres in two cities where the entire data along with individual account information and daily transactions are stored. The data is refreshed every 15 seconds and in case of any eventuality, entire data can be retrieved within minutes, he said.Interestingly, the system is functional for many years and is also adopted by other National and International banks for data security. But, the State Government realised its importance only after valuable records were destroyed in the huge fire which caught the state secretariat on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730665", "title": "Rana Sahota returns with Addi Marke", "text": "Rana Sahota returns on 12th July with his brand new single 'Addi Marke', teaming up with the 'Hitmaker' PBN, for this thumping dance floor filler!After releasing his debut album alongside Aman Hayer in July 2009 &amp; his single 'Chargai Jawani' in October 2011, Rana Sahota has this time joined forces with PBN for 'Addi Marke' - which definitely delivers a traditional feel good Bhangra song.Releasing on Spice Media, 'Addi Marke' is the first of many new singles set to be released this year by Rana Sahota. He has teamed up with some of the most talented producers in Bhangra industry including Aman Hayer, GV &amp; many more for his forthcoming singles.Rana Sahota talks about 'Addi Marke': \"I wanted to go for a song that really gets you in the mood to party! Addi Marke is a pure Bhangra track, and working with PBN was an amazing experience, for someone who has a number of hits under his belt. 2012 will see a lot more music from me.\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730911", "title": "Can the reel men please stand up?", "text": "It's ironic! For a medium that primarily caters to women, most daily soaps on Hindi entertainment channels have one common thread -male leads who are wimps. Granted that the poor guys usually have precious little to do except show off their fab abs in tee shirts that are one size too small (if drool value is what you are looking for then the hero might even walk around in a singlet or a white vest or even a towel), kick some butt and beat the baddies troubling the leading lady or be there in dramatic confrontation sequences as a prop.In ' Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ?', a savvy self-made biz tycoon, Arnav Singh Raizada (Barun Sobti) gets kidnapped by his evil brother-in-law (played by Abhaas Mehta) and during an emotional scene, the villain humiliates the heroine, going to the extent of calling her a woman of low moral character and all he gets in return is a slap from the hero! In ' Kya Hua Tera Vaada' , happily married woman and mom Mona ( Mona Singh ) whose husband has moved on with a more glam girl flaunts a new baby bump and the errant hubby has to stand up for her virtue, by claiming the child is his!In ' Pavitra Rishta' , Manav Deshpande (Hiten Tejwani) still can't fight for his wife's rights and his first instinct is to avoid any sort of confrontation with his bossy mom. And the show completed three years of the same dilemma, -- the hero can't take a stand! In ' Saath Nibhana Saathiya' , Ahem (Mohammed Nazim) isn't ready to have a baby and is giving a tough time to his docile and devoted wife Gopi (played by new replacement Devleena), while his in-command mom tries to sort out the situation.In ' Mann Ke Awaaz Pratigya' , another show that has been running for over two and half years, the male lead, Krishna (played by Arhan Behl) has always found himself or some family member behind the bars or in serious trouble and it's up to Pratigya (Pooja Gor) to save the day. In ' Balika Vadhu, Kachche Umar Ke Pakke Rishte' , Jagya (played by Shashank Vyas) is not just a bigamist who reluctantly gives his first wife Anandi (played by Pratyusha Banerjee) divorce, he's also unwilling and unhappy at the prospect that his family loves her, and they are considering marrying her off again to a more suitable guy.Suraj Rathi (played by Anas Rashid) in ' Diya Aur Baati Hum' is of course the official wimp, who's never raised a word of protest for any wrong done to his wife Sandhya (Deepika Singh). Ram Kapoor (Ram Kapoor) of ' Bade Achche Laggte Hai' is quick to suspect his wife Priya (Saakshi Tanwar) over his evil step ma and it takes other characters to make him realize her importance in his life, only by then it's too late.In the tear-streaked world of daily soaps, men who don't behave the way they should nevertheless makes the audience sigh in delight. It's always nice to see screen characters, who have every material comfort still miss out on having a real man as the better half in the relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727643", "title": "Scientific lingo gets a Malayalam makeover", "text": "KOCHI: Advanced scientific lingo can be perplexing even for someone with an MA in English. And when translated into vernacular, it may confound the layman and the expert as publications bank on literal translations and lack uniformity.Add to this the complexity of Malayalam words, most of which traces its etymology to Sanskrit, the resultant translations can turn into a mouthful.A bold attempt by the Department of Science Communication, Cochin University of Science and Technology, plan to reverse this trend by simplifying meanings and making it more accessible for those using science in the vernacular. For the new Malayalam dictionary for scientific terminology, the department has already coined about 6,000 words, and expects to publish the same in August with over 7,000 words.\"We have already coined, borrowed and edited about 6,000 words and will be publishing a dictionary to help science communication. During a survey of publications in popular science , we found that the vernacular use was about one percent of the total literature in existing publications, especially newspapers and magazines. So, as part of the project, a group of experts from the field of science and literature got together and coined words that are simple and relative to the Malayalam or English word,\" said Anil Kumar Vadavathoor, the principal coordinator of the project sponsored by the Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE).Quoting examples, he said a 'backhoe' is called 'mannu mandhi' in the dictionary. Similarly, 'lichenology' is 'payal vignanam', 'pedology' - 'Mannu shastram', 'firewall' - 'theebithi', 'soot' - 'pogayara', 'galaxy' -'nakshtrakootam', 'haematology' - 'raktha vigynanam'.\"We thought that this dictionary will be a useful handbook for all those working in science. Science can be made simple. The terms are very complicated and can put off people,\" said Anil Kumar. \"Very often, we face this difficulty while translating details of research work for the Malayalam media. That's when we realised the need for a handbook or dictionary,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14731852", "title": "BCCI to nominate Rahul Dravid for Khel Ratna, Yuvraj Singh for Arjuna", "text": "MUMBAI: The cricket board has decided to recommend recently retired stalwart Rahul Dravid for the prestigious Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award and Yuvraj Singh, the player of the World Cup, for the Arjuna Award.\"We will be forwarding the names of Rahul Dravid for Khel Ratna Award and Yuvraj Singh for the Arjuna Award next week (to the government),\" BCCI's CAO Prof Ratnakar Shetty said on Saturday.The government had recently extended the deadline for the nominations till July 20.The 39-year-old Dravid retired from all forms of the game at the international level following the Test series in Australia last year after having accumulated over 23,000 runs in Tests and ODIs combined since making a spectacular debut at Lord's in 1996.If awarded the highest sports award in the country that was instituted in 1991-92, former India captain Dravid would follow the footsteps of his illustrious ex-teammates Sachin Tendulkar (1997-98) and Mahendra Singh Dhoni (2007-08) as the third cricketer to win the coveted award.So far 20 sportspersons have been bestowed the award. Yuvraj, who has started practising at the nets at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore after his battle with a rare form of germ cell cancer between his lungs, was India's hero in the 2011 World Cup triumph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729860", "title": "Tundey ke kebab for Soumik Sen", "text": "Filmmaker Soumik Sen, who is all set to direct Madhuri Dixit in her vigilante avatar , is rather excited. Turns out, Soumik, who's spent some part of his childhood in Lucknow, was expecting a parcel of none other than kebabs from the famous Tundey, from Lucknow.And seems that excitement spilled onto his microblogging account when he tweeted his excitement on Thursday afternoon, saying, \"Tunday (sic) kebabs are coming tonite. Yaay!!\"When asked, Soumik acknowledged his fondness for the delicacy, saying, \"I was introduced to Tundey from the time I spent in Lucknow when I was a kid. I have loads of friends from there too and one of them is coming down tonight and getting me a parcel of kebabs.\" Celebrities' love for the Lakhnawi delicacy is all too well known. When Farhan Akhtar recently appeared on a TV chat show hosted by Raveena Tandon , a special surprise was presented to him - Tundey ki treat, which came all the way from Lucknow. There were his favourite kebabs, biryani among other dishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726144", "title": "South Mumbai to Powai: Mishaps leave arteries choked", "text": "MUMBAI: Motorists had a harrowing time in the island city as well as the suburbs in the aftermath of two separate mishaps on Friday.At 10.20am, a BEST bus (route 19) broke down on the JJ flyover while travelling from Shivaji Nagar to Mantralaya after a freak mishap. It also led to an oil spill as the bus's fuel tank was pierced by some metallic objects. The police had to shut down the flyover's south-bound arm for two hours, triggering huge snarls in the area.Nearly two hours after the JJ mishap, a cement mixer overturned on a flyover on Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road (JVLR), leaving the driver and the cleaner injured. The flyover remained shut for seven hours as cranes struggled to remove the vehicle from the spot. This led to traffic chaos on the arterial JVLR for hours.BEST public relations officer N A Walawalkar said: \"A speeding car coming from the opposite direction hit the flyover's divider. Some metallic objects (attached to the divider) flew into the air and went under the bus, which was travelling in the south-bound lane of the bridge. The driver applied the brakes, but one of the metallic objects had pierced the fuel tank by then. As a result, some diesel spilled onto the road surface.\" A towing van reached the spot in ten minutes and took the bus to the Colaba depot.Traffic police officials said the spillage could not be contained by pouring sand. \"The fire brigade then decided to wash the south-bound arm of the flyover to ensure that other vehicles did not skid on it. We kept the arm shut for two hours. There were traffic snarls on the stretch under the bridge. We provided diversions at Mazgaon,\" a traffic official said.There was a cascading effect on traffic from other flyovers, such as the ones in Byculla and Lalbaug. A BEST official said other buses were diverted through Mohammed Ali Road. \"The frequency of buses was affected for a while,\" he added.In the second case, a cement mixer overturned on a flyover at the Gandhi Nagar junction on JVLR around 12.15pm. \"The truck was heading towards Powai. Its driver tried to avoid a collision with an autorickshaw, but was unable to control the truck as it was loaded and very heavy. The cement mixer then overturned. It was removed only around 7.20pm after four cranes were deployed,\" a senior traffic official said. As a result, tonnes of cement got scattered on the road.As the authorities closed the flyover, the resultant traffic snarls extended up to Kanjurmarg on one side and Powai on the other. A media professional who boarded a bus from IIT said it took him an hour to travel out of Powai. \"Traffic was affected from Powai to Vikhroli. We allowed vehicular movement under the bridge and there were diversions at Saki Naka,\" an official said. On Wednesday, a tanker had overturned on the Western Express Highway.(Inputs from V Narayan)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725919", "title": "Bamboo to gram sabhas will be a policy: CM", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has said the state government is moving a policy measure to allocate all bamboo areas in proximity of villages to gram sabhas by amending Maharashtra Minor Forest Produce Act and making appropriate rules under Section 28 of the Indian Forest Act.Chavan's response comes after three months to union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh letter written to him on March 15, highlighting villages under the community forest rights (CFRs) in Gadchiroli encountering problem over transit passes (TPs).On April 27, 2011, Ramesh and Chavan had handed over TPs for bamboo to the Mendha-Lekha gram sabha under the CFR recognized under the Forest Rights Act 2006. Since then, there are some 400 villages in Gadchiroli where CFRs have been recognized.Ramesh had urged Chavan to ensure that Mendha (Lekha) success is not only replicated but also accelerated. The union minister had visited Gadchiroli on March 24 and 25.In a letter written to Ramesh on June 26, the chief minister said proactive steps have been taken for effective implementation of community rights under FRA 2006, as well as increasing peoples' participation in forestry sector.Chavan said the government has recently issued a GR bringing joint forest management committees (JFMCs) under the control of gram sabhas.The JFMC will be elected by gram sabha and hence a convergence has been achieved for twin objectives, namely people's participation in institutions of forestry sector and local self governance. The JFMCs will be operating as committee of gram panchayat separately for each hamlet and will be elected by the gram sabha.Chavan said that all rights of minor forest produce and major timber has been transferred to gram sabha-elected JFMCs. Under Maharashtra Minor Forest Produce Act, bamboo and tendu are not classified as minor forest produce (MFP). Hence, an amendment has been moved to Maharashtra Minor Forest Produce Act to include bamboo, tendu and apta leaves, which hitherto have been kept out of ambit of the MFP.The proposed policy in MFP includes training for storage, handling and marketing produce by creating federation of willing units. The extraction of MFP, however, shall be done in accordance with technical prescription to ensure sustainability. Provision has been made for issuing TPs for forest produce by the gram sabhas.Ramesh had pointed out to Chavan that an odd situation has been created in Gadchiroli where both community forest right (CFR) villages and BILT have TP books.On the issue, Chavan said there is an agreement between state government and BILT to use bamboo for paper in existence since 1947 and renewed for period from 2004-05 up to 2013-14. The high court has passed interim order regarding procedure for fixing rates and continuation of agreement.Hence, agreement with BILT predates as it is in force since l947 and renewed in 2004-05. This agreement needs to be cancelled before granting CFR. Legal complications may arise to prove existence of customary right under Section 3 (l) of FRA as on 2005 because of prior agreement with BILT.Chavan said that to avoid all legal complications, government is moving a policy measure to allocate all bamboo areas in proximity of village to gram sabha by amending Minor Forest Produce Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726837", "title": "Tuition fee in private engineering colleges hiked", "text": "CHENNAI: Six years after a fee structure for self-financing engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu was first drawn up, the government-appointed fee determination committee has raised the fees. Now, BE, BTech and BArch courses will cost 40,000 for non-accredited courses and 45,000 for accredited courses. A management seat will cost 70,000. This fee is valid only for the 2012-13 academic year.The fee structure drawn up in 2006 allowed colleges to collect 32,500 for a government quota seat and 62,500 for a management seat. Justice N V Balasubramanian, who heads the fee committee, said all factors, including inflation, increase in cost of teacher salary, infrastructure and electricity were taken into account while fixing the fee. The committee also sought public opinion on the fee hike.The committee had set January 1, 2012, as the deadline for colleges to submit their income-expenditure details. \"We went through these details, had several discussions with colleges, associations and federations of self-financing colleges,\" Justice Balasubramanian told reporters on Friday.Several self-financing engineering colleges in the state had earlier written to the government to double the fee of government quota seats to 65,000 and to make it at least 5,000 more for management seats. College managements deemed it a nominal hike, but said that it did not meet the inflated infrastructure costs and pay scales for teachers.\"We must follow the western model in our higher education system, where the accreditation policy should be the top priority and made very stiff. The government can even act to close down colleges that don't make the cut. Fee regulation should be left to market forces,\" said S Alfred Devaprasad, president and CEO of the Alpha Group of Institutions.Unnecessary regulations and unreasonable fee structures have encouraged corruption in the higher education system, said academics. \"As they cannot collect the required amount as tuition fees, now the fee comes in all shapes and sizes. Some colleges insist on students paying the transportation and mess fee whether they use the facilities or not,\" said G Sundaresan, parent of a second year engineering student.Commissioner of technical education Ramesh Chand Meena said, \"We received complaints of excess fee charged by 60 colleges. We have sent legal notices to 25 of them. Some of them have responded. Strict action will be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726198", "title": "IPS postings: Parrikar asks home ministry to behave properly", "text": "PANAJI: The controversy in Goa over the postings and transfers of IPS officers continues with chief minister Manohar Parrikar reiterating on Friday that the state will not allot postings to IPS officers until the Union home ministry \"behaves properly\".The latest offensive by Parrikar follows the ministry unilaterally relieving IPS officer Atmaram Deshpande, who was SP (special branch), and transferring him to Mizoram without consulting the state government.This is the second instance in recent months that an IPS officer has been transferred and relieved without the state being consulted. The earlier was that of DIG Ravindra Yadav.In the case of Deshpande, the state government had earlier written to the ministry that the officer be retained in Goa as he had requested the same on personal grounds. Despite this, the ministry relieved Deshpande from his posting in Goa.Originally a Goa police service officer, Deshpande was elevated to the IPS rank in November 2011 by the then-Congress government. On Thursday, the state government promoted him to selection grade even though he has been relieved by the ministry.Speaking to reporters, Parrikar said that the state government's stand on IPS officers' postings has not changed and the state home department will not allot postings to newly-transferred officers from Delhi. \"It will continue, of course,\" the CM replied when asked if the government will not allot IPS officers their postings.He further said, \"We (Goa government) have them (Union home ministry) the power to post or transfer IPS officers. This does not mean that they can deprive the state its right by taking decisions without consulting the state government.\"\"They (Union home ministry) should behave properly. Unless they behave properly why should I recognize their correspondence?\" Parrikar asked.He further said that till the ministry sends a communication to the state government and rectifies the language used in the letter sent to the state government, the decision of not giving postings to IPS officers will hold.\"They should communicate to the government that such instances will not happen again. We will then consider giving postings to IPS officers,\" Parrikar said. He added that he has given them some time to reply on the issue.In May, Parrikar had taken on the ministry stating that IPS officers will not be given any postings in the state after the Centre relieved DIG Ravindra Yadav without consulting the state government.Parrikar had also instructed chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava not to allot any charge to IPS officers posted by the Centre, and had advised him to prepare grounds to form a separate IPS cadre for Goa.Consequently, I B Rani, IPS officer transferred to Goa by the ministry recently, was not given a posting by the Parrikar government in a tit-for-tat. She was in Goa for a few days and went back to Delhi after realizing that she would not be given a posting.Currently, two DIG posts are vacant. The state has 10 IPS officers' posts sanctioned, of which four have not been filled. If Deshpande takes up his posting in Mizoram, there will be one more vacancy at the IPS level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14726859", "title": "Kodungallur to become first 'consolidated education constituency'", "text": "THRISSUR: All schools in the Kodungalloor constituency will soon have blogs and teachers, headmasters, presidents of mother parent teachers associations (MPTAs) and education standing committee chairpersons of all panchayats in the constituency will have e-mail ids. The blogs and e-mails are expected to enable more vibrant and live communications and debates on teaching strategies.This information technology-aided initiative, a part of the 'Aksharam' education programme, aims at making the Kodungallur constituency the first 'consolidated education constituency' in the country. The state IT department will help the authorities implement the programme.\"Many teachers already have e-mail IDs and those who do not have, can open an account. They can communicate and share their ideas about teaching strategies with their colleagues, head masters, presidents of MPTAs, standing committee chairpersons and the MLA.\"They can also share them on blogs, which can be accessed by students too. IT minister P K Kunhalikutty will announce the programme at the Kottapuram Government Higher Secondary School on July 20,\" said Kodungallur MLA, T N Prathapan.Kodungallur has 79 schools, including higher secondary, lower primary and upper primary schools, with 943 teachers. There are nine education standing committee chairpersons in the constituency.\"Higher secondary and UP schools in the constituency have computers with internet facilities. But LP schools do not have such facility. With the implementation of the programme, they will get computers with internet facility,\" said Irinjalakkuda district education officer, C C Jacob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14725425", "title": "Wimbledon: Paes-Vesnina in mixed-doubles semifinals", "text": "LONDON: Wimbledon's fourth seeds in the mixed-doubles - India's Leander Paes and Russian Elena Vesnina powered into the semifinals with a straight sets win over Aussie Paul Hanley and Russian Alla Kudryavtseva on Friday.Paes and Venina, playing on Court No. 2, won 6-2, 6-2 in 57-minutes.The Indo-Russian pairing, who made the final of the Australian Open and the semifinals of the French Open, struck early in the match breaking Kudryavtseva in the third game to march ahead.In the second set, they broke Aussie Hanley in the first game and Kudryavtseva in the third to take a 4-0 lead after Paes held serve. There was no looking back there after.Next up for Paes and Vesnina is the winner of the quarterfinal clash between the top seeded American pair of Bob Bryan and Liezel Huber and the Canadian German combine of Daniel Nestor and Julia Georges.Bopanna and Zheng, the tenth seeds, playing their first tournament together, started poorly falling behind 0-5 in the first set. Even though the Indo-Chinese pairing came back to break the Bryan serve, it was too little too late. Bopanna and Zheng competed well in the second set, but the American pairing played the bigger points better to close out the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli/mangalore", "code": "14726691", "title": "High-fives in Hubli, sorrow in Sullia", "text": "HUBLI/MANGALORE: With rural development minister Jagadish Shettar set to become the new chief minister of Karnataka, his house in Badaminagar of Keshwapur in Hubli has overnight become a VIP area, with police setting up barricades and deploying additional forces.Top police officers held a meeting on Friday to chalk out a bandobast plan usually prepared for the CM's security. Keshwapur, located just 3km from KC Circle, the heart of the city, is a congested place and clogged with traffic. \"If Shettar becomes CM, it will be tough for us to handle the heavy traffic here and ensure the safety of visitors, especially VIPs. It's a challenge to make security arrangements in such a congested area,\" a police officer said.ACP AR Badigeri, who is monitoring the security arrangements, told TOI that this new distinction for the area would mean a regular flow of visitors, including the common man. \"We have started putting up barricades on all roads leading to Shettar's house in Keshwapur and Badaminagar. We are also planning to depute security personnel for the CM's security from Saturday,'' he added.EXPECTATIONS SINKIn contrast to this build-up and bonhomie, a pall of gloom hangs over Sullia. While BJP party workers are keeping mum, perhaps saddened by the state of affairs, the CM is getting support and sympathy from unexpected quarters - the Congress and JD(S).Peeved at the developments, district president of the JD(S) Sullia unit MB Sadashiva said: \"It's very unfortunate that Gowda is being made to step down without any valid reason. The infighting in the BJP has left people here disgusted. We expected all-round development of Sullia and also the district during his term.''Sadashiva said the CM, perhaps knowing his predicament, should have expedited development work in the taluk and district. \"That was his mistake. How will people remember his term as CM? Even his own party workers will question him about his achievements during his tenure,\" he noted.Sullia Congress block president Venkappa Gowda said: \"We expected a lot of development. He cannot say that internal politics affected him. He should have managed some work. Look at what former CM Yeddyurappa did for his district. This was the last chance the district could have seen some development and we have lost a great opportunity.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14727220", "title": "Rohtas, Kaimur administration mum on recovery of State Food Corporation wheat bags from private godowns", "text": "SASARAM: The silence of Kaimur and Rohtas district administrations on the recovery of about one lakh tonnes of wheat in State Food Corporation (SFC) gunny bags from different private godowns in the two districts in May this year, has raised eyebrows, as the administration of the two districts hitherto failed to trace as to how over SFC gunny bags reached private godowns.Even after two months, the district administration of the two districts failed to arrive at a conclusion whether the same bags were used or new ones were brought. Kaimur district supply officer (DSO) Vijay Kumar said after receiving the reply to the explanation sought from rice mill owners, a report has been submitted to the Kaimur DM for necessary action. In Kaimur, several thousand tonnes of wheat were recovered in SFC bags. Similarly, in Rohtas, which hit the headlines for a major scam in paddy procurement last session, no action has been taken after recovery of wheat in SFC bags in May this year. DPRO Ravi Bhushan Sahay said an inquiry report in this connection is still awaited.After seizure of 5,000 quintals of wheat in SFC gunny bags by Rohtas district administration from a godown located on the outskirts of the town on May 10 this year, Rohtas DM Anupam Kumar had directed the supply department to conduct a physical survey of the wheat stock in every rice mill of the district. The supply department, in its report, revealed that about 50,000 tonnes of wheat in private godowns were found packed in SFC bags. Incidentally, due to shortage of gunny bags, the wheat procurement in many blocks could not be started on time. A team of senior officers was formed by the Rohtas DM to inquire as to how the SFC bags reached private parties. Sources said wheat in SFC bags were hoarded by middlemen for delivering the same to the SFC on minimum support price.Like paddy procurement, the major scam in wheat procurement in Rohtas district was detected by the administration itself. Show cause notices were slapped on district supply officer (DSO) Rohtas and district manager of the SFC for serious irregularities in wheat procurement by the Rohtas DM, while FIR against three procurement officers in-charge have already been lodged with different police stations. The Rohtas DM had to order for routing the procurement-related files through confidential section only, sources added.Sources said despite the direction of the state government, neither primary agriculture credit society (PACS) nor the SFC bothered to mention the account number of the farmers on the cheques. The DPRO said an order was being issued to follow the instruction strictly. Sources added that an inquiry by the officers concerned in almost all the 246 PACS and 27 SFC procurement centres revealed that the farmers had no knowledge that cheques hade been enchased by middlemen for the wheat procured from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14730925", "title": "Relief for Juhu party revellers, to be booked for consumption only", "text": "MUMBAI: Police told a special NDPS court on Friday that those who tested positive for drugs in the Juhu rave party bust and were only present there as revellers would be booked for consumption. This comes as a welcome relief as it is a bailable offence.The court was hearing the anticipatory bail application (ABA) of 13 persons who were among 44 persons tested positive for drugs.Special judge G A Sanap dismissed all the applications apart from that of the trio who have been booked for conspiracy under NDPS Act.Police have booked two DJs and the organizer of the party for conspiracy under NDPS Act. Their applications have been reserved for orders on Saturday.The raid was conducted by the police at a party organised at Oakwood Premier Hotel, Juhu on May 20 last week the court came down heavily on the police for the shoddy investigations conducted in the Juhu 'rave party' raid.The ABAs were filed after the arrival of results of 46 of 92 people detained at the party. While none so far tested positive for cocaine, 44 tested positive for cannabis and popular party drug MDMA aka Sizzler.Police had summoned the persons who tested positive and it had also invoked charges of conspiracy following which the anticipatory bail applications were filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725731", "title": "Tension in Kamptee over stone pelting on religious place", "text": "NAGPUR: An enraged mob pelted stones at Kamptee police station and set afire vehicles in the police station premises on Friday evening. At least 26 two-wheelers were burned while four police jeeps were overturned and damaged by the mob protesting police inaction after stone pelting on a religious place at Kamgar Nagar.When the mob turned violent, police personnel from Nagpur were sent to control the situation. Police resorted to a mild lathicharge to bring the situation under control. There were unconfirmed reports of two persons being injured in firing by the police, though superintendent of police Manoj Sharma has denied this.Sources said the tension was triggered after a few people pelted stones and threw garbage at a religious place near Kamptee police station. People were incensed when the cops did not show any interest in taking action against the miscreants.Soon, hundreds of people from one community landed up at Kamptee police station and pelted stones. They set ablaze bikes owned by cops and some seized bikes parked in the police stations premises. Traffic on Nagpur-Jabalpur road was affected due to the unrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14727579", "title": "Want to fight flab? Begin your day with eggs", "text": "LONDON: Eggs are the best way to start the day for those who want to lose weight.A major UK review of studies into the effects of eating eggs has found that egg contains a powerful ingredient that can help to cut the amount of calories people go on to eat at lunch and dinner.Scientists say boiled, fried, poached or scrambled, eggs keep people fuller for longer compared with other common breakfast foods. This appears to help people who are desperately trying to resist tempting but afternoon snacks like biscuits , cake or chocolate.The review also revealed that the specific proteins found in eggs are far superior to other types when it comes to keeping hunger at bay.Dietitian Dr Carrie Ruxton examined the results of six different studies and found that they show a consistent effect on satiety and short-term energy intake. Two studies found changes in appetite-related gut hormones . A single, longer-term study revealed that people who ate an egg breakfast rather than having cereal had a significantly greater weight loss.He also noted two additional benefits of including eggs in a weight loss diet. The first is portion control. Ruxton said that since eggs come in a fixed unit of around 78 calories per egg, this helps people recognize how much they have consumed.Secondly, he said, the vitamin D content of eggs may help to support general health in overweight people since vitamin D levels are known to be low in this group, leading to an increased risk of diabetes and heart disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726890", "title": "Offence registered against lift maintenance contractor", "text": "VADODARA: Over a fortnight after a 32-year-old person got crushed by a lift in the Overseas Building, the Gorwa police registered an offence against the contractor who was given contract to maintain the lift.Secretary of the building has registered an offence of negligence causing death against Prabhakar Choubey, who was given lift maintenance contract of Overseas Avenue. According to the complainant, Choubey was given a written application informing him about the grills that had come off the open window in the lift door on the fifth floor in April this year. However, Choubey allegedly didn't act on the letter and he also flouted the norms by keeping the size of the window in the lift door bigger than required. Deepak Prajapati, a resident of Wahghodia, had lost his life on June 18 when he tried to peek into the lift duct. Prajapati's head got crushed as he couldn't see the lift coming down.The incident had occurred when Prajapati, who works for a travel company, was waiting for the lift on the fifth floor of the apartment. He had gone to the apartment to meet his boss Atul Patel who stays on the fifth floor. Prajapati met Patel and discussed some things for a while. Prajapati then headed towards the lobby and pressed the lift button. He kept pressing the lift button for a while. When the lift didn't arrive he tried to peek into an opening in the door of the lift to see whether the lift is working or not.Soon after he peeked through the small opening of the door, the lift came down with speed. Prajapati's head got crushed between the lift and the door before he could react. And, the impact pushed his body away from the lift. Locals heard the sound and rushed to the spot. Prajapati died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14726146", "title": "Auctioning mining dumps will create havoc in Goa: Activists", "text": "KERI: The Goa government's proposed policy to auction iron ore dumps will result in environmental and social havoc, environmental activists have said.The Parrikar-led government has decided to amend the Minerals (Prevention of Illegal Mining Transportation and Storage) Rules, 2012, to enable the sale of iron ore dumps, which are usually of low grade and lying on government-owned lands.Goa has approximately 750 million metric tonnes of ore in the form of rejects scattered across the state. The ore, which had no buyers, is now fetching a good price since 2005 as there is big demand from China.These rejects are usually used to blend with the high grade ore.Goa government has imposed a ban on handling these dumps since September 2011 in a bid to control illegal ore extraction. State mines and geology department has already begun an exercise to identify the quantum of dumps, which are initially estimated to have been storing 750 MT of ore.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has stated that owners of dumps lying on government property, would be fined exorbitantly before the owners lift the ore.The revised policy will also allow mine owners to handle the dumps existing in their mining leases, after paying a much higher price.With a policy being drafted by the state government for handling iron ore dumps, the ministry of mines has directed the Goa government on July 2, 2012 that since the dumps are a result of mining operations and since dump handling involves impact on environment, appropriate environmental clearance and other clearances, should be a pre-requisite.Environmentalist Ramesh Gauns said, \"Allowing auctioning of mining dumps would result in creating environmental as well as social problems. Government has no concrete data regarding mining dumps and no monitoring is done in the matter. It will foster corruption on a massive scale and will also be responsible for intensifying air and water pollution.\"He further added, \"When government allowed lifting of mineral ore from dumps of mine TC No 71/53 and TC No 108/53, I filed the complaint with Goa State Pollution Control Board to restrain the company.\"Prasanna Acharya , the director of mines and geology said, \"We are collecting information about mining dumps in Goa. Presently, it is difficult to provide exact details regarding these dumps.\"Anil Subramaniam, under secretary of ministry of mines, in his letter to Goa government said, \"Rule 45 of the Mineral Conservation and Development Rules, 1988, provides for compulsory registration of all mining lease holders, traders, stockists, exporters and end-users and reporting on monthly and annual basis of all the mineral transaction to the Indian bureau of mines and the state government. Considering this mandatory requirement, no dump removal should be permitted unless these activities are captured and are in compliance with Rule 45 of the MCDR, 1988.\"The deputy regional controller of mines of Indian bureau of mines, Margao said, \"Our office has no details regarding mining dumps which are situated inside the operational mines and non-working mines or which are there in private as well as government lands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726414", "title": "'Dowry death' reported in Ashok Vihar", "text": "GURGAON: A case of dowry death has been lodged against a man and his family after the body of his 22-year-old wife was found in Ashok Vihar on Friday. The case has been lodged at the Sector 5 police station under Section 304-B of IPC. No arrests have been made yet.The victim has been identified as Pooja, who was brought dead to theCivil Hospital at 4:30pm. According to police, the victim was brought to the hospital by her husband, Ravi Shankar, who claimed that she had attempted to commit suicide.The victim's mother-in-law and brother-in-law told the hospital officials that she had hanged herself from the ceiling fan to commit suicide. Pooja had married accused Ravi Shankar on November 18, 2011. The police suspects that the victim was being harassed for dowry. The victim's parents have alleged that she has been murdered by her in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729649", "title": "Punit Malhotra chooses Parineeti over Sonam", "text": "Punit Malhotra's next after I Hate Luv Storys is one of the most awaited ventures this year. And though the young filmmaker had retained his hero from the previous venture Imran Khan for it, the hunt for the female lead had been on.According to reports, Sonam Kapoor , the heroine of Punit's debut venture and also reportedly his lady love, was the frontrunner. But TOI has learnt that Parineeti Chopra has finally bagged the coveted role.Interestingly, Parineeti is not the only YRF favourite who had been poached by Karan Johar this year. Arjun Kapoor, too bagged a role in KJo and Sajid Nadiadwala's joint venture 2 States recently.A source close to the production house revealed, \"Aditya Chopra and Karan Johar are very close. When Karan wanted to work with Parineeti, he only had to ask.\" Apparently, industrywallahs and even people in the production house had taken Sonam's inclusion in the film as a foregone conclusion. \"Sonam has fewer projects in hand right now. So everybody thought she would be the female lead. When Punit decided on Parineeti, it came as a surprise,\" said the source.The role however, fits Parineeti's brash, outspoken onscreen image to the T. According to the source, the female lead in the film, a love story is similar to the actress' previous on screen roles in Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl and Ishaqzaade.Punit, who had remained evasive about details of his upcoming venture earlier, chose to maintain his stance this time as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14726066", "title": "Tourism department cracks down on 'illegal' sheds on beaches", "text": "CALANGUTE: The tourism department has announced a crackdown on shack operators who store their dismantled shacks in temporary sheds on government-owned land on the beaches, just behind where they erect shacks during the season.In a notice dated July 4, the department has directed all those who have erected such sheds with tarpaulin or palm leaves to store shack materials, to remove the same within three days. The deadline expires on Saturday, July 7.Failure to remove the illegal huts will lead to the tourism department demolishing the structures, confiscating the material and most-significantly the person concerned will be debarred from applying for a shack licence in the future, states the notice. Till Friday evening, none of the sheds on the Candolim-Calangute beach stretch had been dismantled.Talking to TOI, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society, John Lobo said, \"Some people don't have the space to keep the wooden poles and other building materials near or in their houses, so they keep them on the beach in temporary huts made of palm leaves. Most of these are in private properties, though a few may be half each on government land and private property.\"He added, \"I don't think the government should make a big issue out of this. It's not that the people are putting a claim on the land. Once the season starts, these huts are dismantled.\"Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said, \"Shack operators always put up their storage sheds behind government land in private properties. Nobody can store any items on government land. If any local has put up a shed on government land, then it is wrong. They should remove the same immediately, because otherwise the tourism department will demolish them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726937", "title": "Gujarat Pollution Control Board notice to VMC hotmix plant", "text": "VADODARA: The Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) has slapped a notice on the Vadodara Municipal Corporation ( VMC) regarding its hotmix plant that is used to make raw material for road work and repairs. The civic body has been asked to take measures to ensure that the plant does not pollute environment and to get necessary permissions from the GPCB for the plant.The hotmix plant has been under the scanner of the pollution watchdog since quite some time now. Earlier, residents of the Atladara area had complained regarding the plant. Acting on the complaints, GPCB had decided to visit the plant and issued a notice to the plant seeking compliance on pollution issues. GPCB regional officer R B Trivedi said that the notice in February had asked the plant to comply with the rules. He added that the plant had not even obtained a no objection certificate (NOC) and consent to begin operations. \"These are must as such plants fall in the red category,\" he said.Trivedi said that the issue was raised before the GPCB again recently and a visit to the plant revealed that nothing had changed there. He said that the closure notice dated June 30 had asked the civic body to fix things and take necessary permissions 15 days or close the plant.VMC officials said that the plant was not working presently.\"It is closed due to monsoon. Besides, big road projects do not use material from our plants as contractors bring their own material. It is only small roads and repairs that are conducted using material from the plant,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14727931", "title": "CBSE to discontinue Blue Print", "text": "In order to discourage the practice of 'teaching to the test', the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to discontinue the practice of providing Blue Print, Sample Question Papers and Marking Schemes in classes IX and X, with effect from Summative Assessment-II (SA-II) of 2012-13.The Board used to issue Blue Prints, Sample Question Papers and Marking Schemes in all major subjects in classes IX and X to provide a model template to serve as a guide for entailing uniformity in assessment, proper coverage of the curricula and validity (and therefore reliability) of assessment.However, according to the board, a large section of students and examiners punctiliously follow these documents which results in precluding much advocated open ended approach and diversity in expression, style and content. The blue print further micro-categorizes items into difficult, average and easy with specific allotment of marks to each category which again limits the framing of a particular type of question from a particular topic or chapter.The weightings in the revised format will be assigned to entire units as mentioned in the curriculum as an alternative of chapter wise weighting given earlier.The SA-II will rather follow a more comprehensive structure of examination and flexible patterns. The structure of examination along with unit wise weighting for English, Hindi, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Science and Social Science together with pools of exemplar items will be very shortly available on the academic websites of CBSE (www.cbseacademic.in) and will also be circulated to all the schools affiliated to the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726853", "title": "A year on, Singh is King at MSU's 'Kurukshetra'", "text": "VADODARA: A year ago, professor Yogesh Singh had no idea that he would be joining Gujarat's only English medium university as 16th vice-chancellor (VC) of M S University (MSU). It isn't that Singh, a professor in the University School of Information Technology at Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi wasn't aiming high.But Singh, who was in good books of the Sangh, wanted to head a university in North India when he received a call from Gandhinagar to handle the top job at a politically volatile MSU. Now that Singh, who did his MTech and PhD in computer engineering from Kurukshetra, has completed a year in office, this 'outsider' has managed to handle the saffron split 'Kurukshetra' of MSU pretty well.The 46-year-old professor had joined MSU under unusual circumstances. After his predecessor left the charge, MSU chancellor had appointed an interim VC but he was sacked and had to be replaced following controversies.Given this background and successive elections of MSU Students Union, the senate and the syndicate pending before him, the VC's post had already turned into a hot seat. Coupled with this was large-scale ad hocism on the campus that had only one regular dean and endless posts of head of departments (HoDs) were vacant.But Singh has managed to almost end the academic ad hocism at the university by appointing regular deans at nine of the 13 faculties and majority of HoDs. For the first time, MSU went ahead with these appointments based on academic performance index, but with 'exceptions'.Singh still has a long way to go before he ends administrative ad hocism. The posts of regular registrar, chief accounts officer, auditor, one deputy registrar, chief medical officer are lying vacant like the post of pro VC which for long has not been filled up.Although Singh has been accused of siding with the BJP-RSS group in the ongoing rivalry between the ABVP and the BJP-RSS group, the regime of the two 'strongmen' has ended.As a man of IT, Singh has cleared way for a long-term IT infrastructure at MSU. The collaboration with Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) has ensured that aspirants can enroll themselves online and Singh has started helplines for queries of students and parents. MSU has spent Rs 1 crore towards upgrading internet connectivity that promises to provide internet nodes on desks of all the teachers.Singh wants offices of all HoDs and professors are equipped with air-conditioners while MSU for the first time has outsourced jobs like campus cleaning and garden landscaping.In a year's time, Singh has started as many as nine cells but some of them especially donors' relationship cell and the corporate relationship cell are yet to give any results.At a university, which in the recent past, has never focused on student-friendly initiatives, Singh would have to do a lot on infrastructure front as he targets to scale up university's student strength from present 37,000 to 50,000 in the next two years' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725503", "title": "State govt backs official in Powai builder fine case", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the anti-corruption bureau registered an FIR against senior bureaucrat T C Benjamin, on a case related to a Powai project by Hiranandani developers, the government denied wrongdoing by Benjamin.The ACB registered the FIR on the basis of a Bombay High Court directive. The HC, while hearing a petition alleging irregularities in the project, earlier this week observed that \"after going through documents, prima facie it appeared that sufficient material was available on record, which leads to reasonable suspicion about (the) commission of cognizable offences by Benjamin, Hiranandani and other public servants under provisions of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Corruption Act.\" The case concerns an agreement signed between the MMRDA, the state and the builder in 1986 for developing 230 acres of land under the Powai Housing Development Scheme. The developer was allotted land at Rs 1 per hectare in lieu of construction of affordable flats for the poor. The petitioner said a probe in 2009 revealed that of the 5.74 lakh sq m of built-up area sanctioned, the developer utilized only 76,120 sq m for affordable housing. The rest was converted into luxury flats admeasuring 2,000 to 5,000 sq ft and sold at Rs 8,000 to Rs 15,000 per sq ft. After the violations came to light, the MMRDA levied a fine of Rs 2000 crore. However, alleging an act of omission on the part of Benjamin and other officials, the petitioner has claimed that a \"paltry sum\" of only Rs 3 crore was collected as fine.A source close to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said Rs 3 crore was not the fine but a deposit collected from the developer in 2008, when extent of aberrations was yet to be measured. The source said the order to collect Rs 3 crore as a token came in February 2008, while Benjamin took over the department in March. Officials claimed the order was signed by former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , but Deshmukh denied it. Deshmukh instead claimed to have signed the order for the Rs 2000-crore fine.A senior official said a fine, based on assessment of actual extent of aberration , was arrived at Rs 90 crore in December 2009. Benjamin was then urban development secretary. The developer challenged it and the matter went into arbitration. The arbitrator ruled the developer \"need not pay any more fine\". The state has challenged the decision and the matter is now sub-judice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726855", "title": "IIM-Trichy to open Chennai campus", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Management-Trichy has announced the setting up of a satellite centre in Ekkattuthangal in Chennai, and launched a three-year postgraduate executive programme aimed at working professionals. The move comes close on the heels of IIM-Kozhikode starting a campus in Kochi, also with working executives in mind.\"With most of the industry players in Chennai we had many people, including students, asking us about the possibility of a centre here,\" IIM-Trichy administration and accounts dean G Sethu told reporters here on Friday.The institute will also use the Chennai centre to offer short-term executive education programmes. Faculty members said they expected the centre to serve as a convenient platform to conduct placement-related activities for its two-year flagship full-time postgraduate programme in Trichy. Professor Suresh Antony said that senior people in industry had also expressed interest in teaching management students in Chennai.Talking about the Postgraduate Programme in Business Management (PGPBM) for working executives, associate professor of marketing Suresh Paul Antony said, \"There is a large unmet need in Chennai and other parts of the country, for a management programme for working professionals who have family and work commitments. It is very difficult for these people to leave everything and go back to school. This programme has been worked out keeping these aspects in mind.\"The admission process for the PGPBM begins this week. While the application and programme brochure can be downloaded from the institute's website www.iimtrichy.ac.in, selections will be made after a preliminary scrutiny, a written test and a personal interview. Applicants with a valid CAT 2011 score will be exempted from taking the written test. The last date for the receipt of applications at IIM-Trichy is July 23. The inaugural batch will have up to 45 students and classes will start on August 29. Classes will be held on weekends and weekday evenings (6.45pm to 9.30pm) so aspirants do not have to quit their jobs. While candidates with three years of work experience will be eligible to apply for the programme, the ideal class profile is those of candidates with five to 10 years of work experience across various sectors. The programme designed over nine terms, will cost 10 lakh. The first five terms will feature compulsory courses and candidates can pursue the electives of their choice of 15 electives in the remaining four terms. An industry internship is also part of the programme.To clear the doubts of prospective candidates about the programme, five IIM-Trichy faculty will be available at Hotel Lemon Tree on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724658", "title": "India, Pakistan may play cricket at neutral venue", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan will work on a money-sharing agreement to facilitate resumption of cricketing ties at a neutral venue, government sources confirmed to TOI. The development seems to be one of the biggest takeaways from the foreign secretary-level talks this week, which otherwise failed to produce any substantive breakthrough for the cricket-crazy neighbours.It was Pakistan foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani, who proposed before his counterpart Ranjan Mathai that the two countries play at a neutral venue. Jilani had said in the press interaction on Thursday that he had made some suggestions for resumption of cricketing ties, but did not elaborate.Effectively paving the way for resumption, the government, sources said, would not come in the way of the cricket boards of the two countries coming to such an arrangement. While Jilani acknowledged that it may not be possible for India to tour under the current circumstances (Pakistan is forced to play at neutral venues as other teams have refused to tour the country), he said Pakistan would not benefit by touring India as all the money generated for such a high-profile series would go to the host nation or, more precisely, to the Indian cricket board.Jilani said playing at a neutral venue was the most logical option, taking into account both countries' interests. This was when Mathai interjected, saying the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) would have to come into the picture as the Indian government cannot be involved in a money-sharing agreement.The two cricket boards have flirted with the idea earlier, but Jilani took it to another level by taking it up strongly with Mathai. Government sources said they were looking favourably at Pakistan's proposal, but added that both BCCI and PCB would have to take the lead in deciding revenue sharing on telecast and other rights.\"The Pakistani side was categorical that it is not financially viable for them to send only their cricket team to India. Security issues will be looked at, but the ball for now is in the court of BCCI and PCB and we are not stopping them,\" said a source. He added, though, that the two countries had not agreed to any timeframe for resuming cricketing ties.While the joint statement issued on Thursday made no mention of cricket, it did say that the two sides were looking to increase contact in sports. Under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who has twice invited Pakistani leaders to watch cricket matches in India - the last one at 2011 World Cup semifinal in Mohali - the government has been toying with the idea of resuming cricket ties for some time.India and Pakistan have not played a bilateral series since 2007. The 2611 attacks in 2008 made any resumption all the more untenable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725614", "title": "Panel to discuss Delhi Municipal Corporation Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The expert committee drafting the new Delhi Municipal Corporation Act has called a meeting of the councillors and senior bureaucrats of the three municipal corporations.The meeting, to be held on July 14, will discuss, \"in particular, issues relating to the role and functions of ward committees and area sabhas\", read a letter sent to all members on June 22 by K Dharamrajan, chairman of the committee of experts.Once passed, the Act will replace the existing 1957 municipal Act.The committee has also sent a proposal listing other key issues like a proposal suggesting bifurcation of all civic services like water, health, education, roads and streetlights between the Delhi government and the three municipal corporations.The expert committee is also considering a proposal to divide municipal functions into obligatory and discretionary categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14726003", "title": "Four minors held in admission racket", "text": "NAGPUR: Four minor students, including a girl, were rounded-up by the city police crime branch on Friday for their alleged involvement in an interstate engineering and medical admission racket busted on June 29. Police said the minors were charged with submitting fake documents during admissions. The minors taken into police custody by the crime branch senior police inspector, Madhao Giri, were sent to remand home on juvenile court's order.The CB had raided a Gokulpeth academy that prepared bogus documents like admissions, registration cards, mark-sheets, school leaving and migration certificates on the basis of which it admitted number of students to private engineering and medical colleges, including streams like BTech, MTech, MBBS, BPharm, MPharm, BBA, MBA and MCA.The crime branch had arrested four persons including mastermind Rohan Kumar Singh and his accomplices, Chandrashekar Lodhi, Rajashree Gajbhiye and Ranjana Bagde, in connection with the case. Police had also seized Rs11 lakh cash, laptops and computer from the academy. More Rs3 lakh was seized from Singh's residence at Khare Town in Dharampeth.On interrogation of the minors, it was revealed that Singh and others would contact and lure students by searching website for AIEEE results. \"The website displayed list showing name, scores and the candidate's cellphone numbers. Singh and his aides would contact students who had scored less in the exam and lure them by offering admissions at better colleges,\" said police. The four minors had also scored less mark in the entrance exam and were contacted by the academy.Singh and his associates took over Rs2 lakh from candidates for admissions, police said. Apart from Maharashtra, the racket has its network in Karnataka, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Delhi with offices in Pune, Kanpur, Ranchi, Rourkela, Durg and Gujarat.Police said the minors, who got admission to Nuva College of Engineering, claim to have paid Rs2 lakh to the academy for preparing fake documents including mark-sheets. Police suspect that most of the bogus admissions have been done in this college. Several other colleges are also under scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726110", "title": "Govt plans overhaul of administration in tribal areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can tribal systems of governance be integrated with state institutions to remove a sense of alienation among STs? Can there be a common approach to administration of tribal areas, fragmented under various laws? Could governors lose their powers for direct administration of tribal areas for inactivity since independence?The Centre plans to order a comprehensive review of tribal-related issues through a Tribal Commission under Article 339, the third since independence. The move on 'Commission for Administration of Scheduled Areas and Scheduled Tribes' is dictated by mounting concern to address tribal grievances that are seen to push them towards naxalism.Union tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo is thinking of a new commission with the objective of reviewing the recommendations of Bhuria Commission which was set up in 2002.Sources said the terms of reference could involve checking the possibility of recognizing traditional systems of governance in tribal areas and drawing up actionable points from the Bhuria panel for targeted action.It is felt that imposition of state institutions like panchayats in tribal areas lead to a sense of alienation among the locals who are used to age-old indigenous systems. The unacceptability leads to tribals continuing with parallel structures of governance while government bodies languish without local support.Officials argue that recognizing tribal systems would remove the sense of being ruled from Delhi and bring about a smoother interface between government and local institutions.The commission may be asked to probe a common approach to administration of tribal areas. Presently, they are divided between fifth schedule, sixth schedule for some north-east states and Article 371 in Manipur.The Centre is also rankled by governors' indifference to special constitutional powers to directly administer the tribal areas and review or stop the implementation of legislations if they are seen as inimical to the interest of tribals. Despite special powers, the governors have not invoked them to check malgovernance in tribal pockets.The Centre recently received legal opinion which clarified that governor's role in tribal areas was not contingent on the advice of the Cabinet. A harried Centre has impressed upon governors for more active oversight on tribal areas, with Deo making it a key point of his address during the last governors' conference.Sources said the commission could be asked to look into this crucial aspect of tribal governance - if governors' powers could be delegated to some other institution or the existing system is to be made sharper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727787", "title": "'NCP cannot act alone against encroachments'", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday said the NCP could not take action against encroachments in the city as the party didn't have a majority in the Pune Municipal Corporation.\"The situation would have been different if citizens would have given us a full mandate. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, the party is in the majority and can take unilateral action against encroachments, but in the PMC, we have to consult other parties before taking any action,\" Pawar said.Pawar was speaking to reporters after the district planning and development committee meeting here. His statement came when he was asked why the PMC had failed to take action against encroachments on footpaths, despite a directive to this effect from the state urban development department.State additional chief secretary T C Benjamin, in an order on April 9, had directed the civic body to clear all encroachments on footpaths and repair them within a month. The poor condition of footpaths was forcing pedestrians to walk on the carriageway, putting their safety in jeopardy, the order said.\"The NCP is the single-largest party in the PMC, but not in the majority. With a fractured mandate, we have limitations to work,\" Pawar said.The encroachments taking place in the fringe areas of the city are a cause for concern. \"The district collector has the right to take action against encroachments in these areas, but again the collector is under tremendous pressure and is burdened with administrative work. The state needs to have a special system to tackle encroachments,\" Pawar said.Pawar welcomed the civic law committee's decision of approving the merger proposal of 25 villages. According to the proposal, of the 25 villages to be merged, 20 were part of the original 38 villages that were brought into PMC limits in 1997. However, the state had de-linked them in October 2001, following protests by villagers. But Datta Bahirat, president of law committee, said a special meeting has been called on Saturday to review the committee's decision. \"The decision to merge the villages was taken by only four members of the NCP. Therefore, members of other parties want a review of the decision,\" he said at a press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725016", "title": "It\u2019s easier to find god than govt: Shailesh Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outspoken RTI activist-turned-information commissioner (IC) Shailesh Gandhi slammed judicial and quasi-judicial authorities for the tardy pace of disposal adding that citizens are not \" immortal\".\" Judicial and quasi-judicial authorities don't think timelines are important. Cases remain pending for 15-20 years. Citizens and issues are not immortal but no one seems to give this importance,\" he said. His statements come at a time when the Central Information Commission (CIC) continues to hear cases dating back to 2010.Gandhi, who retired on Friday, described ICs as a \" senior citizens' club\", taking a dig at the government's penchant for appointing retired bureaucrats. \" We need younger people in the Commission,\" he said, adding that the number of civil society representatives as commissioners should be higher as well.Targeting government inefficiency at delivery of services, Gandhi said scathingly, \" It is easier to find God than government today.\" He added that simple steps like computerization of records would bring down corruption by 30% making it difficult to use excuses like the file is \" lost or damaged\".Gandhi said that the process of appointment must be transparent and through public consultation. He has even written a letter on this issue to DoPT minister V Narayansamy elaborating on the procedure which should be initiated through an advertisement. He said that each commissioner should be given a benchmark of 5,000 cases to dispose of.Gandhi has given decisions for an unprecedented 20,400 cases in the last four years, with 5,900 since the last year.When asked if the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should remain exempted under the Act, Gandhi said that the immunity given to the agency was not as per law and it was \" unfortunate\" that citizens' groups had not protested more vehemently on the issue.Gandhi said he hoped that the Commission would make a commitment that the pendency would be between three to four months, if not now, in the next three or five years. \"I have proposed this in the Citizen's Charter which initially had found favour but ultimately the Commission refused to accept the Citizen's charter. It has not been willing to make commitments to citizens,\" Gandhi said admitting that he had been unsuccessful in getting the Commission's nod for the proposal.However, he has not given up on the hope yet and plans to pursue adopting of a citizen's charter with CIC and state commissions as an RTI activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14731974", "title": "Women outperform men in JK civil services exam", "text": "SRINAGAR: Women outperform men in the coveted Kashmir Administrative services civil examination, bagging nine of the top 10 positions.Mohit Raina bagged the first position in examination, the result of which was declared on Friday, becoming the only male candidate to make it to the top 10, officials said.Pooja Rasgotra got the second rank, followed by Anissa at the third spot.The general administration department had referred 142 vacancies of different gazetted services to the Jammu and Kashmir Public Service Commission (JKPSC) last year.The JKPSC conducted the preliminary examination in September 2011. Of the 21,414 candidates appeared, 3,555 qualified for the mains, a spokesman said.He said 503 candidates qualified for the interview and commission selected 142 among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726176", "title": "Citizens urged to help in combating malaria", "text": "PANAJI: With around 10 malaria cases and three dengue cases reported from various areas in and around Panaji in the last month, health authorities are calling for active citizen participation in efforts to prevent the spread of the vector-borne diseases.Speaking to TOI, Panaji health officer M Tamba said, \"The sources of mosquito breeding need to be tackled. People need to ensure that no items that collect water are left in the open as this facilitates the breeding of mosquitoes.\"She urged residents of Panaji to participate in efforts to prevent spread of the vector-borne diseases. \"Only carrying out fumigation is not enough as it is a temporary solution,\" she said while adding that unless people wholeheartedly cooperate, checking the spread of vector-borne diseases would be ineffective.Stressing the point of citizen awareness and community participation, Tamba said that with rapid urbanization, huge housing societies were contributing to sanitation woes and were responsible for \"huge problems that no government agency can take care of.\"Gutters, open drainages, old vehicle tyres, empty bottles and other water collecting items are primarily responsible for breeding of mosquitoes. Those having wells can introduce larvae eating fish which are available at the directorate of health.The urban health centre officials have in the past few weeks conducted cleanliness drives, but lament that with residents not cooperating in addressing the source of waste water leakage, the situation continues to remain the same in a majority of the cases.Officials have also issued notices to residents contributing to sanitation problems through overflow or leakage of waste water in areas such as Bhatlem. Besides, regular screening of cases reported is also being carried on.Officials had before the monsoons disposed off over 600 old tyres that were collected from around the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14724949", "title": "Can\u2019t negotiate with chasing dogs, NGOs must act responsibly: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday advised NGOs involved in the programme to combat stray dogs to be more responsible in their approach.Justice BV Nagarathna asked them a question: \"If on a road, a pack of dogs chases an elderly man or an individual, what should he do? Should he negotiate with them?\"The bench asked the NGOs to file an action-taken report by September 27 on the progress achieved.The bench said: \"Tell them (NGOs) to take a walk in Cubbon Park. You can see how many dogs are pregnant. The NGOs have been filing reckless affidavits. Let's face the reality. If you (NGOs) place the animals on a higher pedestal than humans, then there is a serious miscommunication. Humans have to be on top of the chain.\"\"Nobody is saying that all dogs should be killed or exterminated. But a dog biting a man is a serious issue. Here, doctors are not available for human beings, whereas the Geneva Convention says a rabid dog has to be examined by two doctors. European standards can't work here,\" the bench pointed out.The NGOs' counsel said stray dogs are caught and dragged on the streets in an inhuman manner. BBMP counsel said they would inform the court on the steps taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727270", "title": "Students' day out with prisoners", "text": "MANGALORE: As many as 80 prisoners had a few special guests at Mangalore Jail on Friday. Sixty students of Swaroopa Adhyana Kendra, an alternative composite educational institute, visited the jailbirds, who had come to the coastal city to participate in a four-day theatre fest, 'Jailininda-Jailige Rangayatra', organized by Mysore-based Sankalpa theatre repertoire in association with the department of prisons.During the two-hour interaction programme, the prisoners shared with them the grim realities inside the stone walls of jail. Amburaj, who is serving life imprisonment for supporting forest brigand Veerapan, narrated how Veerapan and his gang members forcibly made him supply ration for them by threatening to kill him. \"I was in depression for the past many years. However, after I started taking part in drama fests I am feeling better and at peace,\" he said.Dharneesh, a prisoner from Bangalore, said for the past six years the state government had not ordered for premature release of convicts. \"There are many convicts, who are reformed and are expecting a pre-mature release to meet their family members. The government should consider their release,\" he said.Earlier, students rendered a few songs written by them. Swaroopa Adhyana Kendra director Gopadkar drew the face of a convict on a white paper by using his nail and painted a landscape within 30 seconds. Later, he gifted the paintings to them.The chief of Sankalpa theatre repertoire, Huluguppa Kattimani, said at the interaction programme that the videos of plays staged by the prisoners had been sent to the governor. \"By doing that we want to convey the message that how participating in theatre fests have reformed the jailbirds,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14725630", "title": "Jal Board fined Rs 15,000", "text": "The Delhi Jal Board has been directed by a consumer forum in Delhi to pay Rs 15,000 to a customer as compensation for harassment caused to him by a wrong water bill. Agreeing with Delhi-resident L R Kumar that the meter on his premises was giving \"inaccurate reading\", the south west district consumer disputes redressal forum held DJB guilty of deficient service for not addressing his grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726165", "title": "'Suspended India Reserve Battalion cop can petition CM'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said that he is ready to conduct a fresh inquiry into the suspension of India Reserve Battalion (IRB) personnel Yogesh Goral.Speaking to mediapersons, Parrikar said, \"If he (Goral) has not done anything wrong, then he can petition me on the matter. I will ask for the inquiry.\"The Goa police had suspended IRB's Goral for false representation based on a complaint lodged by Rahul Barua, secretary general, South Asia Foundation and senior media personnel from Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, alleging humiliation and harassment during his visit to Goa.The police had conducted an inquiry following the complaint by Barua that he, when accompanied by a woman companion, was accosted by a police personnel who introduced himself as 'Pravin Desai' in the late evening of July 3.Barua was returning to his hotel room near the Campal parade ground, when the incident occurred.The DySP at the police control room, who inquired into the complaint, found that the police personnel who introduced himself as 'Pravin Desai' was in fact Yogesh Goral, who has been deputed as driver to SP (north) and at that particular time, he was off duty.\"Goral has since been placed under suspension for false representation by giving a false name and for behaving in a rude and arrogant manner,\" a police official said, adding that a disciplinary inquiry against the constable was in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14732874", "title": "Man arrested for kin murder", "text": "AURANGABAD: MIDC Paithan police arrested one person and are on the look out for three others for allegedly killing one of their distant relative over an old rivalry in Warudi village of Paithan taluka in Aurangabad district recently.The police said the two families had an old dispute over some property. About two months ago, the deceased Ashok Laxman Sadavarte (39), had lodged a complaint against Manohar Uttam Sadavarte following a quarrel over some petty issue. Since then, Manohar and his family members were nursing a grudge against Ashok.On July 2, Manohar and his family members picked up a quarrel with Ashok and subsequently attacked him with sharp weapons and sticks causing him serious injuries. Three of Ashok's family members, including two women were also assaulted when they tried to intervene and save him from the attackers, the police said.Somehow the family members managed to rescue Ashok and rushed him to a government hospital in Paithan, from where the doctors referred him to the government medical college hospital at Aurangabad. However, doctors at Aurangabad declared him dead on arrival.Police said that they have arrested Manohar Sadavarte and are on the look out for others including Manohar's father Uttam Maruti Sadavarte, and other relatives Prakash Sadavarte and Raosaheb Sadavarte. The police have also seized the sharp weapons and sticks used in attack on Ashok, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726963", "title": "Two arrested with antlers worth Rs 2cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday claimed to have busted a racket dealing in antlers (deer horn) with the arrest of two people in Tiruvallur, 45km from Chennai. About 20 tonnes of various articles made of antlers and horns of other animals as well as raw stock, said to be worth 2 crore, were seized.D Subramani (45) of Tiruvallur, owner of Bhagya Rekha Exports at Aranvoyal near Sevvapet, and supervisor S Kothandam (45) were later remanded in judicial custody. Acting on a tip-off, teams led by Tiruvallur superintendent of police Rubesh Kumar Meena, assistant police commissioner B Balachandran and Sevvapet inspector Purushothaman raided the company and its godown in Aranvoyal on Thursday night.Police inquiries revealed that Subramani, who has been manufacturing coat buttons, fork and spoon handles using antlers since 1991 had a licence but didn't get it renewed after September 2009. He had been procuring the antlers illegally from forests in Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka, police said. Subramani, however, told police that he had proper permission and that the application to renew his licence, which expired in 2009, was still pending before the forest officials. A forest department official said a person obtaining a forest department licence to make products from antlers cannot, however, use them to make utensils and other gift items to export.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14732060", "title": "AFC bans Ishfaq for four matches", "text": "PANAJI: The disciplinary committee of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) has imposed a four match ban on Salgaocar Sports Club midfielder Ishfaq Ahmed.The committee, which met in Kuala Lumpur on Thursday, decided to take tough action against Ishfaq Ahmed for his behaviour in the AFC Cup clash against Neftchi FC in Uzbekistan on May 8.Ishfaq was sent off for his verbal abuse of the Yemen referee, who promptly reported the offence to the match commissioner and subsequently the disciplinary committee.Pursuant to Article 49 of the AFC Disciplinary Code, Ahmed is suspended for four matches for violation of Article 69 of the AFC Cup Regulations 2012 and Article 57 of the Code,\" AFC said in a statement on Friday.Ishfaq, who has moved to East Bengal for the coming season, has been charged for \"offensive behaviour and violation of fair play.\"\"The match suspensions are to be carried over in accordance with Article 38 par 2 (c) of the Code. Ishfaq is also given a warning that a repeat violation of these provisions will be met with more severe punishment,\" the disciplinary committee said in its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727095", "title": "Youth found dead in lodge", "text": "PATNA: A 20-year-old youth was found dead under mysterious circumstances in a room at Gaurav Lodge in Goriatoli locality near the Chiraiyatand flyover on Friday morning.Lodge owner Kishore Kashyap said one Ramkripal Singh (51) came to the lodge along with the youth around 7pm on Thursday. In the lodge's register, he wrote he was a native of Sitamarhi and the purpose of his visit to Patna was medical treatment.Kashyap, who has been running the lodge for the past three years, said he asked them whether they wanted a separate room or beds in a bigger room. \"I took them inside a room where two youths were already staying,\" he said and added the youth accompanying Singh refused to stay in the room, saying he would feel disturbed. He demanded a separate room.After agreeing to pay Rs200 for a separate room, Singh and the youth contributed Rs100 each and paid the amount to Kashyap. \"They went to the room and bolted it from inside,\" Kashyap said and added the two were heard quarrelling around midnight.Kashyap further said around 4am on Friday, Singh came to the counter carrying a bag and asked him to open the gate of the lodge as he had to visit a doctor. Around 10.30am, Kashyap found the door of the room open and the boy sleeping in an awkward manner. \"I informed the Kotwali police station,\" he said.Patna SP (city) Kim said it would be premature to say anything at this stage. There were no injury marks on the deceased's body but his nails had turned blue, she said and added the reason of death would be known after postmortem.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said an FIR would be lodged against Singh as he was absconding after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730605", "title": "Ashley Walters asks how do you like me now?", "text": "Dynamic Rapper and critically acclaimed actor, Ashley Walters , returns to his musical roots with his new track 'How Do You Like Me Now', through SK Records.Well known for being part of collective, 'So Solid Crew' and his extensive acting career by staring in Hollywood blockbusters 'Get Rich Or Die Trying' alongside 50 Cent and 'Stormbreaker' with Mickey Rourke and Ewan McGregor .Since then he has become one of the most respected actors in the UK, starring in TV dramas such as 'Small Island' and 'Hustle', and most recently the critically acclaimed 'Top Boy' and BBC drama; 'Inside Man'.Giving fans a taste of what's ahead, Ashley is dropping 'How You Like Me Now', with his first official release on SK Records due 29th July 2012.The Official 'Desi Mix' on the EP has been produced by internationally acclaimed and Best NRI Music Producer award winner Northern Lights who is known for hit tracks such as 'Janaab', 'Nakreh' and more recently Bollywood remixes of tracks for hit films 'Ready' and 'Delhi Belly'.Tarv from Northern Lights introduces the influence of his own younger brother Wizzy Wiz to create a new sound for Urban Desi and features the vocal talents of Mehi, an amazing vocal talent who is part of the same team. This is the Urban Desi Anthem of the summer that will be played around the world on release. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14725111", "title": "Temple rajagopuram to be history", "text": "GUNTUR: In a controversial move, the state government has asked the endowments authorities to dismantle the historical rajagopuram of Amaravati temple near here. The government issued the order, ignoring the report of experts' committee which strongly objected to the demolition of the 200-year-old rajagopuram.The endowments department has allocated Rs 4.6 lakh for the purpose and asked the temple authorities to call for tenders for carrying out the demolition of the structure. Amaravathi temple EO Venkateswarlu said the rajagopuram would be reconstructed at a cost of Rs 1.2 crore.Curiously, the two separate experts committee appointed by the endowments department made strong case for protecting the historical monuments. \"Demolition is not warranted,\" said the report submitted by the expert committee comprising A Meher Prasad, professor of structural engineering at IIT, Chennai, chief engineer of endowments department Jaganmohan Rao, retired chief engineer of panchayat raj department R Kondala Rao and endowments department advisor Sundararajan.The committee visited Amaravathi last November following reports over cracks in the 100-ft tall rajagopuram and observed heavy traffic in the temple's vicinity as main reason for rajagopuram developing small cracks. The committee said that prevention of traffic on the nearby roads could suffice to protect the structure. \"Traffic for a distance equal to the height and width of the galigopuram would save the structure,\" was the recommendation of the committee.Ironically, the government, instead of imposing curbs on vehicular movement, has decided to go for demolition. In fact, the HC too has directed the district administration to take steps to prevent the movement of heavy vehicles like sand-laden lorries in the vicinity of Amaravathi temple. Another team comprising technical experts too has supported the protection of monument keeping in view its historical significance.The rajagopuram (galigopuram) was believed to have been constructed some time between 1795 and 1830 by the then zamindar of Amaravathi, Raja Vasireddi Venkatadrinaidu. Sources said that the experts' committee suggested four to five measures to protect the structure without bringing it down. \"Historical monuments cannot be created. They must be protected. We can construct one if there is no structure or there is no chance to protect the existing one. It is foolish to bring down the existing structure,\" fumed historian Vavilala Subbarao.According to sources, the experts' committee suggested that wooden pillars of the rajagopuram could be removed and replaced with steel pillars to strengthen it. According to Subbarao, a retired lecturer, the temple structures started losing its sheen after the demolition of mukkoti mandapam back in 1975.He said that mukkoti mandapam, which acted as balance to the galigopuram, was removed to facilitate a bus stop near the temple.\"All the structures of the temple should be protected at any cost. If the government did not realize the significance of the historical monuments, people will themselves protect it,\" he said demanding withdrawal of the order. He said that the endowments department effected repairs to the vimana gopuram by removing Chalukya-era structures by replacing with some Chola dynasty designs.Lack of archeological sense among the endowment officials was uprooting the precious structures, criticized senior advocate A Sanjeeva Reddy, whose movement forced the government to give up a similar attempt to demolish rajagopuram of Mangalagiri temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725680", "title": "\u2018Rain illnesses may rise in few days\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars may have enjoyed an exceptionally healthy June, but the coming months may be different. After a week of sporadic but heavy showers, doctors fear monsoon-related diseases could increase from next week.While the BMC claims to have worked hard to bring down monsoon diseases, lack of rainfall in June seems to have helped the BMC achieve the feat. Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner, said the BMC has been working on malaria all year round. \"Standard operating procedures are being followed since last year. We not only micro-mapped the city, but also worked on vector control. High-risk areas were given special attention. Similar work at the grass-root level was done for gastroenteritis as well. Moreover, few spells of rain have helped lower the number of diseases in June,\" she said.Doctors, though, said the disease count will rise. Dr V K Joglekar, head of medicine at state-run J J Hospital, said, \"Now since the monsoon has properly set in, the number of patients will also rise.\"Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals, said there is already a spurt in viral infections. \"We are seeing cases of fever with rashes. Conjunctivitis has been around. We have even received two leptospirosis cases from outside the city.\" Prevention, say doctors, is the key and warn against unusual accompaniments with fever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14727972", "title": "Obama takes slight lead over Romney: Poll of polls", "text": "WASHINGTON: Just months before America goes to polls, opinion appears to be tilted in favour of incumbent Barack Obama , with a new 'poll of polls' giving him a 3-point lead over Republican rival Mitt Romney . Obama leads 48% to 45% in a CNN Poll of Polls, a sample of three recent national surveys of the presidential race that culminates in November.While Romney has outpaced Obama and the Democrats on fundraising, the campaign for the incumbent's re-election has intensified its attack on the challenger, and its efforts to paint Romney as a corporate outsourcing specialist appear to be having an impact on swing voters.In the most recent CNN/ ORC International Poll, conducted between June 28 and July 1, Obama is ahead of Romney, 49% to 46%. The Gallup poll includes results of the past seven days and has Obama over Romney, 48% to 44%. In the Newsweek /Daily Beast poll, meanwhile, Obama leads Romney 47% to 44%. The CNN poll also showed Romney with an advantage over Obama in the 15 states listed as 'battlegrounds' on the CNN Electoral Map.Romney was ahead of Obama 51% to 43% in those states, including those that are leaning but not solid for Obama or Romney and those which appear to be true tossups, said CNN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726667", "title": "Traffic cops, people ratio woefully inadequate", "text": "BHOPAL: Do not be surprised to see the absence of traffic cop on majority of the city streets. The traffic police and people ratio in Bhopal is abysmally low. To be precise: 1:20,000. And the handful of traffic cops who stand on streets has only a challan book as a tool to make people to stick to rules.Things like speed radars, meters to check transparency of tinted window panes, breathe analyzers and dome cameras required to check traffic of a city look like a distant dream. City traffic police is demanding gadgets -- useful for enforcing rules-from the PHQ for the past two years, but no luck here. By conservative estimates, in a city having a population of 20 lakh, there over 6 lakh vehicles.By the look of things, the acceptance of proposals is bleak. Sources point out that the traffic police have been asked to rework the list of their needs and send a fresh proposal to the PHQ.DYSP (traffic) MS Chhari said, \"We have recently sent a fresh proposal of requirements, including the number of cops and gadgets. Depending on the availability of funds, the authorities concerned at the traffic directorate would sanction it.\"Against one traffic police station, the city requires at least ten such stations. A proposal for this was sent to the higher-ups a few months ago, sources said. The proposal seeks 70 constables in each station.The traffic police also want vehicles- both two and four-wheelers--including towing cranes. Currently, the traffic police have two towing cranes. Six cranes, which were hired from the BMC in the past, have been taken back by the corporation as cops are unable to pay monthly rent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14727102", "title": "Great Indian Bustard on verge of extinction", "text": "JAIPUR: It may soon be the end of the Great India Bustard (GIB), the state bird of Rajasthan. Repeated apathy of the government and a lack of will has pushed this bird to the brink of extinction in the desert state. Even the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List 2011of threatened birds has classified GIB as 'Critically Endangered,' the highest level of threat. Currently, there are just 250 GIBs in the country.The winter count of the bird in the state was registered at 89, a mere shadow of the pride that the state held once for having more than half of the its entire population in the country. The bird, found only in India, has its presence also in Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh , Maharastra and Karnataka.According to Rajpal Singh, the state coordinator of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) for Nature, which conducts the survey along with the state forest department, the bird is now mainly confined to the desert with just one or two found in Ajmer, an area that once had the bird in abundance. Even the grasslands of Bhilwara and Kota have only a few of these birds.Singh blames the lack of will by the government in protecting the bird and in saving its habitat as the reason for the gradual disappearance of the bird. \"The Sonkaliya area in Ajmer used to be known for the GIB habitat but over the years, the grasslands have disappeared due to illegal mining and rampant agriculture thus affecting the habitat of the bird.\"The Sonkaliya comprises a cluster of 43 villages and due to the large presence of the GIB here, it was declared as a closed area with hunting strictly banned in the zone under the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. At that time, hunting was not banned. A ban on hunting came only in 1992.Later the Act was amended in 2002 and provisions were made in it so that areas such as Sonkaliya that had large presence of a species could either be declared as a conservation reserve, if it happened to be on a government revenue land, or a community reserve if were on a community land.\"But the state did not initiate any move to declare the area as a reserve. Illegal mining began and as a result the entire habitat of the bird disappeared. In the deserts in western Rajasthan, including areas such as Jaisalmer, Barmer, Bikaner and the Rajasthan canal along with rampant animal husbandry adversely affected the bird,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732232", "title": "Ravi Kishan dresses as Vaijyanti Mala", "text": "The supertsar of Bhojpuri cinema Ravi Kishan had taken up a woman's role very early in his career. He portrayed the character of Sita in Ramlila and after so many years he would again be seen in a woman's role. And this time the woman is none other than veteran actress Vaijayanti Mala.Ravi Kishan who is a participant of dance show 'Jhalak Dikhla Ja' on colours will be seen dancing to the tunes of 'Hothon Pe Aisi Baat' from the movie 'Jewel Thief'. He will be dressed as Vaijyanti Mala in the performance.\"Jhalak is basically a dancing school for me,\" says Ravi Kishan. \"And to perform to a song in which Vaijyanti Ji has performed was very tough. But I hope I have lived upto it,\" he adds.source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14727832", "title": "'Tackle waste management through PPP'", "text": "SURAT: Experts said here on Friday that civic bodies must opt for public-private-partnership model for waste management.Speaking a seminar on Integrated Waste Management: Emerging Trends, Challenges and Way Ahead in the city, they also said that segregation of waste at its source is advisable for achieving greater success at lesser cost in obtaining energy.Caroline Twigg from World Business Council said, \"It is highly desirable for a local body to go PPP way in waste management to provide efficient and cost effective services.\"Jurgen Prost from German firm GIZ explained the need for mixed technologies in waste disposal with special focus on waste as an energy option. Citing example of Germany, he said, \"Technology is more successful in this country because waste is segregated at the source whereas in India it goes for inceniration in a mixed form. This is more costly and less efficient .\"Principal secretary, urban development, IP Gautam talked on state-related issues of waste management and how it is dealing with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725573", "title": "Maharashtra Times to launch 'Mission Orange City'", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur is failing to live up to its tag of Orange City, thanks to orange trees slowly disappearing. In an attempt to revive it, Maharashtra Times (MT) - BCCL's Marathi venture - is launching 'Mission Orange City' from Saturday.MT will coming out with a special orange-scented supplement on Saturday giving the readers ample food for thought. The six-page pullout will not only smell of oranges but will also bring to fore reasons for the dip in orange cultivation. It will also suggest a few easy measures to help regain the fruit its lost glory.MT will initiate a long-term exercise involving round table conferences, inviting cultivation experts and agricultural officials to understand how we had failed to market Nagpur orange brand. An awareness drive will cover students, elders, homemakers and professionals. In an attempt to involve students, MT will be conducting essay, painting and debate competitions to highlight the issue.The drive would also urge people to plant more and more orange saplings. As part of the drive, MT would be distributing over 500 saplings and is appealing to the people to plant at least one in their courtyard. MT will also invite farmers to understand the problems at the grassroots level and help them enhance orange cultivation in the region.When scientists in New York are studying techniques of orange cultivation on barren land, Nagpurians can at least give a positive response to the effort. Small but sincere attempts can help revive the dipping orange cultivation. The newspaper has called for planting orange saplings to celebrate occasions like birth in the family or to pay tributes to the departed. These nano will have a big cumulative effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727757", "title": "Hospitals face action for defying fire safety norms", "text": "NASHIK: With a large number of hospitals in the city yet to comply with fire safety norms despite the deadline for compliance being extended in the past, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided issue notices to such hospitals. The hospitals had been asked to follow the fire safety norms prescribed in the government resolution (GR) issued in December 2011 for which they are to apply for permission to install fire safety equipment.Of the total 1,253 hospitals, clinics and maternity homes in the city, only 152 have applied for compliance in accordance with the GR. O Of these, nine are new establishments and have already made provisions for fire safety. According to the GR, the last date to install fire safety equipment was March 2012. This date was extended till June 2012. A meeting was held on Monday to issue notices to those hospitals that had still not complied with the rules passed in the GR.Municipal Commissioner Sanjay Khandare, medical officer Dr D B Patil, executive engineer, town planning department, SV Ghuge and fire brigade chief Anil Mahajan were present at the meeting.\"We are issuing notices to hospitals, maternity homes and similar medical establishments, to immediately incorporate fire safety norms as per the governments' directives or else action would be taken against the offenders. For hospitals in a residential zone, a no- objection certificate will be needed according to the norms meant for residential complexes, while those in commercial buildings have to follow the requisite norms that apply to them according to the GR. Fire safety rules for residential and commercial complexes are different. One hundrAed and fifty two have applied for it, 80 have got the approval while out of the 152, nine are new and have incorporated the necessary rules,\" Patil said.Patil said that only after the hospitals include the fire safety norms will they get their registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724678", "title": "Rape and abduction charges baseless and malicious: Rahul Gandhi tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Friday decided to meet head on the petition by an ex-MLA of Samajwadi Party seeking investigation into the alleged abduction and rape of an Amethi girl and told the Supreme Court that accusations against him were false, malicious and baseless.Rahul's affidavit came in response to the Supreme Court's notice issued on April 6, 2011 on a petition filed by Kishore Samrite, who had appealed against the Allahabad high court order dismissing his petition, imposing a cost of Rs 50 lakh for making frivolous allegations and ordering CBI inquiry against him.Rahul said, \"I emphatically deny the allegation of rape and detention of the writ petitioners by me and say that both these allegations are false, malicious and baseless and no cognizance could be taken by any responsible person of such allegations made on websites.\"In the affidavit placed before a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad, Rahul requested the court to take action against Samrite for filing a vexatious petition to harm his public image and give a political twist to the malicious allegation that that he had kidnapped the girl and her family.Rahul's strong response is significant in view of the speculation in ruling quarters about the role of a prominent insider who engineered the complaint to showcase his utility.Many have also noted the CBI's unusual move in this case when it approached the Supreme Court on August 25 last year wanting to be a party in the appeal filed by Samrite. The Allahabad HC had asked for a CBI probe against Samrite on March 7. The CBI had lodged a case under Indian Penal Code Sections 120B (criminal conspiracy), 181 (false statement on oath), 211 (false charges to cause injury) and 499-500 (defamation).On Samrite's appeal against the HC order, the SC had on April 6 last year stayed the HC order and issued notice to UP government and Rahul seeking response from them in eight weeks.The HC in its March 7 order had said, \"We also direct the CBI director to register a case against Kishore Samrite and all other persons who are found involved in the plot, if any, hatched in order to defame Shri Rahul Gandhi, Member of Parliament from Amethi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725813", "title": "1 dead, 3 hurt in night of dangerous biking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Scores of bikers, reportedly returning from a religious ceremony, created a nuisance on city roads on Thursday night by riding their bikes in a reckless manner. According to witnesses, the bikers performed death-defying stunts on the stretch between Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, Tilak Marg and around India Gate while traffic cops watched them helplessly.There was also an accident on BRT corridor wherein a person died and three others were seriously injured. Cops suspect this accident to be an outcome of the stunts but there were no witnesses to corroborate the claim. 36-year-old Nizam died while his cousin suffered head injuries after their bike had a head-on collision with another bike, police said. The incident took place around 4am near Krishi Vihar area.The victims were on their way to Khanpur from Matka Peer after attending a ceremony. Police rushed the injured to the AIIMS Trauma Center after a passerby informeds them. Nizam was declared brought dead while Zafar is undergoing treatment.The other two bikers have also suffered injuries and are undergoing hospitalized. A case of rash and negligent driving has been registered, said an officer. Several people on Thursday night suffered inconvenience after the bikers created a nuisanceby driving rashly and without wearing any helmets.In another accident, a 35 year-old-man died after he lost control over his tempo and rammed into the railing of the Wazirabad flyover in Wazirabad, north Delhi. The accident took place around 9.40pm on Thursday. The deceased has been identified as Dilip Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14732760", "title": "Air Force Maintenance Commanders conference on July 9-10", "text": "NAGPUR: The annual Commanders' Conference of the Maintenance Command of Indian Air Force (IAF) will be held at the Vayusena Nagar here on July 9 and 10.It will be attended by Commanders of equipment depots, movement control units and Air Force liaison establishments.Air Marshal J Chandra, Air Officer commanding-in-chief, maintenance command, will inaugurate the conference on July 9.Being a premier establishment of the Indian Air Force, maintenance command plays an important techno-logistic role by providing the requisite maintenance support to the operational and training commands.Besides repair and overhaul of equipment, the units are engaged in procurement, presentation, storage, transportation, upgrades and modification of equipment to enable operational units to accomplish their tasks, a release from Defence PRO said pn Friday.The objective of the conference is to review the performance of last year and provide a platform for sharing each other's experience so as to resolve functional problems.Modernisation of infrastructure, cost effective inventory management, enhancement of quality of product support and job enrichment will be the areas of focus.Trophies and awards will be presented to various formations for their performance during 2011, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14728054", "title": "250 mw plant at Parichha switched on", "text": "LUCKNOW: Power situation promised to look up on Friday, with UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL) announcing commercial operation of 250 mw unit-5 of Parichha extension thermal power plant.Managing director, UPRVUNL, Dheeraj Sahu, said that with the addition of 250 mw, the total installed generation capacity of UPRVUNL plants has reached 4,433 mw. He said that another 250 mw will be added to the state kitty by next month, when the sixth unit of Parichha extension power plant will start commercial generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14730535", "title": "Pakistan name squad for U-19 World Cup", "text": "LAHORE: Babar Azam will lead Pakistan in the Under-19 World Cup in Australia next month with the selectors naming the same players who recently did well in the Asia Cup tournament.Former Test batsman Haroon Rasheed will be the manager while Sabih Azhar has been retained as the chief coach.Pakistan play a three-match series against Australia before taking part in the World Cup. Pakistan won the Under 19 World Cup in 2004.The tournament will be held from August 11-26.Pakistan Under-19 Squad: Babar Azam (Capt.), Sami Aslam, Imam ul Haq, Umar Waheed, Azizullah, Mir Hamza, Ehsan Adil Salman Afridi, Muhammad Nawaz, Syed Faraz Ali, Zafar Gohar, Muhammad Zia ul Haq, Shahid Ilyas, Usman Qadir, Syed Saad Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727807", "title": "Docs want fixed protocol for sonography inspections", "text": "PUNE: Doctors across the state on Friday called for uniform directives and checklists for officials inspecting sonography and abortion centres.\"We have made certain observations based on the ongoing state-wide inspection drive. There is too much variation in the officials' way of inspecting sonography machines, checking records, form F etc,\" senior gynaecologist Sanjay Gupte, past-president of the Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society of India (FOGSI), told TOI on Friday. \"There needs to be some kind of cohesion in the inspection methodology to avoid confusion among doctors wishing to adhere to the norms of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (prevention of sex determination test) (PCPNDT) Act,\" he said.Gupte, who is also a member of the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) for the PCPNDT Act, collated and compiled the various experiences of the doctors during the ongoing drive initiated by state health officials.\"We have made certain recommendations based on these experiences. The data is representative. Doctors practising in other states must have had similar experiences. Hence, this needs to be brought to the notice of the higher authorities,\" said Gupte.\"We will present this data along with our recommendations (see box) on bringing uniformity to the approach, during the Central Supervisory Board's meeting which is scheduled to take place in Shimla on July 20,\" Gupte said. The meeting is to be chaired by Union health minister Gulab Nabi Azad.\"Local appropriate authorities lack adequate training and understanding of the PCPNDT Act and Rules, especially the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act,\" said gynaecologist Shantanu Abhyankar of Wai. \"Their demands are arbitrary and there is no uniformity in the demands regarding the fulfillment of actions by the doctors,\" he added.\"At some places, the appropriate authorities have mentioned that they have been given targets to seal a number of machines and hence they have to act on even the most flimsy of grounds to save their jobs,\" said another doctor.In some cases, the authorities still demanded a certificate of training and experience from gynaecologists when the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) has clarified that the gynaecologists can do USG (ultrasonography), said gynaecologist Vinayak Khedkar of Aurangabad.\"Doctors suffer harassment if the patient's identity is not clearly mentioned, when the information which a doctor takes is dependent only on what the patient says and it is beyond the scope of doctors to verify this in all situations,\" said gynaecologist J J Shah of Baramati.ACTIONS SUGGESTED* Proper training of the appropriate authorities* Clarity in the information to be reported under both acts - PCPNDT and MTP* F form needs improvement so as to make it less ambiguous and more relevant* Information obtained should be collated and analyzed which should help authorities track the possible wrongdoers.* The authorities should seek the help of doctors willing to assist in implementation of this act (there are instances where doctors have pointed out the names of erring colleagues and no action was taken against them)* There should be a helpline for doctors in case an appropriate authority demands unreasonable and uncalled for records and actions which are outside the purview of the act.* Even though the filling of F form is a must, the appropriate authorities should not harp on trivial and insignificant mistakes to seal the machines. This further leads to prolonged court cases and even cancellation of registration.* These actions of depriving the doctor of his livelihood for a trivial mistake are clearly draconian. Hence discretion has to be shown regarding the type and significance of errors.* Targeting abortion or medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres, especially first trimester MTPs which have no relevance for sex determination should be stopped as it is against the spirit of the MTP Act.* The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has to circulate directives regarding the correct record and stock maintenance about the drugs, particularly its position regarding use of Misoprostol should be clarified since it is used in many other instances other than MTPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730913", "title": "RV Subrahmanyam to direct Srihari", "text": "Real star Srihari's new movie will be directed by RV Subrahmanyam, a protege of director Samudra. This action entertainer is expected to go on the floors from the second week of July. Official sources say that Srihari would be romancing with three heroines in this film.Producer Nagaraju Bhanooru said that the film will feature several fresh faces and the script has come out well. Director Subrahmanyam is also very happy on bagging the opportunity and exudes confidence on the story. He further adds that the entire film will be wrapped up in two schedules, which will be shot in Hyderabad, Jadcherla and Vizag neck of the woods. Swamiji is penning the dialogues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726197", "title": "Toddler abandoned at Manesar bus stand", "text": "GURGAON: A one-and-half-year-old girl was found abandoned at Kasan road bus stand in Manesar, on Friday morning. After medical examination, Manesar police admitted her in the Civil Hospital and were looking for her parents.\"We have lodged a report and have admitted the abandoned girl in a civil hospital after conducting a medical examination. She is now in the care of doctors in the Civil Hospital. We are looking for her parents,\" said ASI Ramphal, the investigating officer.According to police, an unknown person had called the police control room on Friday at 8:45am and informed about finding an abandoned girl. Police reached the spot immediately and rushed the child to the Civil Hospital.\"The child is one and half years old. She has been admitted to the neo-natal intensive care unit and doctors are examining her. She is fine and has taken some food as well,\" said Dr Praveen Garg, civil surgeon, Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727817", "title": "No takers for dam silt this year", "text": "NASHIK: There are a very few takers for the silt accumulated in the catchment area of the Gangapur dam, which supplies water to the city, and lying exposed due to delayed monsoon. The authorities have offered the silt for free to farmers, who are expected to transport it to their fields to enrich the soil. The exercise is also aimed at desilting of the dam, thereby increasing storage space for water.\"At the most, 60 to 70 truck-loads of silt have been removed from the catchment area of the dam. Farmers find it difficult to excavate, load and transport soil from the dam to their farms and hence demand appears to be very less,\" an official from the water resource department said.In the past, the water resource department used to charge a royalty from farmers, but the practice was dropped in the year 2003-04, when the department learnt that silt, which was eating up the capacity of the dam, was very expensive to remove. Officials claim 40% of capacity of the dam has been reduced because of silt.Though the doors were opened for farmers and those in the brick-kiln business to take silt away by abolishing royalty, farmers appeared to be less interested in picking up the soil, which in turn is adding to the worries of the department.The official however pointed out that the process of de-silting was like a cycle as in every big flood the gush of agitated water from the dam always took some silt with it from the dam as well. \"With every big flood we can see lot of silt moving out from the dam, but that is not enough as compared to the amount of silt coming in through the catchment areas,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726843", "title": "Vadodara civic body nod for new snorkel for fire brigade", "text": "VADODARA: The standing committee of the Vadodara Municipal Corporation ( VMC) eventually gave the nod for procurement of a hydraulic aerial ladder platform (HALP) or snorkel for its fire brigade. The committee had been sitting on a proposal in this regard since January even as the existing ageing HALP was not sufficient for future requirements in wake of the high-rise norms under the recently amended General Development and Construction Rules (GDCR).The existing HALP was purchased in 1987 and required frequent maintenance and repairs. Sources claim that it was under repair before the fire in a high-rise building at the Racecourse Circle in May and was under repair subsequently too.A proposal to buy a new snorkel was put up before the standing committee way back in January. It came up on the agenda at the committee meetings and was postponed. The note put up before the standing committee had made an argument for the new HALP stating that the existing one was old and that the proposed GDCR would give permissions for buildings that are 40-metre high. The present snorkel can cater to buildings that are only 30-metre high even as the GDCR was notified recently.The delay in taking a decision regarding the procurement of the new HALP is being blamed on the fact that only one vendor came up for providing it despite three advertisements by the civic body. Eventually, the standing committee gave the nod for its procurement on Friday. The snorkel will be able to fight fires on buildings that are 44 metre in height. It is being procured for Rs 4.96 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14727290", "title": "Kosi water discharge level increases to 1,09,275 cusec", "text": "PURNIA: The water discharge level of the Kosi river, which had receded to 92,060 cusec at Kosi barrage at Birpur (Supaul) and 70,400 cusec at Barahkshetra ( Nepal ) at 1 pm on Thursday, suddenly increased to 1,09,275 cusec at the barrage and 82,500 cusec at Barahkshetra at 2 pm on Friday.The water discharge into the western main canal, which was pegged at 1,500 cusec was put on hold on Friday due to some breaches and fault lines in the canal downstream. However, discharge into the eastern main canal was fixed at 1,000 cusec on Friday, engineers at the barrage said. The overall scenario at the embankments on the Kosi remained more or less the same. \"There is absolutely no need to create a flutter,\" the engineers said. The Kosi chief engineer and other officials were not available as their cellphones were in silent mode.Meanwhile, fed by intermittent but heavy rainfall in the catchment area of the Himalayas and in the foothills, Mahananda is swelling but was still far from the danger mark at Taiyabpur (Kishanganj), Dengaraha Ghat (Purnia) and Jhawa (Katihar). The Mechhi river was flowing close to danger mark at Galgalia in Kishanganj, according to Central Water Commission (CWC) office at Purnia. These rivers showed a rising trend, a CWC official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14732940", "title": "Two held in attempt to murder case", "text": "AURANGABAD: Crime branch of the city police arrested two city youths in Beed recently in an attempt to murder case. They were hiding in Beed city to evade their arrest in connection with the murder case registered against them with the Osmanpura police about two months ago.Police said Shaikh Abdul Shaikh Majed (23) and Shaikh Mohammad Sajed Shaikh Abdul Habib (21), both residents of Osmanpura, and three of their accomplices (who were earlier arrested), had barged into the house of Yousuf Khan Salim Khan (42) one of their neighbours and had brutally assaulted him with sticks over a property dispute. Yousuf Khan had sustained serious injuries and was admitted to the government medical college and hospital, Aurangabad.After the assault, three people including a woman were arrested and were in prison since then, the police said. However, the two - Shaikh Abdul and Mohammed Sajed had managed to escape.Recently, assistant police inspector (API) Arjun Pawar of the crime branch of Aurangabad police received a tip off that the two suspects wanted in connection with attempt to murder case were staying with their relatives in Ajmernagar, Chaush Colony in Beed city, about 140 km from here, to evade arrest. Subsequently, Pawar reached Beed on July 4, arrested the duo and subsequently handed them over to the Osmanpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727600", "title": "DTE introduces 'mock allotment' for admission process", "text": "PUNE: In a first, the directorate of technical education (DTE) has introduced a new feature, called 'mock allotment', for Round-I of the centralised admission process (CAP), to enable engineering aspirants have a better approach to their choice of seat while submitting their option forms online.The new academic year for the autonomous engineering colleges in the state will commence from July 26 while the same for the larger section of the non-autonomous engineering colleges will commence from August 6, the DTE announced in a notification released on Friday.It stated, \"The allotment made at the 'mock' stage won't create any right whatsoever in favour of or against any candidate but, it will provide a fair idea to the candidates about how to pick their choice. The candidate cannot claim the seat, displayed in the mock allotment, for admission and, in no case, should report to the allotted institute.\"The notification also carried the much-awaited details of the next phase of CAP schedule, which commences with the display of seat distribution on its website: www.dte.org.in/fe2012 from July 9. The cut-off date for all types of engineering admissions for academic year 2012-13 is August 25.An updated institute information, course-wise sanctioned intake, choice codes, tuition fees waiver scheme (TFWS) seats etc., will be posted on the DTE website soon. Candidates are advised by the DTE to go through the information brochure carefully and follow the instructions for selection and admission.Candidates are required to fill in the online option form, take its printout and confirm the same in person at any of the designated application centres.BOX(The Schedule)* Display of seat distribution on website: July 9 at 5 pm.* Online submission of option form for mock allotment of CAP Round-I: July 10 to 13 up to 5 pm.* Provisional list of mock allotment of CAP Round-I: July 14 at 5 pm* Online submission of option form for CAP Round-I and confirmation in person at ARCs by Maharashtra state and AIEEE candidates: July 15 to 18* Provisional allotment of CAP Round-I: July 20 at 5 pm* Reporting to institutes as per CAP Round-I allotment: July 21 to 25* Display of institute-wise vacancy position for CAP Round-II: July 27 at 5 pm* Online submission of CAP-Round II and confirmation in person at ARCs: July 28 to 31 up to 5 pm* Provisional allotment of CAP Round-II: August 2 at 5 pm* Reporting to the institute as per allotment in CAP Round-II: August 3 to 6* Vacancy position for admission by counselling-based Round-III: August 8 at 5 pm* CAP Round-III at Government College of Engineering, Aurangabad: August 10 to 13* Reporting to institute as per CAP Round-III allotments: August 13 to 17(For Candidates)* It is mandatory for all eligible candidates to submit and confirm online option form for CAP Round I and II* Option form received by post will be rejected* ARCs and institutes to remain open on all days of CAP schedule, including holidays barring August 15, from 11 am to 5 pm* Receipt-cum-acknowledgement of application form be presented in person at the ARC for confirmation of option formends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14725899", "title": "6 cops, including 2 police inspectors, get lifers for custodial deaths", "text": "YAVATMAL: Additional district and sessions judge Anil Subramanniyam of Pusad on Friday sentenced six cops, including a police inspector (PI), an assistant police inspector (API) and an assistant sub inspector (ASI), in two different custodial deaths, one in Umarkhed and the other in Pusad Rural police station on May 24, 1998, and April 23, 2000, respectively.The names of the convicted cops are API Babarao Khandare, ASI Shiva Mishra, and constables Nagorao Sontake and Ganesh Raneet, all from Umarkhed police station and involved in the Muneshwar custodial death. Those convicted in Tarachand Pawar's custodial death are PI Uttam Chavan and constable Nazir Ahmad, both from Pusad Rural police station.The court acquitted 25 of the 29 accused in the Muneshwar murder case while 08 out of 10 accused were let off in Tarachand Pawar's murder case.In the custodial death in Umarkhed police station, one Uttam Balkrishana Muneshwar, a resident of village Amboda was arrested from the Umarkhed bus station by the police on suspicion of stealing a mixer grinder on May 24, 1998. The cops kept him in custody where he died during interrogation before being produced in court for custody hearing.Though the cops tried to hush up the matter by cooking up a story of suicide, they could not succeed as his parents approached the Bombay High Court requesting a CBI enquiry. The HC ordered an enquiry by the CBI, which filed an FIR against 29 policemen and arrested them.The second custodial death occurred at Pusad Rural police station, where the cops had arrested Tarachand Ramji Pawar, a resident of Hundi Tanda of Pusad tehsil, on charges of theft on April 23, 2000. He died the following day (April 24) in custody during interrogation.The investigation was handed over to State CID led by police inspector Mukund Kevale. After completing investigation, he filed FIR against 10 cops and arrested them.Both cases were heard together before the sessions court. The court held six cops guilty under section 302 of IPC and sentenced them to life imprisonment. All the accused were in magisterial custody and present when the judgment was delivered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14732961", "title": "Former J&K; MLA\u2019s son moves court, seeks status report of father\u2019s alleged custodial death", "text": "Srinagar: The son of a former Jammu &amp; Kashmir legislator, who is said to have fought Pakistani infiltrators along with the Army in the 1965 war, has moved a local court seeking the status report of his 75-year-old father's alleged custodial torture that led to his death in 1990.Ghulam Hassan War alleged that then Budgam SSP S P Vaid had summoned his father, Ghulam Qadir War, without assigning any reason before shifting him to Jammu's Kotbalwal jail on June 10, 1990. ``My father was tortured in the jail, which he could not sustain and died at a Jammu hospital,'' he said.Ghulam Hassan alleged that the family was not even given his father's body and that he was buried in Jammu's Trikuta Nagar area. \"I was called to the Kotbalwal jail to collect the body but the police buried him despite Jammu deputy commissioner's orders to handover the body to me,\" he said.He said the police threatened him to leave Jammu in 1990 as he insisted on taking the body. \"I was not even given my father's postmortem report nor did the local police register any FIR,\" said Ghulam Hassan. He said he reported the matter to Beerwah police station in Budgam after his return from Jammu. ``But they never informed me about the status of the case or registered an FIR.''He said Budgam chief judicial magistrate Gowhar Majeed recently asked Beerwah SHO to furnish status report of the case through chief prosecuting officer within 10 days.Ghulam Hassan's lawyer, Hafizullah Mir, said they have enough evidence to prove that the deceased was killed in custody.Ghulam Hassan said his father, who represented Budgam district's Khansahib constituency till 1972, had fought Pakistani infiltrators in the Pir Panjal range under one Brig Kalay's command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14728069", "title": "HC suspends another AP judge in \u2018cash-for bail\u2019 case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cash-for-bail scam involving jailed mining baron and former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhan Reddy is taking its toll on the state judiciary after the AP high court on Friday placed another judge D Prabhakar Rao, who was posted as a judge of the family court at Srikakulam 24 hours ago, under suspension.This, according to sources, was a direct offshoot of the letter sent by ACB officials to the HC, seeking the court's permission to probe his role in the cash-for-bail scam that has already sent two district judges -- one serving and the other retired - to jail. As per the confessions made by the accused in the case, it was Prabhakar Rao who first tried to influence CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao for granting bail to Gali for a Rs 10-crore deal, which did not materialize. Pattabhi chose a trusted route through his friend and retired district judge T V Chalapati Rao although the latter brought in the same deal for a lesser price -- that is Rs 5 crore.The ACB officials are likely to add Prabhakar as an accused in the case in the coming days which may result in his arrest as well. Till Thursday, he was working with the state election commission as its secretary (legal) on deputation. As Prabhakar was on deputation with an outside agency, the HC first recalled him from his deputation and posted him as a judge in a Srikakulam family court.Since this was only to gain jurisdiction, the HC immediately suspended after recalling him from deputation.The CBI exposed the cash-for-bail scam immediately after Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Gali on May 11. Following a complaint from the CBI, the high court had earlier suspended Pattabhi and, later, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths had arrested him. The role of Chalapati Rao, Pattabhi's son Ravichandra, Gali's brother Somasekhar Reddy and others was revealed subsequently. While Chalapati was offered Rs 5 crore for granting bail to Gali, Prabhakar was allegedly offered Rs 10 crore.But Pattabhi struck the deal along with retired judge Chalapati. In the confession statement before the ACB, Chalapati Rao said, \"Pattabhi told me that one Prabhakar Rao is offering Rs 10 crore for the bail and he would be able to say anything only after having a look at the files.\"In his statement, Ravichandra said his father settled for the less complicated Chalapati to seal the deal after Prabhakar Rao started pestering Pattabhi to grant bail to Gali. Chalapati said in his confession that Pattabhi finally agreed for Rs 5 crore deal and had even told him on May 11 morning that he was granting bail to Gali only in anticipation of the cash.Chalapati Rao had also met Pattabhi in his court chambers on May 8 to strike the deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725576", "title": "Here comes the rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: For endless sweaty, sweltering days, Delhiites had scanned the skies while repeatedly asking the same question, 'when will the rain get here'? On Friday, at about 6pm, the question was finally answered as the heavens opened up in a joyous, torrential downpour.A couple of hours later, the city had recorded 15.6mm rainfall and the temperature had dropped to 25.6 degrees Celsius, lower than the day's minimum of 29.1 recorded in the morning and an over 10-degree drop from 36 degrees at 5.30pm. Sure, there was the sadly inevitable waterlogging and traffic jams. But most Delhiites were too delighted by the welcome pre-monsoon showers to mind. If you were one of them, keep that smile on. The Met department has forecast that the monsoon will finally rendezvous with the capital on Saturday.\"Similar conditions though not such heavy rain can be expected for at least another two days. The monsoon is officially expected to cover Delhi, some parts of Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab and the remaining parts of Uttar Pradesh by Saturday. This will also bring down temperatures further and a maximum of 35-38 degrees can be expected over most parts of northwest India,\" said a Met official.With Friday's downpour over large parts of northwest India, the rain deficit in the area came down from 71% to 58%.Under a cloudy sky, the maximum temperature plummeted to 38.4 degrees Celsius, breaking its 40 degrees plus trend of the past couple of weeks. The minimum came down to 29.1 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. Palam recorded strong winds and heavier rainfall, recording a total of 29.4mm in the evening. Officials reported that seven flights had to be diverted and several others were delayed after operations were affected in the weather.\"We had been expecting pre-monsoon showers since the past three days but all we got to see were high levels of humidity. It rained a little bit in isolated areas on Friday morning. Places like Gurgaon, Faridabad and some north Delhi areas reported light showers in the first half of the day. Mungeshpur recorded 19mm rainfall in the early morning hours. Finally, around 6pm it turned completely dark and the city witnessed a heavy thunderstorm with rain being recorded all across,\" said a Met official.The monsoon moved further on Friday, covering large parts of UP, Haryana and some areas of Punjab. It stretched from Jamnagar in the west to Amritsar in the north, passing through Jaipur, Aligarh and Chandigarh. \"Rain and thundershowers are expected in many areas in UP, Himachal, Uttarakhand and a few areas in Jammu and Kashmir , Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and east Rajasthan in the next two to three days. Based on current meteorological conditions, rainfall is expected to increase in these areas from the middle of the coming week,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727282", "title": "Traffic cop thrashed, case registered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A traffic police head constable Shavinder Singh was thrashed at traffic light point of sectors 23/ 24 on Friday.The incident took place when head constable Singh stopped Swift driver Jang Bahadur, 57, for checking his vehicle documents around 6pm. Jang Bahadur refused to show the documents and started quarreling with the cop. Meanwhile, Bahadur also slapped and tore the uniform of head constable Singh.The accused, Bahadur, is a government employee with Haryana Laboratories in Sector 11. Bahadur was only nabbed when victim cop, Singh, summoned police control room personnel to the spot.A case was registered at police station, Sector 11. Accused would be produced in the district courts, Sector 17, on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14731384", "title": "High court notice to government on petition demanding action against BJP MLA", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat High Court has sought explanation from the state government, BJP MLA Shankar Chaudhary and the state education department in connection with a petition demanding criminal action against Chaudhary for his alleged earthquake relief fund scam.Petitioner Farsu Goklani had earlier filed a PIL, and in response of that a division bench of the HC had directed the MLA to make repayment of the amount that was spent after private building to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund (PMNRF).Once the charges of siphoning of the funds are established, the petitioner has sought criminal prosecution of the MLA saying that the government has not initiated any action against the leader since then.The court issued notice on Friday to concerned parties on Goklani's plea after the government failed to submit reply in this regard.Chaudhary had claimed Rs 21.01 lakh under PMNRF to construct a building that was destroyed during the 2001 quake. From this amount, Chaudhary's trust constructed a school, but it was built in a private land. Goklani in his PIL claimed that instead of the trust's property, Chaudhary created a private property and actions should be taken against him for misuse of funds. The bench then asked Chaudhary to pay the amount back with 10% interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725907", "title": "Ravinder Balwani\u2019s pending RTI pleas taken up", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented order, Central Information Commission (CIC) has taken up the pending RTI applications of murdered activist Ravinder Balwani and directed public authorities to disclose information. The information sought included domestic and international travel expenses of CM Sheila Dikshit.The order comes after the commission's resolution in September 2011, where it had decided that if it received a complaint regarding assault or murder of an information-seeker, it would take up the pending RTI application and order the department concerned to reveal the information on its website. Information commissioner Annapurna Dixit took up the five pending RTI applications filed by Balwani after his daughter Sonia Balwani filed a complaint with CIC.Dixit has in her June 29 order directed the Delhi government's general administration department (GAD) to give CM's travel details, besides asking Delhi Police to give a monthly update of Balwani's murder investigation. Balwani, who was an aide of Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal, was killed in a hit and run on April 23.Balwani had asked for inspection of airline bills of all trips taken by Dikshit in the last five years, which was allowed by GAD. Dixit had said in her order that the \"total expenses incurred on trips of the CM, national and international separately, be put up on the website of the public authority.''Dixit has also asked police to put a monthly update of the investigation on its website, and the case to be monitored at the level of assistant commissioner of police. Pointing out that FIR in the case was only filed a day after the incident, Dixit said, \"It is recommended that appropriate measures are taken to ensure that the investigation in the case is conducted in a fair manner as per provisions of law and Sonia Balwani is kept informed every month through a communication about the progress in investigation.'' Balwani had also sought information from the Indraprastha Power generation company and the urban development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14726996", "title": "1 killed in accident", "text": "HUBLI: One person was killed and six were injured when a tractor collided with a goods tempo near Naganur village of Navalgund taluk on Thursday night.According to Navalgund police, the deceased is Parasappa Bannannavar, 35. He died while being shifted to the Navalgund Government hospital. The six injured are Jaitunabi, Jubeda, Shekappa, Kenchappa, Hanumavva and Neelavva. They are being treated at KIMS, Hubli. They all are residents of Naganur village. The accident took place when they were going to Shalavadi in their tractor to attend the cremation of a relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14732219", "title": "US drone strike kills 21 militants in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A US drone targeted a militant compound in the restive North Waziristan tribal region, killing at least 21 insurgents in the first such attack since Pakistan reopened NATO supply routes to Afghanistan.The CIA-operated spy plane fired two missiles at the compound in Datta Khel area near the Afghan border last evening.TV news channels quoted their sources as saying that 21 militants were killed. Foreign fighters were among the dead.The strike destroyed the compound, witnesses said. Datta Khel is considered a stronghold of Hafiz Gul Bahadur, the commander of a Taliban faction accused of sending militants across the border to fight foreign troops in Afghanistan.This was the first US drone strike since Pakistan restored supply lines for NATO troops in Afghanistan on Tuesday.It was also the second drone strike in North Waziristan agency in a week.A US drone strike had killed eight persons in Shawal area on July 1.Yesterday's strike came days after Pakistani leaders said talks were continuing with the US on ending the drone campaign following the reopening of NATO supply routes.The Foreign Office said on Thursday that the US drone attacks were counter-productive and a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty.The US has rejected calls from Pakistan to stop the drone strikes, insisting that the spy planes are effective in eliminating al-Qaeda and Taliban elements hiding in the tribal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726684", "title": "Insistence on original document to invite action, tech colleges told", "text": "BHOPAL: Directorate technical education (DTE) on Friday has clarified that insistence on depositing original documents by technical institutions during counselling will invite strict action.Students have been asked not to deposit their original documents at the assistance centre or allotted institution and take them back after verification. Students are also asked to obtain receipt of online registration, verification, online choice filling, allotment letter after reporting or taking admission.According to All India Technical Education Council ( AICTE), institutions are not authorised to keep original documents of students. Institutions are being instructed to ensure that original documents are not taken from students, a spokesperson of the DTE said.Besides, students have been asked to deposit the fees fixed by the fee and admission regulatory committee. Strict action will be taken against institutions violating the norms set by the government under Madhya Pradesh Private Commercial Institutions (Regulation of Admission and Fixation of Fees) Act 2007.The DTS said students should participate in counselling for taking admission in engineering colleges after minutely going through admission rules, counselling procedure, time-table etc available on official websites www.dtempcounselling.org and www.mponline.gov.in.The DTE stated that students should not try to take admission through any other source. \"Students should not trust on any false promises made by any outsider. They should also be cautious of touts,\" a spokesperson of the DTE said.Besides, students should not hand over their original documents or photocopies or any fee to any unauthorised person, spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14733063", "title": "People's response sought on transfers of employees", "text": "PUNE: Some employeees and officials in the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) are working on the same posts in the same departments for over two decades. This information has been revealed in the data put up by the civic body on its official website. The civic administration has sought suggestions and objections from the citizens before transferring these officials to other departments.There are 7,697 employees of the PCMC in class I to IV. An official or employees can continue in office on the same post in the same department for a maximum period of three years after which he has to be transferred as per the state government rules. But it seems there has been a violation of this rule in the civic body.The employees and officials in many departments like octroi, health, education, urban community development, water supply, security, electrical, building permission and others have not been transferred to other departments after serving in that department for three years. A chief security officer is in the same post for 22 years, while superintendent of Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital run by the civic body was in the same post for 22 years before getting promoted as Medical Officer of Health (MOH), the veterinary officer has been serving in the same post for 18 years, besides few other officials who are serving in the same post for more than a decade.Manav Kamble, president, Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti said, \"The employees in departments like octroi and building permission do not want to be transferred out of their posts. The officials and employees are reluctant to accept postings in water supply department as they have to face the wrath of the people for poor water supply. But still the PCMC should implement the state government rules strictly and transfer any employee or official to other department if he has completed the period of three years. This will ensure that the civic employees and officials become efficient and not develop any vested interests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725906", "title": "HC notice to Gadkari in case related to Yogita Thakre's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday issued notice to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari in the case related to alleged murder of seven-year-old Yogita Thakre in a car parked at Gadkari's home. It also asked the petitioner in the case to make Gadkari a party to it.A single-judge bench of justice Sadhana Jadhav granted interim relief to the petitioner Kishor Ingle in terms of staying criminal proceedings against him. Yogita was found dead under mysterious circumstances on the back seat of a car (MH-31/DB-2727) parked at Gadkariwada in Mahal on May 19, 2009. Her parents - Ashok and Vimal Thakre - had then filed a petition (WP-304/200) in the high court for transfer of investigations of the case to state Criminal Investigation Department (CID). They had contended through their plea that city police were trying to suppress the probe and conceal evidence to shield the offenders. A division bench comprising justices AP Lavande and PB Varale then transferred the investigations to CID. Sandhya Maniyar-Thakre was counsel for the petitioner.Ingle who was supporting the deceased's family secure justice had alleged that the police were not investigating the case properly under the influence of BJP chief. Gadkari had accused petitioner Ingle of defaming him and his family and even lodged a police complaint charging Ingle with blackmailing. Offences under Sections 385 and 511 of Indian Penal Code were later lodged against Ingle.Ingle then moved Judicial Magistrate First Class ( JMFC) court for quashing of criminal proceedings against him on January 29 last year. However, his application was rejected on August 2, 2011. On September 9 last year, he filed a criminal revision application challenging the JMFC's order but the fifth additional sessions judge too dismissed it on February 28. He finally moved the high court challenging this order with a prayer to quash orders passed by both lower courts. He also prayed for allowing his application for stopping of criminal proceedings against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725321", "title": "2nd notification for AMVIs' selection upheld", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the HC comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice KG Sankaron Friday said the date for considering applications for post of assistant motor vehicle inspectors would be one mentioned in the second notification issued by APPSC. APPSC issued a notification in December 2008 calling for applications and issued another in April 2009. Candidates contended that qualifications mentioned in the second one should be considered, the government used the first notification for recruitment.tnn The service tribunal upheld the plea of the government.However, the HC disagreed with the tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14725704", "title": "Row over dishonouring of cheques worth Rs34 cr issued by Gondia ZP", "text": "GONDIA: While admitting that cheques drawn on Gondia District Central Co-op Bank (GDCC) by the Gondia Zilla Parishad amounting to Rs34 crore in the first week of July bounced due inadequate funds on that date, the bank chairman and MLC Rajendra Jain said it was cumulative effect of politics in banking and use of banking in politics.The Gondia ZP is ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and GDCC bank is managed by the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), which has set a record in agriculture funding at zero per cent. The bank is distributing 70 per cent of the total agriculture financing in the district at zero per cent interest rate. Most ZP deposits are in this bank and now it wants to decentralize them.Cheques worth Rs34 crore, presented by the ZP and drawn on GDCC Bank on July 5, 2012, were returned with a remark to present them again on July 9. Technically speaking, the cheque bounced but the chain of events suggests otherwise.According to Jain, on June 26, the bank received a letter from the ZP expressing to diversify its deposits to five other banks. Jain spoke to the ZP president, Netrambhau Katre, and requested him to call a meeting of all those banks and that funds be deposited to one that offers the highest rate of interest. \"Other banks had offered 9.7 per cent interest rate, while the GDCC was offering 10 per cent. Even then why, on July 2, the ZP hurriedly entered into an agreement with Vainganga Co-op Bank and transferred deposit of Rs37 crore on July 4 is a mystery. The cheque bounce incident happened on July 5, an unexpected event for the GDCC,\" said Jain.\"The bank has deposits of Rs1.83 crore in the state cooperative bank, but we needed a few days to call funds from Mumbai and we had also requested the ZP to bear with us for two days, but unfortunately, they preferred to corner us. Of the targeted Rs90 crore finance to cultivators at zero per cent, we have already financed Rs61 crore for the current monsoon season. Even if when we do not get replenishment, we finance from our own funds,\" clarified Jain, ruling out allegations of cash crunch with the bank.When contacted, Netrambhau Katre ruled out any conspiracy and said that it was true that Jain had called him up for retaining deposits with GDCC but the general consensus of the members was in favour of the security of their funds rather than higher interest. \"So, we had resolved to transfer funds preferably in a nationalized bank because people's faith in GDCC had dwindled after misappropriation of funds in Arjuni Morgaon branch,\" said Katre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727251", "title": "Can\u2019t make Sec 17 vehicle-free: UT to HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four months after the directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court asking the Chandigarh administration to develop Sector-17 as pedestrians' paradise by making it a vehicle-free zone, administration on Friday made it clear that it's not possible to make Sector 17 completely vehicle-free.Appearing for the administration, senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal told the special bench comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari that Sector 17 cannot be converted into no-vehicle zone. Kaushal however, submitted that administration is conscious for shifting the transport mode to mass transport system to reduce the congestion/parking demands.He provided a detail of administration's short and long term plans to reduce the need of bringing in private vehicles to the core of the city. The details revealed that the administration has initiated the process of making underground parking functional, which is expected to accommodate around 20% vehicles coming in the plaza. It was further informed that administration is emphasizing on introducing BRT for short term and MRT for long term to reduce the vehicular congestion in city. An affidavit filed on behalf of UT finance secretary along with the minutes of meeting held on June 9 and 26 on the issue were also placed on record before the HC. After taking the affidavit on record, bench asked the amicus curie, advocate Reeta Kohli to file a reply on administration's suggestions by July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726537", "title": "Mayor visits 2 wards, a first for him after being elected", "text": "GURGAON: The mayor and his deputies visited two wards (23 and 24) in the city on Friday to take stock of the development works being carried out in the areas. This is the first such visit by the mayor, Vimal Yadav, and his team after being elected to the post last year. Yadav said that he'll undertake such visits at least twice a week from now on.\"I could not undertake this visit earlier as the finance committee was yet to approve development projects in these two wards. I am happy that I did it today, so I was able to get a firsthand experience of what the residents are going through each day,\" said Vimal Yadav, mayor, MCG.According to him, the civic condition in both these wards was miserable. \"I was shocked to see the condition in which the residents have been living in these two wards. In ward 23, I found that the sewer line was over flowing and despite repeated complaints by the residents, the concerned executive engineer, sub divisional officer and the junior engineer had not done anything about it. I will ask the commissioner to take action against these three officials,\" he said.\"Moreover, I have also asked the MCG to take action against the contractor who constructed the road in this ward, even though he knew that there was seepage under the road. Now the road has to be demolished and be built again to rectify the seepage issue,\" he added.With such visits likely to become a regular feature, the residents are hoping that the MCG officials will pay more heed to their complaints. \"I am glad that even though it was very late in the day, the mayor has taken the initiative to visit the wards. I am hopeful that the MCG officials will take our complaints seriously,\" said Rajiv Aggarwal, a Laxman Vihar resident.The mayor will next visit Badshahpur in the coming week. He has also announced that the next House meeting will be held within the next fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14732985", "title": "Regional Transport Office lodges complaint against two auto dealers", "text": "SURAT: Surat's Regional Transport Office (RTO) has registered complaint against two city-based vehicle dealers for their alleged involvement in the fake vehicle challan scam and issued notices to about 14 owners of high-end cars in the city.Official sources said that the involvement of two city-based dealership namely Ami Motors and Siddhi Auto came to light after the verification of the fake challans deposited by the kingpin identified as Manoj Jain with the RTO office. A case has already been registered against both the dealers for their connivance with the auto consultant in cheating the RTO.Also, the owners of 14 high-end car users who have registered their cars on fake challans have been issued notices after more than 228 challans of the high-end cars were verified by the transport officers.It is a practice in transport offices in the state that the vehicle tax amount is paid directly by the agents and dealers in the bank and that the tax challan copies issued by the banks have to be deposited in the RTO for the further process of vehicle registration.About 7069 fake challans were recovered during the investigation going on at the State Bank of India's (SBI) branch in Pal branch for the last one week. It was found that the accused, Manoj Jain was running the scam from the last one year.Jain was hand-in-glove with the bank officers, dealers and few of the employees in the transport office.A team of senior officers from Ahmedabad and Vadodara transport offices are camping in Surat to investigate the exact amount of cheating and loss to the government exchequer in the vehicle registration scam.A senior officer asking anonymity said, \"The owners of 14 high-end cars in the city have been asked to file their reply with the RTO office within 15 days failing which the department would initiate legal action against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725337", "title": "Drugs supplier in cop net", "text": "MUMBAI: A high-profile drugs supplier was arrested on Thursday in Khar with 4 gm of cocaine. The police said he had a wide peddling network and supplied cocaine to many pubs, parties and celebrities. The police produced the accused, Bakul Chanderia (38), before the special court on Friday. He has been remanded in police custody till Monday.The police suspect that Bakul had arranged for drugs at the recently raided rooftop party at Oakwood Premier hotel in Juhu. An officer said they learnt about Bakul during the probe in the Oakwood case.On May 20, a special team raided the hotel and detained 92 people and collected their blood and urine samples for medical tests. The police had arrested the hotel owner under the NDPS Act for providing his premises for the party. He is currently out on bail.Though the police failed to catch any drug peddler in the party, they recovered cocaine and other drugs from the premises. Bakul was in Nairobi when the party took place, the police said. An officer said, \"He was constantly in touch with the few suspects present in the party. He frequently visits African countries and is in contact with several suspicious Nigerians and African groups.\"One of the suspects, present in the party and in Bakul's contact, was arrested a few years ago in a drug peddling case after the police found drugs on him during a raid at a party at Bombay 72 Degrees in Juhu. A senior officer said, \"Bakul is known in the party circle and he conducts his business with the help of Nigerians.\" Bakul never came under the police scanner and this is the first time that he has been arrested in a drugs case. The police are investigating Bakul's regular suppliers and customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725959", "title": "Talks stuck; Dhotre's fast to go on", "text": "NAGPUR: Wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre's indefinite fast demanding better protection for tigers in the wild is likely to continue as talks between a four-member team from Nagpur and principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi failed to make headway on Friday.Pardeshi had called volunteers of Eco-Pro to Mumbai on Thursday to discuss Dhotre's demands. The team consisting of senior journalist Shyam Pandharipande, Bombay Natural History Society's ( BNHS) Sanjay Karkare, Srushti Paryavaran Mandal's Swanand Soni and Eco-Pro's Dhirendra Mulkalwar held talks with Pardeshi but no promise on them was forthcoming from government.After the talks, team was handed over a letter signed by joint secretary Vivek Khandekar stating the demands raised by Eco-Pro were positive and the government will certainly take note of them. \"With your cooperation, we would effectively protect wildlife,\" the letter stated.On the main demand of merging area under FDCM in Chandrapur with territorial divisions and form a wildlife circle, Pardeshi said this was not right. He offered that FDCM operations could be restricted in buffer areas. Already there was opposition to tigers in buffer. Merging vast areas for wildlife would invite more local resentment and would actually work against protection, he said. Pardeshi agreed to declaring Chandrapur tiger district.He said setting up a rescue centre in Chandrapur using CAMPA funds could be considered. The proposal of 'van patils' has been forwarded to finance department. On intelligence gathering, Pardeshi said steps were being taken. He said granting legal status to wildlife corridors was impossible but they could considered as eco-sensitive zones to save them from detrimental projects.On shifting of resorts outside the buffer, Pardeshi said buffer area was dominated by private land where government doesn't have control but resorts won't be allowed in sensitive areas. Instead, homesteads will be promoted in a big way.\"Pardeshi discussed all demands but nothing has been given in writing. The letter is also not addressed to Dhotre. Under such circumstances it will be difficult to call off the fast,\" said Pandharipande who led the team.Meanwhile, Dhotre's fast entered sixth day and his sugar level has gone down. Support for him remains strong. On Friday, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe, BJP MLAs from Nana Shyamkule and Atul Deshkar visited Dhotre.Deshkar told TOI the forest department was not prepared to handle wildlife exigencies. The demands for reorganization, better protection, corridor conservation weregenuine. \"I'll meet forest secretary on Monday to press for the demands raised by Dhotre,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14727252", "title": "Rohtas police give special treatment to VIP accused", "text": "SASARAM: Rohtas police are again in the news for the wrong reason as, contrary to the general concept of law, it differentiates between 'aam' (common people) and 'khas' (influential persons) even while taking action against an accused. The attitude of the district police was visible on Thursday when a named accused in two serious cases, Gopal Narayan Singh, former state BJP president appeared in the court and the police did not dare touch him.Sasaram DSP Ashish Anand said the police had no information about the presence of the former BJP president. Sources said after getting anticipatory bail from Patna High Court in connection with illegal quarrying, Singh, against whom notice for property attachment had already been issued by a local court, surrendered before the CJM, Sasaram, for furnishing his bail bond. After legal formalities, he was released immediately. However, the police did not dare arrest him in other two cases related to another case associated with illegal quarrying and violation of Explosive Substances Act in which he is a named accused, and his anticipatory bail petition has already been rejected by the court of district and sessions judge (DJ), Rohtas.Sources said during the last one year, the district administration launched major campaigns against illegal quarrying in the stone quarries of Kaimur hills. On several occasions, Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj himself led the campaign in which only workers were arrested. Records of cases related to illegal quarrying revealed that the police did not care to follow the rules while sending the workers to jail, but left no stone unturned to follow all procedure like the SP's supervision report, procurement of arrest and property attachment warrant against the named accused. About a dozen workers had to remain in jail for long but the police made no attempt to arrest Singh in one case related to illegal quarrying. Incidentally, the informant in the two cases was not a common man, but the police officers themselves and the cases were lodged on the Rohtas SP's directive.The records of the three cases lodged on February 26, 2012, by the SHO of Muffasil PS revealed that the SP took three months to pass an order for the arrest of the five named accused (absconding) including Gopal Narayan Singh in connection with illegal quarrying and violation of Explosive Substances Act. Incidentally, the investigation officer (IO) also took a fortnight to procure the warrant of arrest. Despite all this, no one was arrested. But in the same cases, police arrested 50 workers before lodging of FIRs. It is another issue that in the case diary, police claimed raids were on to arrest the kingpin.Last week, the police attached the property of three named accused within five days of the murder of a suspected police informer at Dehri-on-Sone on the court's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14725702", "title": "Labourer dad of virus victim raised Rs 1.25L", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Forty-year-old daily wage labourer Budha Jabriya Chavan has spent nearly Rs 1.25 lakh on the treatment of his daughter, Sarita, who died of H1N1 complications at MGM Hospital at CBD-Belapur on July 3.\"We wanted to give our daughter the best treatment for H1N1, which is why we admitted her at MGM Hospital on June 25. However, despite taking huge loans from friends and relatives, Sarita passed away due to a delay in diagnosis. Now how do I repay all the loans?\" asked a worried Chavan.Both Chavan and his wife have been working as labourers for the past 20 years in Navi Mumbai. They live at the Jai Durga Mata Nagar colony of CBD. Together, they barely earn Rs 200 to Rs 250 on a good day.Empathizing with their situation, Manda Mhatre, former member of legislative council (MLC) and senior leader of NCP from Belapur, said, \"I will try to find a citizens' group or a social organization who can help the Chavan family. They are poor hutment dwellers, who tried to get the best medical treatment to their daughter despite their meagre means. They must, therefore, get compensation for the amount they have spent.''Mhatre added that she will speak to NMMC officials to raise more awareness about H1N1 virus, so that it does not harm others.Aditi Lahiri, a Belapur activist, said, \"A big private hospital such as MGM should take into consideration the financial status of the Chavan family to ease their burden. Also, I feel that the state government should also come forward to help out in such cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725570", "title": "Closing deadlines to be relaxed, say cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cops have decided to go easy on deadlines on working hours of restaurants, eateries and business establishments in the Old City during Ramzan, given the hectic shopping activity and heavy traffic that the holy month witnesses. The South Zone police, after a round of discussions with the principal secretary of the minorities welfare department, came to this decision on Thursday.Restaurants will be given a free run as they will beallowed to cater to the taste buds of rozedars early in the morning till sahr. Further, the authorities have decided to let textile shops to remain open till at least 11 pm in the first half of Ramzan considering the high demand of buying new clothes this seasons. The timings would be extended in the latter half of the month.Although shops have been allowed to remain open till late night every year during Ramzan, shopkeepers from Madina and Pathergatti said that they were apprehensive of restrictions this year due to the recent disturbances in the area but were relieved after they found out that they would be allowed to function till late at night.Sources from the police department say that two companies each of the rapid action force (RAF) and the central reserve police force (CRPF) which have already been deployed on Bonalu bandobast duty since June 21 will continue to work in tandem with the South Zone police till Eid which is likely to be on August 20.Additional door frame metal detectors will also be procured. Sources said that additional forces will not be deployed at places of worship such as mosques and dargahs except on Shab-e-Qadr (27th day of Ramzan as per the Islamic calendar Fasli) likely to be observed on August 16, Jummatul Vida (the last Friday of Ramzan) and on Eid-ul-Azha, likely to be on the August 20.Akun Sabharwal, DCP, South Zone said, \"Due to the festive season we have decided to let business establishments function till late at night. The trend is that people venture out with their families for shopping in the evening after breaking their fast. Police personnel will be on the lookout for pickpockets. However, we do not expect any trouble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725528", "title": "Virender Sehwag blasts media for 'twisting' comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after commenting on how \"a strong Indian team\" was the reason behind skipper MS Dhoni's remarkable success, opener Virender Sehwag took to Twitter, claiming that his comments had been misinterpreted and \"twisted\" by the media to make it \"newsworthy\".Sehwag first suggested - at the launch of former India stumper Saba Karim's academy on Friday - that a strong unit rather than the skipper's tactical skills had helped India win two World Cups (the 50-over and 20-over versions) under MS Dhoni .\"I think Dhoni had a very strong team. And it's always easier to win with such a strong team, just as Australia were doing at one point. Australia won three World Cups because they had a strong team and not just because of the captain,\" he said, blunt as ever, adding: \"We believe we have a very strong team and that's why we won two World Cups, backed by MS Dhoni's captaincy.\"Coming on the heels of the much-publicized 'rift' between Dhoni and the swashbuckling opening batsman - originating in India's disastrous tour of Australia - the comments immediately attracted media attention, following which Sehwag chose to issue a clarification. Sehwag tweeted, \"Unfortunate when a comment is twisted to make it newsworthy. Gist of what I said: we had a great team and thus we have won two World Cups under MSD.\"He added: \"MSD is a good captain and one of the most successful captains we have had. To imply anything else from my statement was irresponsible.\"'Allow Tendulkar to pick and choose tours'While the perceived flip-flop over Dhoni's contributions attracted the most attention, Sehwag also backed Sachin Tendulkar's decision to make himself unavailable for the upcoming ODI and T20 tour of Sri Lanka.\"Not only me but the entire country will miss him playing in Sri Lanka. Sachin is 39 now and one must consider that he needs rest and has to choose the series he wants to play (in). Hopefully, he will be back for the Tests this season.\"Sehwag will be making a comeback into the ODI form but dismissed queries on his fitness status, saying: \"I played the entire IPL and I bowled as well. The question about my fitness doesn't arise now. The ODI tour of Sri Lanka will also help me in preparing for the Twenty20 World Cup to be held there.\"On the travails of the India 'A' team in the Caribbean, Sehwag said, \"Some do well on these kind of tours and some don't. That doesn't mean they are not good players. It (growth of the batsmen) will happen with exposure. It's up to them to rectify their mistakes on these tours and come back and keep performing in the domestic circuit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732796", "title": "Deeksha Piyush says bye to her Indian Idol dream!", "text": "After downsizing to ten finalists, Indian Idol season 6 on Sony TV will eliminate the first of the ten finalists on tonight's episode (7 July 2012).Sources inform that 18 year old Deeksha Piyush from Delhi will bid adieu to the singing reality show tonight. Charit Dixit, the tenth contestant to be finalized was in the bottom three along with Sohini Mishra and Deeksha Piyush. This episode was special as it was dedicated to acting legends Shammi Kapoor , Dev Anand and legendary music singer Jagjit Singh .Although this ends Deeksha Piyush's journey on Indian Idol, the teenager still dreams of becoming an established singer. Wishing Deeksha all the luck!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14726036", "title": "Notice to officials on overcrowded prison", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has ordered notice to the home secretary, health secretary and top officials of the prison department, with regard to a PIL seeking implementation of the recommendations made in a report by the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (Nimhans).City advocate Amit Anand, who filed the PIL, sought direction to the authorities to file an action taken report on the recommendations of the report. He prayed to court to direct the authorities to build separate prisons for undertrial prisoners and first-time offenders. As per the 2010 report by Nimhans, the prison at Parappana Agrahara has 5,200 inmates, as against its capacity of 2,100.The petitioner sought the appointment of at least one doctor for 500 prisoners and three paramedics, nurses and psychiatrists for every 700 prisoners. The study also revealed high levels of carbon monoxide among the prisoners, and that 61.3% consumed drugs, including cannabis, cocaine and barbiturates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14732711", "title": "MTNL aims 15% revenue from internet and SMS services", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom PSU MTNL looks to increase the contribution of non-voice services like internet and SMSes to total revenue to 15 per cent this financial year from 10 per cent in the last fiscal.\"This fiscal we are looking at 15 per cent revenue from non-voice services from 10 per cent in last financial year,\" MTNL's Executive Director for Wireless Services A K Bhargava said on sidelines of VAS Asia 2012 event.Bhargava said MTNL has started consolidating value added services and enhanced focus on the services that are more in demand.\"We are working on process to enhance customer experience with priority to address his pain points as we consolidate. The idea is to focus on few services to provide rich customer experience and reduce their grievances,\" he said.In FY'12, MTNL reported revenue of Rs 3,368.99 crore compared to Rs 3,673.95 crore in FY'11.To improve its revenue, the company has started working in sync with other state-run telecom company BSNL .Recently, MTNL stopped promotional offer for plans under which customers were charged on a per minute basis resulting its customers pay up to 50 per cent more compared to the previous rates on calls.Bhargava explained that the company has not increased tariff but consolidating tariff plans and as a result stopped some of the promotional plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727399", "title": "Two die in road mishap", "text": "MYSORE: In a hit-and-run case, two bicyclists were killed on spot in Chamarajanagar town on Thursday.The deceased are Prakash, 30 and Siddappaji, 30, of Alur village.They were travelling to their native place after watching a movie when the accident took place around 10 pm. Cops are suspecting that a truck may have hit them. Investigation is on.Two-wheelers recovered, 1 heldNanjangud police have solved a theft case where eight two-wheelers had gone missing by arresting a labourer on Friday. Cops have recovered all the stolen vehicles, worth Rs 1.25 lakh, from him.SP R Dileep said, Masanashetty, 35, of Immavu village of Nanjangud taluk, was arrested on suspicion. Later he was subjected to questioning during which he confessed his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "white sulphur springs", "code": "14732660", "title": "Atwal makes cut, Tiger and Mickelson miss out", "text": "WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal sank a tense 13-foot putt for a birdie on the 18th hole to squeeze inside the cutline but the two big names of the event Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson missed the cut at the Greenbrier Classic.Atwal, who has had a tough time this season, missing more cuts than he has made, is now one-under 139 for two rounds on the par-70 Old White TPC Course.Daniel Chopra missed the cut with a second round 74 after his first round 69.Atwal had a bogey on the seventh but made up with birdies on 11th and 12th but a bogey on 13th placed him in the danger zone.He hauled himself back to safety with a long birdie putt on the final hole to survive the cut.But the big news was Tiger Woods missing the cut at the same event a week after winning his third title of the season.Woods shot 71 and 69 and it was only ninth missed cut in his entire year.Also missing the cut was Phil Mickelson, making it the first time the two have missed the cut in the same tournament as professionals.When Woods was an amateur, he and Mickelson missed the cut at the 1993 Byron Nelson.US Open champion Webb Simpson moved to the top of the leaderboard at nine-under as play was halted earlier due to darkness on ad ay when play was also delayed due to rain.First round leader, Vijay Singh dropped down the leaderboard with a second round 74 after a first round 63.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726935", "title": "ICAI to waive off CPT for graduates with good marks", "text": "VADODARA: Those aspiring for chartered accountancy (CA) as a career option will no longer have to appear for common proficiency test (CPT) provided they score well in graduation.The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has proposed to forgo the CPT exams for commerce graduates, who pass with 55 per cent and above, and for non-commerce graduates scoring more than 60 per cent.ICAI president Jaydeep Shah said that this will benefit a large number of CA aspirants. \"The law ministry has already cleared our proposal and it is now with corporate affairs ministry. As soon as it is approved by them, the decision will come into effect,\" said Shah. Commerce students graduating with at least 55 per cent are expected to have a certain degree of knowledge about accountancy and hence we decided to waive off CPT exams for them,\" he added.In another landmark decision, ICAI has increased the stipend of trainee students. \"Considering the demand of the students in the face of increasing living costs we have decided to increase the stipend. I know that many CAs will not be happy with the move but it is for the benefit of the students,\" said Shah who was in the city on Friday to attend the All India CA Students' Conference. The inaugural session of the conference was addressed by Anand Gokani, great grandson of Mahatma Gandhi.ICAI authorities further disclosed that a group has been formed to provide necessary inputs and suggestions on effectively addressing the issue of black money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14725387", "title": "Former Vuda chief grilled by CBI", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: An IAS officer was grilled by the CBI officials here on Friday for nearly seven hours for alleged misuse of powers in allotment of a piece of land of Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda).Former vice-chairman of Vuda, V Nagendra Vishnu, appeared before the CBI which was investigating the case of illegal allotment of land in MVP Colony to private parties. The interrogation lasted almost seven hours at the CBI office in the city. According to the sources, CBI cops got valuable information from Vishnu, who was transferred as Guntur district collector. Vishnu is yet to be given any new posting after the recent reshuffle of IAS officers.CBI DIG G Nageswara Rao refused to divulge any details about the enquiry. The CBI, which formally launched its probe into the Rs 526 crore scam involving allotment of plots to private persons by Vuda in violation of court orders nine days ago, served summons to Vishnu to attend the investigation. A principal secretary rank officer, Vishnu had allegedly violated norms by allotting plots to private parties on a piece of land (85 cents) reserved for construction of a community centre as per the original approved layout.When Vishnu was the VC of Vuda, he reportedly gave permissions to private persons and had also given the building approval plan for the site after he was transferred to Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation as commissioner.Sources said all the violations were included in the report submitted to the government by present VC of Vuda, Kona Sasidhar. When the issue snowballed into a major controversy, the GVMC revoked its approval of the building plan three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14724836", "title": "Pranab\u2019s resignation not genuine: Sushma Swaraj", "text": "SHIMLA: Launching a fresh attack on UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukerjee, Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj today alleged that his signatures on the papers he put in while resigning from ISI, Kolkata were not genuine.Swaraj, who was at Kangra in Himachal to inaugurate the three-day meeting of National Executive of Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM), said, \"It was painful that Pranab forgot to resign from the post of ISI chairman, an office of profit, and when the BJP raised doubts, he submitted his resignation that had forged signatures on it.\"Contending that Mukherjee had not quit the post of ISI chairman before filing his nomination for presidential polls, the BJP leader said his papers should have been rejected by the Returning Officer (RO) since the post was an \"office of profit\", which was a disqualification if the candidate held the post at the time of filing nominations.Terming Mukherjee's resignation as \"fake\", Swaraj alleged that in a bid to save the UPA nominee's papers, a letter of resignation was prepared hurriedly and forged signature put on it.Stating that the difference in signatures of Pranab Mukherjee in his nomination papers and the resignation letter were clearly discernible, she said, \"Even a small kid can spot the difference between Mukherjee's signature on his nomination papers and the resignation letter.\"Swaraj said what substantiated the charge against Mukherjee was the date on the resignation letter and questioned how was it possible that a letter sent to the ISI on June 20 reached Kolkata the very same day, was accepted and sent back to Delhi.\"The resignation letter has no official seal of the ISI on it and instead it was written on the letterhead of the finance minister,\" claimed Swaraj, adding that neither the finance minister nor the ISI had made any official entry of the letter in its records.Asked if the BJP would submit a complaint to Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) against the order of the Returning Officer rejecting Sangma's objections and demand to disqualify Mukherjee, Swaraj said it was for Sangma to decide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727644", "title": "High-speed rail corridor may go up to Udupi", "text": "KOCHI: The proposed Rs 1.20 lakh crore Thiruvananthapuram-Kasaragod high-speed rail corridor is likely to be extended to Udupi.Karnataka government has written to Kerala officials in charge of the project suggesting such an extension.\"They have also expressed willingness to fund the stretch of the high-speed rail corridor passing through their state,\" high-speed rail corporation (HSRC) CMD T Balakrishnan told TOI. \"They see a lot of potential in attracting passengers to pilgrim centres like Mookambika Temple. Anyway we are planning to extend it to Mangalore, which is a proper terminus than Kasaragod,\" Balakrishnan said.HSRC said the distance of the rail corridor between Thiruvananthapuram-Kasaragod will be 521 km while it will be 564 km if the project is extended to Mangalore. The distance estimate for Udupi is yet to be worked out. The high speed train, with a speed of 300 km/hour, will reach Kasaragod from Thiruvananthapuram in 2.42 hours. A journey from Thiruvananthapuram to Mangalore will only take in 2.53 hours.Balakrishnan said the corridor will cover 11 districts and bypass only Wayanad, Palakkad and Idukki. He claimed that the project could break even within six to seven years.\"Japanese agency JICA has shown interest to provide loan for the project and this continues to be the first option. JICA loan will have a moratorium of 10 years and repayment period of about 40 years. We are also keeping our options open on availing loan from ADB and World Bank ,'' he said.Kochi: The proposed Rs 1.20 lakh crore Thiruvananthapuram-Kasaragod high-speed rail corridor is likely to be extended to Udupi in Karnataka.The Karnataka government has written to the Kerala officials in charge of the project suggesting such an extension of the project. They have also expressed willingness to fund that stretch of the high speed rail corridor passing through their state, T Balakrishnan, who is the chairman and managing director of high-speed rail corporation (HSRC) formed by the state told TOI here.\"They see lot of potential in attracting passengers to pilgrim centres like Mookambika Temple. Anyway we are planning to extend it to Mangalore, which is a proper terminus than Kasaragod,\" Balakrishnan said.HSRC said the distance of the rail corridor between Thiruvananthapuram-Kasaragod will be 521 km while it will be 564 km if it is extended to Mangalore. The distance estimates of the corridor extended up to Udupi was yet to be worked out. The high speed train with a speed of 300 km per hour will reach Kasaragod from Thiruvananthapuram in 2.42 hours and will reach Mangalore in 2.53 hours.Balakrishnan said the corridor will cover 11 districts and bypass only Wayanad, Palakkad and Idukki districts.He claimed that the project could break even within six to seven years.The Japanese agency JICA has shown interest to provide loan for the project and this continues to be the first option. JICA loan will have a moratorium of 10 years and repayment period of about 40 years.\"We are also keeping our options open on availing loan from ADB and World Bank,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727586", "title": "Undertrials at Pranab lunch: Probe ordered", "text": "LUCKNOW: Principal secretary (Home) RK Srivastava on Friday ordered a probe into the circumstances in which two jailed MLAs reached the official residence of the chief minister to attend a lunch hosted on July 4 in the honour of UPA's Presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee.Jailed MLAs mafia don Mukhtar Ansari and Vijay Misra had been shifted to Lucknow to attend the assembly session after due permission from the designated courts. However the two were spotted attending the lunch with Mukherjee at the official residence of the chief minister at 5, Kalidas Marg in Lucknow.It was later revealed that both the MLAs had flouted the court orders to attend the lunch as they were permitted to visit the Vidhan Sabha and return back to Lucknow jail once the assembly proceedings for the day were completed. But both of them not only went beyond the assembly hall but also used their private SUVs to reach the CM residence with their police escort in tow in another vehicle.The issues drew widespread criticism from various quarters -- particularly the political rivals -- who questioned the presence of the two MLAs at the chief minister's function . Once officially confirmed that the two had flouted the court orders, principal secretary (home )on Friday ordered an inquiry to be completed within the next 7 days, tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14725941", "title": "Sule wants job opportunities for young women", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: MP and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader, Supriya Sule , on Thursday interacted with young women and gave a patient hearing to their complaints and suggestions during her visit to Chandrapur. She was here to participate in a convention to promote a separate wing recently floated by NCP for young women.\"Women now have 50 per cent reservation in local bodies; hence their involvement in politics is necessary. NCP has floated separate wing for young women to make them more expressive and help them to evolve as leaders. It will encourage girls to assert themselves and play active role in public life through social work. I have been initially given responsibility of this wing and there is good response to the party's endeavour,\" said Sule while interacting with reporters.Sule claimed that young women in Chandrapur are confidant and expressive. \"The girls I interacted with were confident like those in Mumbai and Bangalore. They have talent and need opportunities to prove themselves,\" she said. Sule said they apprised her of their problems and that they have little job opportunities in Chandrapur's industries. Similarly, those studying in ITIs too get no priority. \"I am going to take up this issue with minister for higher and technical education, Rajesh Tope, and ask him to see that the industries give them opportunities,\" Sule claimed.She informed that senior leaders in party have taken some concrete decisions regarding problems faced by young women. One of them was lack of public toilets. \"Deputy chief minister, Ajit Pawar, has directed every MLA from NCP to spend Rs20 lakh per year from local development fund for construction of public toilets. The party has also decided to shoulder the responsibility of educating girls whose fathers have committed suicide. This problem was put forth by suicide prone belt of Yavatmal. A programme will be held in November for adoption of girls for education,\" she said. Senior NCP leaders accompanied Sule during her visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726082", "title": "Illegal mining, corruption continues in BJP regime: Congress", "text": "PANAJI: Coming out openly against the Manohar Parrikar-led BJP government since the last assembly elections held in March this year, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar accused the government of not curbing illegal mining activities and said that illegal mining has continued in the state of Goa.Speaking to mediapersons after the GPCC meeting held in the city on Friday evening, Shirodkar said the mining issue which was played up during the election as illegal mining still continued as it was. \"Illegal mining is continuing in the state,\" Shirodkar alleged.The extended GPCC meeting was attended by the Congress MLAs, officer bearers and Congress candidates who lost the recent elections, but leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane was not present at the meeting.Shirodkar also said that the Congress party was monitoring each and every decision of the government.He also said that during the last four months, the Congress was only hearing dates from the government on the various assurances given to the people. \"Where is zero tolerance to corruption,\" said Shirodkar.The Congress party will raise all the issues in the upcoming assembly session as well as outside the assembly, Shirodkar said.The Congress party meeting has also discussed the mining issue and medium of instruction (MOI) issue and unanimously felt that the government was practicing unfair policies. \"Congress workers have unanimously decided to condemn the government decisions on mining, MOI and law and order,\" Shirodkar said. Shirodkar also questioned whether the government had taken any decision on the MOI issue.Shirodkar said that the Congress party is ready to hit the street or to hold 'Jail bharo andolan' on the issue of delimitation during the panchayat election; the issue of the government changing the chairperson of South Goa zilla panchayat; Goa Cricket Association election and no confidence motion against the chairman of the Goa state cooperative society.\"Congress party is ready to do an agitation on this issue,\" said Shirodkar.Congress party has also discussed and deliberated on the debacle in the recently held assembly election.\"We have decided to reactivate all departments and cells of Goa Pradesh Congress Committee,\" said Shirodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14727506", "title": "Law and order satisfactory despite shortage of police: Jag Mohan Yadav", "text": "VARANASI: Uttar Pradesh is facing shortage of police personnel right from constable to IPS levels, said ADG (law and order) Jag Mohan Yadav. Despite that, the law and order situation was satisfactory in the state, he added.Yadav was here on Friday to review the law and order and preparations for the holy month of Shrawan in the city and adjoining districts. \"There is acute shortage of police force at all levels,\" said Yadav while replying queries of reporters. He said that efforts were being made to fill the vacant posts. \"Around 35,000 constables were recruited and the process is on to recruit one lakh more constables,\" he said. The recruitment would take two years.The overall situation of law and order was satisfactory. \"It is our achievement that barring few cases, we conducted the civic elections peacefully in the state without the help of Central forces,\" he said.CCTV cameras would be installed along the roads and other identified points across the state to put an effective check on crime. Instead of maintaining the crime data, emphasis was being laid on preventive measures and working out the cases, he added.Regarding the preparations for Shrawan, Yadav he said that adequate police force, including PAC and RAF would be deployed at identified points to avert untoward incidents.Proper coordination with district administration and various departments would be maintained for the convenience of devotees visiting the city from far off places, he said. The routes of Kanwariyas had been divided in sectors and zones to keep proper monitoring and quick action in case of emergency. The ADG held a meeting of police officials of all districts of Varanasi zone. He would also hold a similar meeting in Allahabad on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14732167", "title": "Delhi Airport Metro corridor to resume operations in two months: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after deciding to suspend operations of the 16-month-old Delhi Airport Metro Express, government on Saturday claimed the high-speed corridor would resume services in two months time after necessary repairs, but left many questions unanswered.Union urban development ministry, the Delhi government, Delhi Metro and Reliance Infrastructure were at odds to explain the decision to suspend operations for an indefinite period on the 23-km line owing to faults in civil structure on the corridor where trains are run at a speed of 105 kmph.A committee comprising officials from the Indian Railways, Delhi Metro and Reliance Infrastructure is already going into the nature of defects and would submit a report within the next 10 days after which rectification works would be carried out.\"The Reliance Infrastructure reported that there are some defects in the civil structure. There are problems with the bearing which is the interface between the pillar and girder. Repairs have to be done below the girders and it is in odd kind of locations,\" urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna told a press conference here.Out of 2100 bearings on the elevated section of the corridor, nearly 230 of them need some correction or the other.Krishna said Reliance Infra, the operator of the Line, insisted the operations should be suspended till the repairs works are done as it involves safety of passengers.\"By the end of August, we expect the Line to be functional again,\" he said in response to a volley of questions.Sumit Banerjee, CEO, Infrastructure of Reliance Infra, admitted that the corridor was not making profits, but they would continue to run the Line and would not close it down.\"This decision is purely linked with safety,\" Banerjee said.However, Krishna and Delhi chief secretary P K Tripathi were evasive on who will bear the cost of repairs works to be carried out. While Reliance Infra operates and maintains the corridor, the civil structure was built by Delhi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14724890", "title": "Infosys\u2019 US harassment case sent for mediation", "text": "BANGALORE: A US federal judge has referred whistleblower Jack Palmer's harassment case against Infosys Technologies for mediation on July 24.Palmer, an Infosys employee in the US, had alleged that the company had misused visas, and then subsequently alleged that the company mistreated him for bringing the \"misuse\" to public attention.While a grand jury is looking into the visa misuse charges, Palmer's harassment charge has been now referred for mediation.\"The two sides were directed to provide to the mediator, on or before July 23, confidential mediation statements,\" a US-based news portal itbusinessedge reported.A mediation conference is a process by which parties submit their dispute to a neutral third party who helps them reach a settlement. When asked for comments, an Infosys spokesperson said, \"Mediation is part of a standard procedure in such cases.\"Palmer, according to reports in the US media, has alleged that after he went public with the visa fraud accusations, was harassed by superiors and co-workers, given no work, no bonuses and had been denied access to the company's computers. His original lawsuit against Infosys relates to the company allegedly using B1 visas \u2014 meant for travelling to consult with associates, attend training or a convention \u2014 to bring Indian employees to the US to work on client projects. The lawsuit in February 2011 prompted federal prosecutors in Texas, where Infosys has offices, to open a criminal investigation. It is now being looked at by a grand jury, and if it finds Infosys guilty, not only will it be a setback for the company, it may open up similar investigations against other Indian IT players.Sajai Singh, partner and IT specialist at law firm J Sagar Associates, said many courts were encouraging parties to try mediation. Sajan Poovayya, managing partner in law firm Poovayya &amp; Co, said that in the US, mediation was effective because getting into trials was expensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732402", "title": "Piritiya Tohre Naam movie launch", "text": "Piritiya Tohre Naam was launched at Mumbai recently. The movie is based on a true story. Sudeep Pandey and Kalpana Shah are the main lead in the movie.Manoj Kumar is the writer and has also produced the movie. And movie is directed by Anjan Goswami. before this Anjan Goswami had worked as assistant director for many films like, Agneesakshi, Dalal, Gulam - e - Mustafa etc. But this is his solo directorial debut.Brijesh Tripathi, Gopal Rai, Bipin Singh, Birbal, Manmauji , K.K. Goswami, Arun Bakshi, Raj Shekh, Mushtaq Khan, child artist Payal Roy and Yash Goswami are the other stars in the movie who were also present at the launch.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "latehar (jharkhand)", "code": "14730427", "title": "Maoists stop goods train for six hours in Jharkhand", "text": "LATEHAR (JHARKHAND): Maoists stopped a goods train at Hehegara in Latehar district, disrupting train services in the wee hours, police said on Saturday.Some trains, including Ranchi-Banaras Inter-city Express, were held up at various stations following the incident, superintendent of police Kranti Kumar said here.After getting information, the security forces rushed to the spot, but the Maoists had left the place, he said. The train services were restored later.The Maoists had blasted the tracks and destroyed the building at the Hehegara Railway Station during their 24-hour Jharkhand bandh last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14733029", "title": "Shiromani Akali Dal demands all party meeting for making CBI autonomous", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following BSP Mayawati's exoneration by Supreme Shiromani Akali Dal has demanded that it once again proved that CBI had become Congress Bureau of Investigation and has demanded that it should be made an autonomous statutory body like Election Commission of India. The party has also sought an all party meet to thrash out the issue.SAD President Sukhbir Singh Badal said here on Saturday that Mayawati's case had once again proved that Congress party was misusing CBI as a tool to fix its rivals and to keep its minority government in power.\"We have been demanding since decades that that CBI should be a statutory autonomous body on the pattern of Election Commission of India and Union government should not have any control over it,\" Badal said. He said that Congress party to safeguard its own interests had adopted 'dossier culture' to get opened appropriate dossier by CBI, whenever a leader from rival party or even from its allies would refuse to Congress culture line. He said that even Captain Amrinder Singh had tried the same trick using state vigilance Bureau accusing Badals of amassing rupees 3600 crores wealth that fell flat in the court, exposing evil mechanization of Captain.Giving a call for all party meeting on this crucial issue of objectivity and autonomy of CBI, Badal said that all parties would have to unitedly force Congress party to give total autonomy to CBI and seek the intervention of President of India for this important Constitutional issue.\"This is not the first case as Congress enjoyed an unassailable record in misusing the various institutions, including CBI, to serve its political interests. He said that the Congress party was so overwhelmingly obsessed that it even repeatedly risks exposing itself to Supreme Court reprimands. He said that it was due to Congress party's influence that even after 28 years of '84 riots, in the past CBI had failed to present any concrete evidence against Congress leaders accused in the case and sat over the cases for years,' he said.Describing Supreme Court judgment a wakeup call for Indian polity, Badal said that time had come to free the federal investigation agency from the clutches of Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726640", "title": "Singur bill not in a haste, insists Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as chief minister Mamata Banerjee rebuffed opposition allegations that the Singur legislation was done in a haste, she took their cue to direct the higher education minister Bratya Basu to form a legislation on reservation of other backward classes (OBC), including the Muslims, in higher education institution and rename the Cooch Behar University as Cooch Behar Panchanan Barma University.Banerjee, speaking before the passage of a bill envisaging 17% reservations for OBCs in state jobs, made it clear that her government wasn't doing these keeping an eye on the panchayat polls, unlike the Left who had tried to pass the same bill in a haste before the 2011 assembly elections.\"The Singur bill wasn't done in haste. Neither was it wrong. It wasn't done with any election in mind, but to give shape to the promises we had made to people before the elections. Whatever we do, it has to be in the realms of the constitution. We can't break down the constitutional provisions only to further a political agenda,\" she said.Taking a dig at the Left, she said: \"They had tried to pass the OBC reservation bill in a haste with an eye on the impending elections. It was riddled with loopholes. It was even challenged in the court. We did a detailed survey before preparing the bill. Why bring a bill which can't even be given effect? Of the 35 new categories added to the list (who will benefit from the reservation), 33 are Muslims. My government is aware of the increasing Muslim population and their demands.\"Earlier in the day, assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said: \"We don't oppose the bill, but would like to point out a few things. During the Left tenure, the same legislation was passed within a fortnight of the Ranganath Mishra Commission report was made public. It was awaiting the Governor's assent when the new government took charge. They could have passed the bill instead of wasting 13 months enacting a new legislation on the same matter. The Mishra Commission had made several recommendations. My request to the chief minister will be to consider similar reservations, that can also be made in the higher education institutions.\" Later, Mamata said: \"I believe backward and poor people should have reservations in higher education too. I request Bratya to form a legislation on it and introduce it in the House before the next assembly session.\"Mishra had also moved an amendment to rename the Cooch Behar University as Manishi Panchanan Barma University, to respect the sentiment of millions of Rajbonshis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726580", "title": "2 siblings die in Versova flat after pest control", "text": "MUMBAI: In a tragic turn of events at a Versova housing society, two young siblings believed to be in their twenties died an unnatural death by alleged pesticide poisoning. Rehab and Rameez Chougule, children of a prominent female social worker of Versova, were rushed to hospital Wednesday after being found under \"toxic shock\". Rehab passed away on Wednesday while her older brother Rameez, a homoeopathic doctor, died on Friday.\"The family had undertaken pest control work in its apartment on Tuesday after which the siblings arrived home. We hear that they forgot to open the windows and switched on the air-conditioner, leading the poisonous gas to circulate within the house,\" said a member of Panch Dhara Society where the Chougules live. The intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday wrought disaster.The building staff saw the family rush the two youngsters to hospital by car around 6.30am on Wednesday. The girl Rehab was said to be declared dead on arrival while her brother Rameez lost the battle for life on Friday. However, the family maintained a stoic silence over its loss. \"We have not filed a police complaint and do not wish to discuss this matter either,\" said a relative who arrived to pay condolence.Versova police confirmed that no case of unnatural death had been filed over the past two days and society members said a doctor who lives in the apartment building was not approached for help. \"We do not know which hospital Rehab and Rameez were taken to either,\" said a neighbour. \"We accompanied the girl's corpse to the end of the lane during her funeral procession.\"Neighbours recall Rehab as the prettiest girl in the lane, always smiling and cheerful. Her mother is a member of Panch Dhara's managing committee and is known to help poor and underprivileged students with opportunities in education. \"She does not deserve to have both children pass away in this manner,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14725053", "title": "Traders down shutter against local body tax", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Traders of city observed total bandh in town to protest the local body tax (LBT) imposed in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) jurisdiction on Friday. Local chapter of chamber of commerce and traders union had called the bandh and it was backed by petrol pump operators actively.All shops and petrol pumps in the town remained closed during the day. However, there was no effect of the bandh on the working of banks and education institutions.From July 1, the state government has imposed the LBT in six corporations including Chandrapur and Amravati in Vidarbha. In Amravati too the LBT has not gone down well with the local traders. Even many members of the Amravati Municipal Corporation too were not happy with the LBT and had demanded an extension on the implementation date to next fiscal.Faced with no other option, the Chandrapur Municipal Corporation levied the LBT in the range of 0.5% to 10% on every commodity except milk and vegetables. Accordingly the petrol and diesel price in town has been hiked by Rs2.75 and Rs1.65 respectively. Similarly liquor and tobacco products too have been levied with 6% tax, medicines 2%, gold 0.25%, silver 0.50% and jewellery with 1% local body tax.Traders of Chandrapur termed it as excessive burden upon them as well as customers and demanded total revoke of the tax. The traders' union had submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner but didn't get any response from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14727455", "title": "3 Rajkot Municipal Corporation engineers transferred after employee ends life", "text": "RAJKOT: Close to 2,000 employees of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) went on a flash strike in the city on Friday. They were demanding suspension of three RMC engineers who were named in the suicide note by Ashok Chavda, an employee in drainage department, who ended his life in Ahmedabad on Thursday. Chavda also mentioned in his suicide note that it be considered as first information report (FIR).Chavda (43), who went missing from his house in Sarkari Karmachari Society here on July 2, was found hanging from the ceiling of his room in a hotel in Ahmedabad. He named city engineer Chirag Pandya, deputy engineer Jayendra Zala and additional engineer A M Kanzariya for harassment at workplace.Chavda wrote that the engineers were biased towards him. He stated that he was ending his life in Ahmedabad as he does not want his family members to suffer more after his death like bringing his body back home. \"Since last 15 years, I have worked honestly for the benefit of larger public in RMC. Whatever I was told, I followed it honestly,\" he wrote.After the Chavda's step, class IV employees on Friday went on a flash strike demanding suspension of all the three engineers. RMC commissioner Ajay Bhadoo has transferred the three engineers and ordered a departmental inquiry against them.\"The report will be submitted within a month. The engineers have been transferred,\" Bhadoo told TOI.Bhadoo met the deceased's family members on Friday. Chavda is survived by two children -- Abhayraj and Shweta -- and wife Harsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727471", "title": "3 held for killing a habitual offender", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district police have solved the murder case of a habitual offender by arresting three persons on Friday.Ramegowda, 48, of Hunsur was brutally murdered and his body was thrown near a bridge on June 29.SP R Dileep said, following the incident they had formed six teams to unearth the crime. One of the team members successfully unearthed the mystery within few days after the crime. Preliminary investigation says the victim was a habitual offender.The arrested - Anil Kumar , Devaraj and Gandanahalli - have admitted to the killing saying that they committed the crime to prevent Ramegowda from stealing from Anil's property, police said. The trio had tied Ramegowda to a tree at Anil's farmhouse and he was beaten up with clubs. Later, the accused is said to have cut open his leg with sickle which led to his death.Fearing arrest, the trio took the body in a two-wheeler and dumped it near a canal bridge, the SP stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14725421", "title": "1 killed, 35 injured in bus mishap", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A worker was killed and 35 others sustained injuries when a private bus overturned at a culvert near Dorathota at Bhimili, 20 km from here on Friday. The condition of 11 workers is critical. All the workers belong to a seafood company, Strint Exports, of Bhimili.About 40 persons were going to work when the bus overturned at the culvert around 9am and plunged into the roadside ditch. Sources said the driver was drunk and some workers even cautioned him when he was crossing the speed limit.Officials said the drunk driver hit an electric pole and lost control.The deceased was identified as Meesala Appala Raju, 20, a store keeper in the company. Eleven workers, including nine women , suffered multiple fractures on hands and legs. The seriously injured were identified as G Rambabu, 40, K Kalidas, 20, M Chittemma, 28, D Sanyasamma, 29, K Yellamma, 30, R. Kondamma, 45, B Ganga, 30, G. Gowri, 35, B Demudamma, 30, N Chittemma, 28 and R Padesemma, 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732972", "title": "R-patz, Kristen pairing too strange for Fifty Shades movie", "text": "Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson won't be starring in the big-screen adaptation of \" Fifty Shades of Grey\" if author E.L. James has his way.According to the New York Post , when asked during a UK fan event what she thought of the stars playing Christian and Ana, James said, \"I think it would be too strange! It would just be . . . Ugh, weird!\"However, she did admit the novel was partly inspired by \" Twilight .\"James added that she has \"four people in mind\" but is not allowed to discuss the movie, \"which is a real shame.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725766", "title": "Chemists decry bid to link pill to female feticide", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Suchitra Dalvie and other experts pointed out that the scarcity of Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) kits can also be blamed on rampant illegal use of the pill, especially in sex-selective abortions. Dr Rekha Daver, who heads JJ Hospital's gynaecology department, said, \"The pill is recommended only for pregnancies of not more than 63 days, that too on a prescription written out by a gynaecologist who has been specially certified to carry out abortions. But in practice, the drug was being dispensed by homoeopaths, MBBS doctors, quacks and chemists themselves.\" Dalvie said that even with the availability of the pill, 45% of all abortions were not carried out by recognized MTP service providers or were performed in a place not legally approved for abortions.Doctors fear the present impasse will take women's reproductive health back many years. Daver said it was a good measure to let the abortion pill into India. Almost 10 years ago, public health experts celebrated the entry of medical abortions. In a country where unsafe abortions accounted for 8% of all maternal deaths, the MTP kit - which actually has two pills taken 48 hours apart - was offered as the safest option for women seeking to end unwanted pregnancies. India began the pill as an option in the first seven weeks of pregnancy and then extended it to nine weeks.However, things didn't go as planned. The pill began to be sold without prescription. Like every other medication, it can have side-effects or lead to worse dangers, like bleeding, abdominal pain and fever.However, the missing pill is the chemists' protest against what they say is the government's move to link the pill to female foeticide. They say the pill can only be used during the first 63 days of pregnancy. \"The sex of the unborn child is known only after 12 weeks (84 days). So, how can we be blamed for female foeticide?'' asked Dilip Mehta of the Maharashtra State Chemists &amp; Druggists Association. He said all association members have been asked to stock the pill and sell it only against proper prescription.\"But abortion is a sensitive and personal matter. Most of the people who come for the abortion pill give wrong names or addresses. How do we chemists work around this?\" he asked.Times ViewSomething as essential to public health as abortion pills going off chemists' shelves shows how misdirected the FDA campaign has been. Abortion pills, if dispensed legally and properly, don't lead to female foeticide; they help women escape unwanted pregnancies. Pushing women to opt for unsafe abortions is actually pushing them a generation back. More thought needs to be applied and better brains need to be engaged before embarking on campaigns as important as the present one to end female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727723", "title": "Teenage lovers sent to Remand Home", "text": "NASHIK: A court has sent the teenaged girl, who killed her mother with the help of her lover, also a teenager, to a remand home.The Bhadrakali police, however, had requested the court to send the duo to police custody for three to four days for further enquiry.Forty-year old Gurvinder Kaur Singh was allegedly killed by her 16-year-old daughter and the latter's 17- year-old boyfriend. The mother had objected to the affair which was the reason that invitedthe wrath of the two minors.Gurvinder was murdered on Monday at around 7.30 am. After killing her, the duo transported her body to a ghat in Kasara, where it was dumped. The incident came to light after the Bhadrakali police launched an investigation following a missing complaint that was lodged by the brother of the deceased.During the investigation the police learned that Gurvinder daughter was in a relationship with a boy close to her age which the Gurvincer had been objecting to.The duo confessed to their crime in course of interrogation.On July 1, Gurvinder and the daughter had had a quarrel over the affair. After the girl mentioned the quarrel to her beau, the next morning he came armed with a knife and attacked Gurvinder and then killed her by pressing down a pillow on her face.Sources at the Bhadrakali police station said that the girl's lover was only two months short of turning an adult but had already obtained a learner's driving license by producing fake documents.The investigating officers were hoping to keep the duo under detention for another three to four days but the court ordered that they be sent to a remand home instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14731782", "title": "Anticipatory bail for doctors in Pipili rape case", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court has granted anticipatory bail to two doctors accused of neglecting the treatment of a Dalit girl of Pipili, who died at a hospital here last month after she was raped in November last.Justice S C Parija yesterday granted the bail to D N Moharana, Superintendent of SCB Medical College Hospital here, and Milan Mitra of Capital Hospital of Bhubaneswar.Granting anticipatory bail to Moharana and Mitra, the HC directed them to surrender before the court of Pipili and get regular bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14731594", "title": "Monsoon hits Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Monsoon rains today lashed Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, causing mercury to drop by between two to seven degrees.Chandigarh was drenched by 118.5 mm rains, providing the much-needed respite to people from hot and humid conditions prevailing in the region for the past six weeks.In Punjab, Ludhiana received 51 mm downpours, Madhopur 67 mm, Pathankot 52 mm and Phagwara 44 mm.Ropar and Jalandhar were also lashed by heavy rains. In Haryana, Panchkula registered 55 mm rainfall, Kalka 40 mm, Narnaul 36 mm, Ambala 64.2 mm and Rohtak 12.2 mm.The rains brought smiles on the faces of farmers as it will boost and benefit paddy transplantation. It is also expected to ease the power situation as hot weather had fuelled high demand leading to heavy load shedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726626", "title": "Clarify links with Suryavanshi: Cong to CM", "text": "BHOPAL: The state Congress will hit the streets on July 13 protesting with black flags against alleged corruption by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the party nexus with certain businessmen who are under Income Tax department scanner.After the recent raids on the premises of builder Dilip Suryavanshi and BJP office-bearer turned mining king Sudhir Sharma, the Congress sent a letter to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and put-up billboards across the city asking him for a clarification on his suspected links with those raided. Congress claims since the chief minister is tight-lipped, it is time to take the issue to the people's court.Speaking to TOI, the Congress leader of opposition Ajay Singh said: \"Silence is the acceptance of guilt. It is widely known that the chief minister and his family have close association with builder Suryavanshi while Sharma is the chief of the BJP education wing. After the raids, the chief minister should have clarified his position without our asking to do so. Some kind of statement should have been made to come clean on his relations with those under the IT investigation but he remained quiet.''Since the chief minister did not speak, Ajay Singh claims he personally wrote a letter to the chief minister.Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) media cell chief Manak Agarwal said, \"The state-wide protest will take the issue of corruption at high places in the BJP government to the districts and block levels. When the assembly session starts, the chief minister will have to reply and clarify about his links with builder Suryavanshi or the Congress will not let the session run.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726190", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust mulling over Goa-Mum passenger ship service", "text": "PANAJI: The Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) has plans to start a passenger ship service between Goa and Mumbai.While the proposal is yet to crystallize, MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said talks are on with private players and that the service may see the light of the day by next summer.\"Some private players have shown keen interest to start the ship service. I have already had two rounds of talks with them and if all goes well, the service linking the two ports will start within 8-10 months,\" Pandiyan told TOI.Stating that the service would be an attraction, especially for domestic tourists, Pandiyan said that some private players from Mumbai have found the proposal quite attractive. The companies, which are keen to introduce state-of-the-art ships, have informed MPT that their vessels are being built in Dubai . This (service) will be similar to the steamer service that Goa had two decades ago, he added.The MPT chairman also announced that the 450m dedicated cruise berth is ready and that it would be commissioned after the monsoon. \"The first cruise ship is likely to arrive in November,\" he said.\"Normally, you get a berth of around 311m, but here we have a 450m berth which is fully dedicated to cruise ships,\" Pandiyan said. He pointed out that Mormugao is the only port in the country with such a facility.The port trust chief is expecting 19 cruise liners to call on the port between October 2012 and March 2013, giving a major boost to cruise tourism. MPT has received six cruise liners in the last one year, he added.He also said that the state-of-the-art cruise terminal will have entertainment facilities, besides restaurants and coffee shops. Apart from it being an excellent experience for visitors the terminal, will also feature a special gallery for Goa's handicrafts, he said. \"We would like to showcase the arts and handicrafts of Goa,\" the MPT chairman said.Pandiyan said MPT is also willing to participate in the revitalization of the port town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14725945", "title": "Maharashtra transport staff demand police inspector's suspension", "text": "WARDHA: Employees of the state transport on Thursday launched a protest against the police inspector of Girard police station for beating one of the drivers on June 29. They were demanding action against PI Baban Phusate.The agitators closed the depot and all 98 buses were put off road. The drivers' union threatened to intensify their stir if the police did not lodge a complaint and the accused PI was not suspended.According to union vice-president Atul Wandhile, on June 29 driver Purushottam Girade was driving a bus from Girard to Hingnaghat. A patrolling team of the police was doing routine check-up on the route.\"When Girade found rush on the road, he stopped the bus but later started moving when found space. This infuriated PI Phusate. He started slapping him for driving the bus without his permission. When the driver argued, he was beaten up severely causing some injuries. He was later admitted to Wardha civil hospital,\" Wandhile said.Dy SP, Deshmukh, said, \"I have prepared a report and submitted it to the SP office. After the final report, we will take any action.\" However, he admitted that the PI should not have slapped him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14730870", "title": "Fake CBI officer files discharge application in CBI court", "text": "MUMBAI: A man who was arrested for allegedly posing as a fake CBI official filed an application in the special CBI court seeking discharge from the cases filed against him.Ashwini Kumar who allegedly conned businessmen and actors of lakhs of rupees, told the court that the Prevention of Corruption Act under which he and his alleged associate Rajesh Ranjan are booked cannot be maintainable before the court as he is not a public servant.Kumar who is currently out on bail filed the application through his lawyer Sharif Shaikh.\"How can a civilian be booked under this act. We have moved a discharge application challenging the very premise under which the case was registered. According to the agency Ashwini Kumar had approached the complainants and sought bribe to settle their cases. Several cases have been registered against him and sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act have been applied,\" Sahikh said.The duo were also allegedly helped by people from the agency and also had a beacon and a forged CBI letter head. Kumar's alleged crimes came to light after filmmaker and actor Rakesh Roshan was duped of Rs 25 lakh. Over 50 people from across the country then allegedly complained to the CBI about having faced a similar con. Two such cases have been registered by the CBI and one with the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14728051", "title": "Skeletal remains surface in Olpads", "text": "SURAT: Human skeletal remains , including some of children, surfaced in a salt water creek in Tunda village in Olpad taluka of Surat district on Friday afternoon.Police are working on a theory revolving around a fourdecade-old mass burial. Some villagers have confirmed this hypothesis.Olpad police received a call in the afternoon regarding discovery of some skulls and other human bones lying in a creek that was developed recently . However, the high tide prevented medical and forensic experts from reaching the spot and carrying out investigations .\"On reaching the spot, we found some human remains scattered and half buried in sand. We called for Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) and amedical team. But before they could arrive, the high tide took over and the creek got filled up with up to seven feet water,\" said Olpad police inspector N S Chaudhary.Surat (rural) superintendent of police Pradip Sejul told TOI, \"We will wait till the tide recedes and then recover the remains to examine how old they are.\" Police will have to wait till Saturday morning for the tide to ebb to recover the remains .Villagers claim that there was a burial ground near the creek some 40 years ago and then a salt pan developed there. This land is being eroded constantly by the sea and is getting washed off. \"It appears that constant erosion has resulted in these human remains of yore coming to surface over a period of time,\" said Sejul.An elderly villager said, \"Many people, including children , died in a cholera outbreak in Olpad taluka some 40 years ago. A mass burial took place at this spot.\"\"It is premature to state anything at present but once the forensic and medical examination of the bones is conducted , we will be able to shed more light,\" said Chaudhary. The police will guard the creek till the tide ebbs and the samples are collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14726512", "title": "Minority institutions cry foul", "text": "BANGALORE: Minority institutions are not too happy with the Karnataka government's definition of a minority institution: it must have at least 75% students from that particular community to claim exemption from implementing 25% quota for the poor under the RTE Act.\"This violates Article 29, which says that there should be no denial of admission on the basis of caste and creed. The Supreme Court has empowered the government to implement RTE. They should focus on that rather than come up with new rules,\" said CR Mohammed Imtiaz, chairman, Minorities Educational Institutions' Management Federation.Said Mansoor Ali Khan, member, board of directors, Delhi Public School: \"This is an anti-minority definition and worth being challenged. Such a definition will discourage the minority communities from setting up institutions.''Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (Kusma) secretary A Mariyappa said: \"How do we establish which community is a minority? You can buy the minority status. We have received complaints about schools faking minority status to duck the RTE Act. Besides, the government is not clear on the schools which secured the minority status in the past 3-4 months.\" Other issues, like fee refund, remain unresolved.The Karnataka State Private Schools Management Federation said the July 16 strike will turn the spotlight on many other drawbacks of the RTE Act. \"We welcome the government's move to define minority institutions. We will meet the minister to decide the next course of action,\" its state organizing secretary T Shashi Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726391", "title": "Hookah ban extended by another 3 months in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration, on Friday, extended the ban imposed on hookah bars in the city by another three months. The order was initially passed in November 2011, which made hookah bars operating throughout the district, illegal under section 144 of the code of criminal procedure.\"We are reinforcing the ban on hookah bars under section 144 CrPc. Orders invoking this particular section of the law need to be renewed every three months,\" said an official of the district administration.Mainly health reasons were cited when the ban was first imposed last year, which was weeks after the Food and Drugs Administration of Haryana concluded its state-wide raids on hookah bars. \"Hookah bars were serving tobacco molasses containing nicotine, which is injurious to health. These facilities were mainly affecting the young college-going people,\" said the official. Before the order was issued, there were about 60 hookah bars operating in the district.He added that the order has been sent to Gurgaon police and the district health authorities for strict compliance. \"We have also conveyed this order to all the district revenue officers of HUDA, tehsildars, panchayat officers, SDMs and other officials of the administration. They have all been asked to enforce the ban in their respective areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14729895", "title": "Karnataka crisis: BJP core group to meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP core group will meet on Saturday to take a decision on replacing Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda with Lingayat leader Jagadish Shettar and finalise the strategy for the vice-presidential election.BJP president Nitin Gadkari has convened the meeting of the party's core group to take a final decision on making Shettar as the new chief minister of Karnataka.Shettar, who is the rural development minister, is B S Yeddyurappa's choice for the top post in the state.The party is also likely to appoint a deputy chief minister to placate other senior party leaders representing different communities of Karnataka.The names of minister R Ashok and Karnataka BJP chief K S Eshwarappa are doing the rounds for the post of deputy chief minister.The vice-presidential election will also be discussed by the core group.Sources said since the opposition lacks the numbers, the party may decide not to field a candidate and instead support a candidate put up by one of its allies or a non-Congress party.The issues related to the Presidential poll, including the office of profit issue involving UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee , will also be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14727628", "title": "Power-less Inc suffers heavy loss", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sweat and soaring tempers set aside, the power cuts in Ludhiana have caused the industry production losses to the tune of Rs 35,000 crore in June and the first week of July. It has caused a loss of around Rs 700 crore to government revenue, forcing industrialists to question the feasibility of the much-hyped Rs 1 lakh crore-investment in state's industry.\"We get power supply for four days a week and there is a cut of two working days. Though there is no production on these days we have to pay a fixed salary to our workers and there are many other similar expenses that cause additional losses to the industry,\" said Badish Jindal, president of Federation of Punjab Small Industries Associations ( FOPSIA).He added that power from generator sets adds to the cost of production by 25-30%. \"We already have the disadvantage of being away from ports thus raw material is also more expensive. The price of steel is Rs 4,000 per ton \u2014 over 10% more than other states,\" he said.Vinod Thapar, chairman of Knitwear Club reacted strongly against the Rs 35,000-crore production loss incurred by the industry in Ludhiana. \"Most industries in the city are on area for mixed land use that forms category-1 and thus the problem of unscheduled power cuts is also a big problem. These cuts intensify losses leaving industry in these areas high and dry. Problem for hosiery industry is that the machinery used in units is sophisticated and even a little fluctuation damages components. So we have to use generator sets and pay for that too,\" he said. He added that a screen of his stall machine got damaged in 2011 and he has not been able to get it repaired since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14731856", "title": "Bukkal Nawab is Samajwadi Party candidate for the council seat vacated by Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) has fielded Bukkal Nawab for the legislative council seat fallen vacant due to resignation of former chief minister Mayawati , who chose to go to Rajya Sabha after being defeated in the assembly elections in March this year. Polling for the by-election will be held on July 20, 2012.Members of legislative assembly will vote in the by-election and since the SP is in majority in assembly, victory of Nawab is almost certain. In fact, possibilities are that he may be elected unopposed. As per the strength of MLAs in the assembly, the opposition parties are in no position to win the elections, hence they may opt not contest the by-election. Nawab filed his nomination paper for the by-election in the presence of senior party leaders. Last day of filing nomination is July 10, 2012.Nawab is a Shia Muslim and a known face in old Lucknow. He has been in the SP since the start of his political career. He contested assembly elections several times in the past but never succeeded. However, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is trying to kill two birds with a stone by nominating him for the council On one hand, he satisfied Shia Muslims who had demanded representation in the council and on the other boost moral of the loyalist in the view of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726411", "title": "Police crack down on daredevils, detain bikes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police taught a lesson to the rowdy riders of the city on Thursday night as bikers performing stunts were apprehended and their vehicles detained i.Police, however, did not file cases and let the youths go. Police showed the leniency, considering the fact that a large number of people were out on the street to celebrate Gauri Vrat, Jaya Parvati and Shab-e-Barat. However, police choose to detain the miscreants' vehicles.City cops said hundreds of girls were out on the city roads on Thursday to observe Gauri Vrat till late in the night accompanied by parents and friends. Muslims also observed Shab-e-Barat mainly in the walled city and Juhapura. The important night hangout spots and roads in both eastern and western city parts bustled with activities till 2 am.\"Some of the miscreants seized the opportunity to woo girls and resorted to road stunts and hooting. When we got the message at 12.30 am, we called up nearby police stations and got enforcement. With a staff of 70 police personnel and officers, we blocked possible exits. Many bikers tried to flee, but we caught them,\" said Navrangpura police station inspector P M Sarvaiya who kept vigil on CG Road and Ashram Road.Navrangpura police seized seven bikes which miscreants had abandoned before fleeing. Similarly, Karanj police had a hard time on Thursday night as they had to chase the miscreants in alleys of pols. The officials said that the bikers' menace started after midnight at spots such as Manek Chowk and Lal Darwaja which were thronged by bikers on high-speed two-wheelers. Officials said that two bikes were seized after they were abandoned by the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731239", "title": "Andha Kanoon set to release next week", "text": "Manoj Tiwari's 'Andha kanoon' is releasing in Mumbai on 13 th July. Rani Chatterjee and Rinku Ghosh are the female lead in this film. Ishrar Ahmad is director of this film. Manoj Tiwari will be seen as a 'tapori' and Rani as a police officer in the movie.Rani and Rinku both had started their career with Manoj Tiwari. Rani's first film was 'Sasura Bada Paisewala' which was also the first film for Manoj Tiwari. And Rinku started her career with 'Darogababu I love You'.Other stars of Andha kanoon are Shamim Khan,Umesh Singh, Santosh srivastav, C. P. Bhatt, Ehsan Khan, Ali Khan , Seema singh and Awadhesh Mishra.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "14731715", "title": "Facebook may launch job posting service: Sources", "text": "HOUSTON: Soon the popular social networking site Facebook will become a recruiter, as per knowledgeable sources, by launching its own job board after teaming with existing job-posting companies, the sources said.Citing anonymous sources, media reports said that BranchOut, Jobvite and Work4Labs will be at least three of the companies that will pair with the platform.With the rise of LinkedIn -- and its aggressive moves into social-networking functionality -- having Facebook enter the fray is an obvious play for them.Whether or not the job posts will display in the news feed is unclear.Many bigger companies have career recruitment presence on Facebook already, but a centralised engine behind job postings and searches would feed the engagement metrics.According to recent estimates, the job-posting market is worth about $4.3 billion and everyone would like to have a piece of it.Last October, the social networking site initiated its move towards becoming a source for job hunters by teaming up with the US Department of Labor and three employment-related agencies in an attempt to decrease the country's 9.1 per cent unemployment rate using social media -- a project that may eventually include a Facebook job posting system.This partnership started a new era of formal job hunting content on Facebook -- which some recruiters already prefer over LinkedIn -- for the first time.As part of the initiative, Facebook launched a \"Social Jobs\" portal that makes easily accessible educational content and tools from its partners at the Department of Labor, National Association of Colleges and Employers, Direct Employers Association, and the National Association of State Workforce Agencies.It plans to promote this page in the 10 states with the highest unemployment rates and Puerto Rico .The most interesting aspect of the new partnership, however, is a plan to inch Facebook into job listings territory.Facebook's statement announcing the partnership mentioned \"systems where new job postings can be delivered virally through the Facebook site at no charge.\"What shape such a job posting system would take, and whether Facebook has any solid plans beyond research to pursue one, are still not clear.A job board that lives on Facebook could put the social network in direct competition with sites like LinkedIn and Monster.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726205", "title": "Department of town and country planning cancels licence of firm to set up IT park", "text": "GURGAON: Sending out a strong message to builders who have failed to start development activities in the district several years after licences were granted to them, the department of town and country planning (DTCP) has cancelled the licence renewal application for setting up a cyber park.In a letter issued to the builder, Rockman Industries (a sister concern of Hero Group), for its application on renewal of licence to set up a cyber park on 13.707-acre land in Sector 34, the DTCP has highlighted several shortcomings as the reason for cancellation.According to the observation, the private player has not initiated any development activities on the said land even four years after the licence was first issued. Moreover, the department has stated that Rs929.84 lakh as enhanced EDC (external development charges) are due from the firm.\"Although building plans were approved in the meeting of Building Plan Approval Committee held on 17.11.2008 but same have not been released due to non-payment of outstanding amount of Enhanced EDC, non-submission of NOC from Airport Authority of India and non-payment of Labour Cess...\" reads the official letter issued by director general, TCP, T C Gupta.According to licence conditions, the developer was supposed to build 30% of the IT-area within 'initial' period (three years) of the licence. But it has failed to do so. The department has also observed that the builder failed to obtain approved building plans to date, therefore there is no compliance of the conditions.The department has also found that the builder 'failed to submit' NOCs (no objection certificate) by 'competent authorities' in respect of an MoEF notification (of July 2004). A company official, who met Gupta last month, 'failed to convince' him why the alleged deficiencies existed. Despite repeated attempts, a comment from Rockman Industries could not be obtained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727354", "title": "There won\u2019t be infighting anymore: K S Eshwarappa", "text": "MYSORE: The political crisis in BJP has left party chief K S Eshwarappa angry and upset. On Friday, he swore by Goddess Chamundeshwari that there won't be infighting anymore.He said: \"Inmunde kachadalla (We'll not fight anymore),\" after visiting Sri Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills. \"I apologize to the people too. I'm saddened by the recent political developments,\" he said. Eshwarappa said they have learnt the lessons and the party high command has been informed about their demands. The high command will decide on the change in leadership and all will abide by it. The decision will be taken before July 16 when the legislature session begins, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726616", "title": "Officer visits private school to look into discrimination", "text": "BHOPAL: An assistant director, school education department carried out an inspection of the Billabong High School after allegations of discrimination by guardians of under-privileged children was admitted under the Right to Education Act (RTE).Assistant director RS Sharma talking to TOI about the inspection of Billabong High School on Thursday following complaints of discrimination, said, \"There appears to be a great gap in the mind-sets of the school authorities and parents of those children admitted under the RTE owing to the economic and social factors in the society.\"He added, \"After talking to school principal Sujata Lakhani, it was found out that they were actually running bridge course classes for a fortnight for these children as they were lagging behind in the curriculum compared to other general children. This was perceived as discrimination in the timings by the parents of the children.\"\"Also, parents had complained they weren't allowed to meet the children to which the school management explained that there were set rules for meeting a child by first taking a telephonic appointment. The parents were also unaware of the same,\" he said.The school has been told to conduct counselling classes for the parents so that these misconceptions are cleared from their minds, Sharma informed.\"Even last year, the school had conducted some three-four counselling sessions. We have informed the school that if any more complaints are received from the parents, strict action would be taken against them,\" Sharma said.The team led by district education officer (DEO) CM Upadhyay inspected the Government Girls' Higher Secondary School near the Railway Station on Thursday.DEO said, \"I reached the school at 10.30, most of the school teachers were found absent or they arrived much later. Sixteen such teachers would be debarred from one increment.\"According to sources, school principal Seema Shrivastava was found to be on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14731400", "title": "Google denies claims of botnet in Android smartphones", "text": "LONDON: Internet search giant Google has denied claims that many smartphones using its Android operating system have been hacked by an illegal botnet.Microsoft researcher Terry Zink had claimed that there was evidence of spam being sent from Yahoo mail servers by Android devices.Botnets typically use infected PCs as spam generators, but Zink said he found evidence that Android smartphones were being used in the same way.Google, however, said there was no evidence to support Zink's claim, the BBC reports.The firm said the junk messages originated on PCs, but the spammers sending them formatted them to look like they came from Android smartphones.\"Our analysis suggests that spammers are using infected computers and a fake mobile signature to try to bypass anti-spam mechanisms in the email platform they're using,\" Google said in a statement.In a follow-up to his original post, Zink had agreed that it was not proven that Android phones had been compromised.He added that it was 'entirely possible' that the spammers had faked the message formatting to make it look like it originated on a phone.Zink, however, there was no doubt that the number of malicious programmes written for Android was on the increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14727017", "title": "Rain revives rhythm of Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: Monsoon had given a new lease of life to the holy Ganga. The bed of the river was visible. The nature-lovers hoped that the rainfall may set the rhythm and the flow would become nomal. This has started proving to be true. At Ganga Barrage, the sand bed visible till Tuesday had partially submerged under water. The level of Ganga is rising. It is gradually spreading in the basin of the barrage. If heavy rainfall continue to lash mountains areas, it is for sure that the river water will inundate the ghats completely. The monsoon showers lashing the city would further add to the level of Ganga. In just two days of monsoons, the city has already received 147.5 mm of rainfall.The discharge of water from mountains is also proving to be a boon for the river. When the water level had declined, the pollution had increased manifold. The increase in the water level of Ganga had also brought smile back on the faces of the Jal Sansthan officials, who had a tough time in providing water to the people during the peak summer season.In the months of April, May and June, Ganga had dried up so badly that its bed became the playground for cricket lovers. The holy river had shrunk and gone away from the ghats. Though river water was flowing through a number of ghats but the river had changed its course near Massacre ghat and beyond. At Massacre ghat, the river had drifted nearly 400-500 mts away from the ghat. Youngsters used to play volleyball there. The farmers had started using the river bed for cropping cucumber, water-melons and melons.It seems that the river has started its revival. It is a source of livelihood to hundreds and thousands of people. Fishermen remain happy when river gets flooded.The people residing near the basin use the river bed for agricultural purposes. Now, when the water has started increasing in Ganga, the fishermen are a pleased lot.In last two days of heavy rainfall in and around the region, the ghats at the barrage have inundated under water.The river has reached close to the ghats from where it had drifted away. The rising water, cloud cover and cool monsoon breeze are attracting scores of people to Ganga barrage from where one can have a beautiful and complete look of the river. People of all ages could be seen at the barrage to have a glimpse of the rising river.They were witnessed clicking pictures of the river and enjoying the rainy season. The ice-cream vendors and corn sellers did a good business. Despite an increase in the water level the groups of boys were witnessed taking a bath.The fishermen were throwing nets in the water to catch the fishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "14725619", "title": "\u2018Compensate kin of farmer who killed self\u2019", "text": "BHIWANDI: The Thane-based Shramjeevi Sangathana has demanded that the government compensate the family of Haribhau Tanpude (45), the farmer who committed suicide as he was unable to repay his debts after all his crops were destroyed.The Sangathana's president Vivek Pandit demanded the government also compensate farmers who have lost their first crop due to the delayed monsoon. \"Farmers are in a very critical state and crops sown by them have already been destroyed. The government should, after studying their losses, compensate them immediately or more such incidents might happen in future.\"Tanpude, from Bedegaon village in Bhiwandi taluka, Thane, allegedly committed suicide on Wednesday by consuming pesticide. He was reportedly upset as he had debts of Rs 27,000 from the local government-run Sahakari bank and he had no means to repay after all his crops were destroyed 20 days ago due to lack of rain. On Friday, after around 48 hours of the incident, the Ganeshpuri police team visited the spot and collected pesticide bottles.Zilla parishad member Sangeeta Bomte, who visited the victim's family, approached the Thane collector seeking action against the rural hospital where the victim was taken but died due to lack of treatment as there were no doctors present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14731590", "title": "Jagdish Shettar to replace Gowda as Karnataka CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buckling under B S Yeddyurappa's pressure, BJP on Saturday decided to replace Sadananda Gowda with Jagdish Shettar as chief minister of Karnataka, marking the third change in the state in four years.The decision was taken at the BJP core group meeting here on Saturday, sources said.Shettar, a Lingayat leader, who is the rural development minister, is the choice for the top post of Yeddyurappa, who is calling the shots in Karnataka BJP even after his unceremonious exit as chief minister last year. He will be the third BJP chief minister in the state in four years since the party came to power there in 2008.After the core group meeting, BJP spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said that Gowda will come to Delhi on Saturday evening and will be meeting party chief Nitin Gadkari , L K Advani and other leaders.\"A decision will be announced after that,\" Prasad told reporters.Gowda took over from Yeddyurappa in August last year.Yeddyurappa, who was removed as chief minister last year in wake of corruption allegations against him, has been insisting for some time now that Gowda should be replaced with his close associate Shettar.However, Gowda, who fell out with the Yeddyurappa camp had pleaded with the party that it should not take any decision in \"haste\" and sought to assert that he has strived to give a corruption-free administration in the last 11 months, after he was appointed as chief minister.With this change of guard, the political history witnessed in Karnataka from 1989 to 1994 of having three chief ministers in a span of five years has had a repeat.Congress, which returned to power with a massive mandate in the state in 1989, replaced Veerendra Patil with S Bangarappa. Veerappa Moily replaced Bangarappa following heightened dissidence against him. In the assembly polls held in 1994, Janata Dal trounced Congress.Yeddyurappa, who propelled Gowda as his successor then, has been demanding for his ouster now and wants to install rural development minister Jagadish Shettar, also a Lingayat, as chief minister.In the event of BJP opting for change of guard, the political history witnessed in Karnataka from 1989 to 1994 of having three chief ministers in a span of five years would repeat.Congress, which returned to power with a massive mandate in the state, replaced Veerendra Patil with S Bangarappa.Veerappa Moily replaced Bangarappa following heightened dissidence against him. In the assembly polls held in 1994, Janata Dal trounced Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad/warangal", "code": "14725160", "title": "Supreme Court dismisses Ponnala's poll petition", "text": "HYDERABAD/WARANGAL: The Supreme Court on Friday quashed information technology minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah's election petition challenging AP high court's verdict which directed the authorities to recount the 2009 election results.The minister had won the assembly election from Jangaon in Warangal with a wafer-thin margin of 236 votes. He defeated his TRS rival Kommuri Pratap Reddy, who has since joined the YSR Congress Party. Dismissing his petition to stay the HC direction for recounting, the Supreme Court imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 for wasting court's time and for alleged comments on the verdict of the lower court.The high court had earlier pronounced its verdict, stating that recounting should be conducted on the election resultswhere Ponnala had contested after Kommuri approached the court praying that Ponnala's victory should be set aside. Kommuri contended that 80 votes, including postal ballots, were illegally added to Ponnala and sought recounting of votes.Agreeing to Kommuri's contention, the HC ordered recounting of votes. However, Ponnala filed a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the high courts directions. His counsel argued that there was no substantial proof to show his client's election was irregular. However, the apex court did not accept the argument of the counsel and dismissed the minister's petition.Responding to the apex court verdict, Ponnala said that he was ready to face any consequences on the verdict. \"The truth will finally win,\" he said. Hailing the verdict of the apex court, Kommuri demanded the resignation of Ponnala from the minister post. He asked him to come forward for recounting of votes voluntarily.Ponnala is one of the six ministers of YSR cabinet, who were issued notices by the SC for alleged corruption and involvement in the Jagan disproportionate assets case. Ponnala was the irrigation minister in YSR cabinet, who was in-charge of the Jalayagnam project where massive corruption and scandals were reported by CAG and PAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14725268", "title": "Panipat-Jalandhar highway 6-laning project: HC raises fine to Rs 60 cr in case of delay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to speed up completion of highway projects that are running behind schedule, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday directed that if the concessionaire of the 291-km six-laning project of Panipat-Jalandhar highway, Soma Isolex Rollways, fails to complete it before March 2013, it would be liable to pay a fine of Rs 60 crore. In April this year, HC had fixed a fine of Rs 50 crore for failure to complete the project.The HC has also ordered that even the director of the said project would bear a penalty of Rs 7 crore in his personal capacity in the event of delay. Earlier, this amount was Rs 5 crore.The directions were passed during the ongoing hearing of a petition filed by Harish Puri, seeking directions for streamlining the traffic flow on national highways. The court has already directed Haryana and Punjab states to cooperate in clearing the obstacles to facilitate the completion of project within the given timeframe. It had also directed the Union ministry of defence to accord necessary approvals for transfer of Army's land for the said project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14732616", "title": "Workshop to empower blind students for jobs", "text": "KOLKATA: Appearing for an interview for the first job is always a nerve-racking experience. Imagine the herculean challenge before those who do not have the gift of sight.Kanchan Gaba is aware of it, having encountered the hurdles, stumbled initially and then steeled her resolve to take the challenges head on. Eventually, she emerged successful but with a deep insight into how difficult it is for the differently-abled and sight-impaired to make the first impression in a job interview.Now head of the Kolkata chapter of the National Association for the Blind (NAB), Gaba who has won numerous awards (SCORE award for Sporting Excellence in the blind category given to her by Kiran Bedi in 1997; the Neelam Kanga 'Successful Woman' Award in 2003, presented by the Mumbai branch of NAB), is now engaged in making the quest for a job slightly less daunting for the sight-impaired by empowering the blind with soft skills that are so very critical.NAB Kolkata organized the soft-skill workshop 'Excelling in interview with confidence' to commemorate the 132nd birth anniversary of Helen Keller , who is an inspiration for the blind, deaf and mute. The seminar included an interactive session which focussed on interview etiquettes and effective communication skills for a successful interview to 35 blind students, along with a typing contest that judged the students' basic knowledge on computer learning and English language.\"We've introduced courses on travel and tourism for the first time, since July 2011. Students here are dedicated and some have bagged jobs in IBM , TCS and other organisations. They will be awarded certificates by the technical education department of the state government,\" said Kanchan Gaba,These students belong to the sixth batch of NAB which conducts certificate courses on computer learning and travel and tourism, which have a duration of six months each. Some of the students are also pursuing graduation from Rabindra Bharati University. Toma Patro, final year student at Rabindra Bharati University who enrolled into the travel and tourism course said the workshop would do her a world of good. \"Now I'll be confident while facing job interviews,\"she said. The 20-year-old girl loves Bharatnatyam and classical forms of dance and aspires to be a famous dancer in future.Deputy commissioner of police (south) Devendra Prakash Singh released the braille version of the book 'Helen Keller- Shikhya o Jibon', a biography on Helen Keller's life. Amway Opportunities Foundation and NAB jointly printed the book for visually challenged students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730202", "title": "Kim Kardashian thinks romance with Kanye will last", "text": "Kim Kardashian is convinced that her romance with Kanye West will last because they built a strong friendship before becoming romantically involved.The 31-year-old reality star went public with her new love earlier this year following her split from NBA star Kris Humphries shortly after their wedding last summer. The socialite has been friends with the 35-year-old rapper for several years, and believed that their strong connection provided a solid base for romance.\"We know what we are to each other. We've had a deep friendship for so long and that's the start of a really good relationship,\" the Daily Express quoted Kardashian as telling InStyle magazine. Kardashian also dismissed rumours that West has been writing about their romance in his songs. \"People can interpret it however they want. That's him making music. I don't even know it's about me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli/mangalore", "code": "14726971", "title": "Tale of two cities: High-fives in Hubli, sorrow in Sullia", "text": "HUBLI/MANGALORE: With rural development minister Jagadish Shettar set to become the new chief minister of Karnataka, his house in Badaminagar of Keshwapur in Hubli has overnight become a VIP area, with police setting up barricades and deploying additional forces.Top police officers held a meeting on Friday to chalk out a bandobast plan usually prepared for the CM's security. Keshwapur, located just 3km from KC Circle, the heart of the city, is a congested place and clogged with traffic. \"If Shettar becomes CM, it will be tough for us to handle the heavy traffic here and ensure the safety of visitors, especially VIPs. It's a challenge to make security arrangements in such a congested area,\" a police officer said.ACP AR Badigeri, who is monitoring the security arrangements, told TOI that this new distinction for the area would mean a regular flow of visitors, including the common man. \"We have started putting up barricades on all roads leading to Shettar's house in Keshwapur and Badaminagar. We are also planning to depute security personnel for the CM's security from Saturday,'' he added.In contrast to this build-up and bonhomie, a pall of gloom hangs over Sullia. While BJP party workers are keeping mum, perhaps saddened by the state of affairs, the CM is getting support and sympathy from unexpected quarters - the Congress and JD(S).Peeved at the developments, district president of the JD(S) Sullia unit MB Sadashiva said: \"It's very unfortunate that Gowda is being made to step down without any valid reason. The infighting in the BJP has left people here disgusted. We expected all-round development of Sullia and also the district during his term.''Sadashiva said the CM, perhaps knowing his predicament, should have expedited development work in the taluk and district. \"That was his mistake. How will people remember his term as CM? Even his own party workers will question him about his achievements during his tenure,\" he noted. Sullia Congress block president Venkappa Gowda said: \"We expected a lot of development. He cannot say that internal politics affected him. He should have managed some work. Look at what former CM Yeddyurappa did for his district. This was the last chance the district could have seen some development and we have lost a great opportunity.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14727099", "title": "Footpath is their home", "text": "HUBLI: Homeless people sleeping on footpaths and at railway station premises is a common sight in Hubli. This despite the Supreme Court order that the city municipal corporations should provide shelter to vagrants.According to sources in the corporation, temporary arrangements have been made to provide shelter to the homeless at eight places in the twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad. However, the corporation has not made enough efforts to create awareness among people about these facilities. As a result, the homeless continue to sleep on footpaths, facing all adversities.Also the corporation has sent a Rs 86 lakh proposal after finalizing six sites in Keshwapur and Ayodhyanagar to construct permanent centres to provide basic amenities for tramps. These centres will include facilities including kitchen, bathrooms and drinking water supply. Blankets will be given to the inmates and medical check-up facilities will be provided periodically.The corporation made a survey of shelterless people in 2010 and identified around 365 as homeless. In 2011, 57 people were identified homeless and about 20 were found to be begging on the streets. beggars and they sent them to beggar centre.According to the recent survey done by the corporation in June 2012, there are only 37 sheltersless people left in the twin cities and among them 18 are beggars.The corporation officials claimed that they have put hoardings to create awareness among the shelterless people to go and sleep in buildings which has allotted by the corporation.No awarenessSyed Basha, a vagrant said that he wasn't aware of the arrangement made by the corporation for the homeless to go and sleep during night. Mallappa and Basavaraj of Kusugal, who keep looking out for a place to sleep at night said nobody has tols them so far that such a facility exists.Social activist M C Sindhur said it is the responsibility of the corporation to make some permanent arrangement for the homeless and also create awareness among those concerned.Speaking to TOI, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation special officer S H Naregal said: \"We have made arrangements for the homeless in several places in Hubli. But most of them still prefer to sleep in temples and on benches. We have placed hoardings to create awareness among the tramps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726695", "title": "Indira Bhavan may house judicial panels", "text": "KOLKATA: Indira Bhavan, where the former chief minister of the state Jyoti Basu lived for over two decades till his death in 2010, may soon house the judicial panels set up by the new government.Named after former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, the building became a bone of contention between the two allies of the UPA \u2014 Congress and Trinamool \u2014 when CM Mamata Banerjee had proposed to rename it as Nazrul Bhavan and set up a museum and research centre on the poet and revolutionary.Having burnt her fingers on the original plan, the chief minister is now going cautious before finalizing any proposal related to the two-storey building. Earlier In May, Banerjee had laid to rest the controversy surrounding the renaming of Indira Bhavan, by announcing that her government would set up \"Nazrul Tirtha\" at Rajarhat on the northern fringes of the city and Indira Bhavan would be left alone for the time being.It was named after Indira Gandhi as she had stayed there during an AICC conference in the 70s. Former chief minister Jyoti Basu started living there in the 80s after shifting out of his ancestral Hindustan Park house. The Left Front government had then passed a notification allowing Basu to stay there during his lifetime.The Left Front had decided to set up a museum there and dedicate it to Basu, but failed to do so due to stiff resistance from the Trinamool Congress . Mamata, too, couldn't stick to her earlier decision of converting it to Nazrul Bhavan as the Pradesh Congress raised a hue and cry.Senior Congress leaders claimed that her decision was a deliberate attempt to wipe out the memory of the former prime minister.Insiders said the new proposal to house the judicial commissions is naturally being treated with care. The new government has set up various judicial panels after coming to power, but these autonomous bodies have not been able to function for want of office space. Officials at Writers' Buildings said that in a recent cabinet meeting, the chief minister had casually mentioned the plan before Congress minister Manas Bhuniya. \"She asked him if the bungalow could be used as a guesthouse. Then she proposed that the spacious building could come handy at a time when the government is looking for space for the judicial commissions,\" said a minister on conditions of anonymity. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim has been asked to proceed with the proposal, since Indira Bhavan is under the urban development department.Left boycotts Basu b'day celebrations at assemblyFormer chief minister Jyoti Basu's 96th birthday was \"officially\" celebrated in the state assembly on Friday \u2014 two days ahead of his original birthday \u2014 with CM Mamata Banerjee leading TMC legislators and a lone Congress MLA to pay their respect to Bengal's longest serving chief minister and his own party colleagues staying away in protest. Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra has already informed the speaker that they would pay their tribute to Basu on July 8, opposing the \"trend\" to celebrate birthdays of eminent personalities ahead of schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726629", "title": "Suryavanshi aide locker throws up 800gm gold jewellery", "text": "BHOPAL: Gold jewellery on Friday tumbled out from a bank locker of Ravendra Jain--a close associate of powerful businessman of MP Dilip Suryavanshi-after it was opened by the I-T sleuths at Rajgarh.Around 800 gm gold jewellery was recovered from Jain's locker with the SBI branch under the ongoing I-T investigation against Suryavanshi, mining magnet Sudhir Sharma and their associates, sources close to taxmen said.For more than a week, the I-T officials are getting lockers of those under the scanner opened. Nearly eight more lockers would be unlocked shortly.The I-T sleuths has carried out raids at 60 places of Suryavanshi, Sharma and their associates across the country and unearthed a huge wealth and recovered documents last fortnight.The raids have surcharged political atmosphere in the state with Congress asking MP chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to comment on it alleging that he was close to Suryavanshi. The Congress is alleging that the two businessmen have flourished with the BJP help.The BJP on Friday came to the defence of the two businessmen with the party state unit chief Prabhat Jha asking the I-T officials not to indulge in selective leak to tarnish the image of the two. He had advised the I-T department to address a press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725287", "title": "2 caught stealing diesel", "text": "HYDERABAD: Theft of diesel from garbage vehicle is continuing unabated in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).A GHMC additional commissioner caught a driver and cleaner red-handed while stealing fuel from a vehicle at Khairatabad yard on Friday.GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar, who was proceeding to the GHMC central zone office in Khairatabadfrom Khairtabad flyover, noticed vehicle driver Bhaskar and cleaner Suman stealing diesel from a dumper placer and filling it in cans at the yard. The additional commissioner recorded the entire process on his mobile phone. He seized about 200 litres of diesel. After recording their statements, he recommended their removal from duties. GHMC officials said several cases of diesel theft were booked against some drivers and other staff earlier, but this was the first time an officer caught the culprits red-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726606", "title": "30 years on, dam project cost up from Rs 372cr to Rs 7,777cr", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a flood of money, not water, that's flowing into Maharashtra's dam projects. TOI's continuing investigation into the criminal escalation of costs and infinite delays in water projects has thrown up another shocker: the Gosikhurd irrigation project in Bhandara district near Nagpur, which was okayed at a cost of Rs 372 crore in 1982, is nowhere near completion 30 years on even as the cost has risen to Rs 7,777 crore. Word is the state plans to raise it to Rs 13,000 crore soon.Needless to say, private contractors hand-in-glove with corrupt officials are laughing all the way to the bank while thousands of farmers\u2014the intended beneficiaries\u2014are left high and dry.Official documents show that the project, located on the Wainganga river, received its first administrative approval for Rs 372 crore in 1982. The cost has now escalated by 1,900% to Rs 7,777 crore of which Rs 6,600 crore has already been spent. The benefits have been negligible so far. Although the project was meant to irrigate 2.50 lakh hectares in Vidarbha, the actual irrigation potential created till June 30, 2011 was just 34,029 ha. Worse, water has so far reached only 1,582 ha. These disturbing figures were presented by the water resources department itself to the state assembly during the recent budget session. To put the numbers into perspective, the state's annual public health budget is Rs 4,200 crore. Also, the drought-prone Vidarbha region recorded 8,273 farmers suicides in the past decade.The Mokhabardi lift irrigation scheme, which is an integral part of Gosikhurd project, is also mired in controversy. Estimated at Rs 18.65 crore in 1986, the cost was revised to Rs 212 crore in 1999. By end-2007 it shot up to Rs 418 crore, but within eight months doubled to Rs 842 crore. Last year, it touched an astounding Rs 2,148 crore. Land required for this scheme is 1,926 ha, but only 280 ha has been acquired till date. These figures were procured from the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) under the Right to Information Act.Growing complaints of substandard work by the contractor forced the state government to appoint a committee headed by H T Mendigiri, chief engineer of the water resources department, two years ago. The committee concluded that the \"quality of concrete lining for the entire canal length (left bank) is very poor. There is no propriety in suggesting any remedial measures for repairs to this lining as it will not be effective,'' it said. The committee added that \"lack of technical competency and supervision of the construction engineers resulted in poor quality of work\". They have failed in discharging their duties and responsibilities, it said.A CAG ( Comptroller and Auditor General) inspection report last year upheld the findings of the Mendigiri panel and stated that \"infructuous'' expenditure was incurred due to overlapping schemes. It said no further payment should be made to the contractor and the deposit be forfeited. The report recommended that the contractor be blacklisted and responsibility be fixed on departmental officials.The CAG then did a special review of the working of VIDC. The report, which was tabled in the last state assembly session, said, \"The cement concrete lining developed cracks within one to two years after completion of the works. On examination, work was found to be substandard by the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute, Nashik. Thus, decision to allot CC lining work without seeking approval of the Central Designs Organization, Nashik, resulted in a wasteful expenditure of Rs 51.49 crore.''Central Water Commission chairman R C Jha visited the site three months ago. In the 107-km-long right canal, he found cracks in some places while in some sections the panel had collapsed. At another spot, the retaining wall had been shifted towards the centre by about nine metres.Documents under RTI revealed that VIDC issued tenders worth Rs 11,126 crore between 2007 and 2009. But its own annual financial statement shows it received a total contribution of only Rs 5,751 crore from the state government during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726696", "title": "Cocaine kingpin in Kolkata police net", "text": "KOLKATA: It's official now. Kolkata is one of the cocaine-consuming cities of the country. After the arrest of 55-year-old Anglo-Indian drug smuggler Donald Wildsar Maitland and seizure of 100 grams of cocaine cubes (worth Rs 1 crore), sleuths believe that the city has considerable number of cocaine consumers like Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad.Till the arrest, officers of city police's narcotic cell had strong suspicion that people are peddling 'safed or crack' among a group of people in Kolkata, but they could never prove it. According to some senior officers, this is the first time that cocaine has been seized in Kolkata.Police could reach up to Donald \u2014 believed to be the main man behind the cocaine trade in Kolkata \u2014 after interrogating Ang Tshering Obesing, who had been arrested on June 29 from Convent Road.Police seized 132 grams of some white powder, a country-made 9 mm pistol, Rs 75,000 in cash and two passports from his car.Initially, police thought that the powder was a refined form of heroine. But during interrogation, Obesing revealed that it was cocaine and he was to supply it to some regular customers.Then, officers of narcotic cell took up the case and got important leads about a racket active in the city. Officers retrieved some numbers from Obesing's cell phone and with the help of local sources, zeroed in on Donald. He had been staying at a rented accommodation at Parnasree for some time.Late on Thursday, Donald was picked up from DC Dey Street near Tyangra, where he had gone to deliver a consignment of cocaine. Two cocaine cubes of 50 grams each were seized from him. After interrogating him, police realized that he was one of the kingpins of the cocaine smuggling racket. He is also an important link of an international chain, they believe.Hailing from Mumbai, Donald spent 10 years in a Dubai jail for a drug-related offence. After he was released, he returned to Mumbai and joined the cocaine cartel again. But following a series of arrests in Goa and Mumbai two years ago, he moved to Kolkata. To him, it was not a new place. He was among the first few who had supplied the drug to some people in the city way back in 2008.Using his old chain, Donald started forming clientele in his own community. Donald himself is a cocaine addict. Police suspect that in recent times they also used to supply cocaine and ecstasy for some private parties. Youths from affluent families prefer such expensive drugs, say police. \"We first came to know about Donald in 2008, but we could never trace him. Since then we are after him and when we mentioned Donald's name to Obesing, he confessed that he used to collect white powder from him,\" said an investigator. Retail peddlers like Obesing used to sell cocaine pouches (10 mg cocaine mixed with paracetamol powder) at Rs 2200 each. One hundred and thirty-four such pouches were seized from Obesing.Police think that Donald used to receive consignments from an African group, probably from Nigeria. \"We will round up the main man behind the racket soon,\" said an officer. Joint CP (Crime) Pallav Kanti Ghosh said Donald has been remanded in police custody till July 13.Youth arrested for molestationGhatal : A 17-year-old school dropout has been arrested from Dirgho village in Ghatal for molesting a Class-IX girl. The accused allegedly threw off the father, who was taking the girl to her school, from his cycle and tried to molest her. The father somehow managed to stop a trekker passing by. Passengers on the trekker rescued the girl, but the boy managed to escape. He was later arrested from his uncle's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14724636", "title": "Govt role in land acquisition to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calling for cutting red tape to promote investment and to fuel growth, the Centre has decided to retain a government role in acquiring land for private companies and rejected a parliamentary panel recommendation barring states from aiding private bodies in this aspect.After considering the panel's suggestions, the rural development ministry dubbed them unacceptable \"since a developing economy like India requires government intervention to facilitate development\". It, however, reiterated that government could acquire land only after the consent of 80% of affected families.The emphatic rejection forms the core of the reworked 'land acquisition amendment bill' that the rural development ministry will bring for Cabinet approval before the start of Parliament's monsoon session next month.The parliamentary standing committee had stunned the UPA by rejecting liberal provisions of the amendment bill that empowered the government to acquire land for private parties as well as public private partnership (PPP) projects involved in \"production of goods for public or provision of public services\".There was concern in the government that such a move would hurt industrialization and infrastructure development since it would be difficult for private bodies to acquire large chunks of land. Most industrialization and infrastructure projects are now executed by private bodies or are PPP projects.The draft bill has rejected the parliamentary panel's view that all types of land acquisition be brought under the bill's ambit, contrary to the proposed exemption given to 16 central Acts concerning highways, mines, petroleum lines, metro railways, railways and electricity. The panel had argued that 95% of land acquisition took place under these sectors and such a large exemption would severely restrict the ambit of the LA bill.The ministry has made a concession by stating that these 16 laws should, within two years, incorporate the compensation provided for in the LA bill.In a major change, the new draft will give the liberty to states to decide the threshold for restricting acquisition of fertile land and resettlement and rehabilitation provisions in privately negotiated deals.The older bill had set the ceiling of 5% on acquisition of multi-cropped, fertile land in any district, the provision being guided by concerns of food security. However, the draft says states can fix the percentage restrictions.The bill said that even a mutually agreed land deal (between private parties) would entitle the affected families to R&R; benefits if the size was over 100 acres in rural areas and 50 acres in urban areas.The draft, however, says the limits for extending R&R; could be decided by states.Times ViewLand acquisition by the government, particularly for private projects, has in recent years been a political hot potato. Still, there is no getting around the fact that governments should have a role in acquiring land if industrial projects are not to be held to ransom by individual plot owners. It is, therefore, welcome that the bill proposes to allow governments such a role. The key to overcoming the resistance to acquisition, however, lies in the fairness with which those whose lands are being acquired are treated. Adequate compensation, relocation and rehabilitation as well as giving those affected a stake in the proposed project are of the utmost importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727272", "title": "Ex-owners get challans for sold vehicles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After selling off your vehicle, make sure you transfer its ownership too. For, many city residents are receiving challans for offences committed by the new owners of their old vehicles.Gurdarshan Singh of Sector 10, Panchkula, was shocked to receive a challan from Chandigarh traffic police for a violation involving his old motorcycle that he had sold two years ago.An employee with a private firm in Sector 8, Gurdarshan is now trying hard to convince the cops that he was not driving the bike when the rules were flouted. The slip, which he received on July 3, was issued after scrutinizing a CCTV camera footage.He said, \"I had sold off the motorcycle to a Chandigarh Sector 8 resident around two years ago. And later, he too had sold it off. The challan slip shows the offence was committed on June 5.\" \"When I inquired, I learned that it was still registered in my name. It's my fault... I had not transferred its ownership after giving it up,\" he added. The challaned motorcycle bears Chandigarh registration number.There are many others like him. A shopkeeper of Sector 26, Sudhir Singla, said, \"I had received a challan against my Maruti, which I had sold off eight months ago, on June 25. After running from pillar to post and collecting many documents, I convinced the cops that I had sold it and was not driving it when the violation was committed.\"Chandigarh traffic police lines in Sector 29 is witnessing many such cases every week.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said, \"It is the responsibility of the person concerned to prove that he had sold the vehicle to someone else. He will be spared of the challan after it is confirmed that someone else was driving the vehicle at that time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14729505", "title": "Teachers, activists take Delhi University OBC admission complaints to Kapil Siba", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of Delhi University teachers met HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Friday and sought his intervention to correct alleged irregularities in admissions of OBC students, and ensure that reserved seats are not converted to general category in a hurry.A group of students and teachers had earlier this week protested in the University campus, as well as outside the MHRD against what they said were discrepancies in admissions against the reserved category students.A seven-member team of representatives met Kapil Sibal and laid before him their concerns and sought his immediate intervention in the matter.The teachers said the minister then instructed University officials to ensure there is no violation in the procedure of admissions, they said.\"Our meeting was very positive. He instructed University officials including the registrar and dean students welfare, that there should be no violations,\" prof Hany Babu, who was part of the delegation, said after the meeting.Babu said they were alarmed at the fact that even when colleges had not reduced OBC cut offs significantly enough to fill all reserved seats, the University has already announced that post July 18, all reserved seats would be converted to general category.He said the high court had last year clearly said that the 10 per cent margin in marks between the general category and OBCs were at the eligibility criteria and that the cut offs can be brought down by even more than that.\"Mr Sibal assured us that it was the ministry's responsibility to ensure the procedure was followed correctly, and he will see to it,\" said Babu.\"He said reservation has to be provided to SC/ST/OBC on total intake and not on sanctioned seats,\" he said.Babu said the refrain of the University officials was that over admissions in the general category were on account of supernumerary categories, an argument that does not look good when one looks at the fact that almost 10,000 admissions were made last year above the sanctioned strength.Several teachers and students have expressed concern that the University was not doing enough to ensure all reserved seats are filled, while over-admissions were being done in the general category.Several students from the reserved category alleged that Ramjas college was admitting all students who meet a particular cut off requirement in the General category but was not applying the same policy for OBC students.When a college declares a cut-off list, it is expected to provide admission to all students who meet that requirement even if it means admitting over the sanctioned strength.However, some students applying in the reserved category alleged that a 'merit list' was released for OBC candidates to restrict their admissions to the sanctioned strength while general students were not subjected to such a criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14727602", "title": "Monsoon teases city, raises hope for Sunday", "text": "LUDHIANA: After giving a brief respite from hot waves with cool winds, monsoon is again tantalizing the residents of the city with no rain in sight. The dark skies again cheated Ludhianvis even as the weather experts at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) predicted that it would officially start from Sunday. Though, the sky was cloudy since morning but it turned dark at around 2pm and drizzled an hour later only for a few minutes.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at PAU, said, \"It rained in many adjoining areas of Ludhiana, but it drizzled only for a few minutes in city. It's a part of pre-monsoon disturbance. Officially, we will declare the onset of monsoon probably on Sunday as it's likely to arrive in Punjab and adjoining areas by that time.\" She added that thanks to the light pre-monsoon showers, the maximum temperature has come down to 37 degree celsius, whereas the humidity levels remain at 67% in the morning and 45% in the evening hours.Despite absence of showers, cool winds brought cheer to city residents. Raj Mittal, a businessman of Model Gram, said, \"After days of hot and humid weather, Friday brought a wonderful surprise for us as the weather turned pleasant. There was drizzling too but it left us wanting more.\"Another resident, Jeet Puri, homemaker of BRS Nagar, said, \"The way dark clouds appeared in the sky at around 2pm we were expecting heavy showers to lash the city, but sadly the rain didn't turn up. We hope that monsoon hits the city soon to give us respite from this scorching heat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14731524", "title": "Central government to procure equipment for six medical colleges across country", "text": "NAGPUR: The central government has decided to procure all the equipment for the six medical colleges and institutions being upgraded under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY) across the country through a centralised procurement system.Till now each state government purchased the equipment directly under the scheme but it was a three-level, time consuming and cumbersome process involving the college dean, the medical education department and the state government.The state governments have the option of seeking equipment through central government but looking at the exhaustive tendering process requiring a lot of time the state government agreed to switch to the new method.\"\"Probably the new system will minimise the purchase and installation time of the equipment and help get standard equipment for institutions under PMSSY. Till now, the dean was empowered to buy equipment up to just Rs 3 lakh, the director of medical education Rs 10 lakh and only state medical secretary had the authority to sanction purchase of equipment priced above Rs 10 lakh. The new system will simplify the procedure and make world class equipment available,\"\" said the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) dean Dr Rajaram Powar.Central government has nominated Hindustan Latex Limited for procurement of all equipment through tendering process at both national and international levels. But all institutions under PMSSY will have to shell out 2-2.8% of the cost money to HLL for conducting the procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14728052", "title": "Rathore case: Judge removed, put on APO", "text": "JAIPUR: A district and sessions judge in Jaipur who is facing inquiry over his order discharging BJP legislator Rajendra Singh Rathore in the Dara Singh fake encounter killing case has been removed.Prakash Chand Jain, who discharged Rathore on May 31, has been removed and placed in category of awaiting posting till further orders, officials said here on Friday. However, the Rajasthan High Court's administrative wing has refuted any connection between the transfer order issued on July 5 and the administrative inquiry instituted by the chief Justice of high court against the judge following a complaint by Sushila, the wife of Dara Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pasuruan", "code": "14732728", "title": "Sujjan Singh scores first title win outside India in Indonesia", "text": "PASURUAN: Sujjan Singh completed a start-to-finish victory with an even-par 72 at the Taman Dayu Championship and immediately dedicated his win to his new-born daughter on Saturday.Sujjan, starting the day with a 10-shot advantage was never threatened as he cruised to his first victory outside of India with a 22-under-par 266 total at the majestic Taman Dayu Golf and Resort here.Sujjan, who hit the headlines with tied fifth at the Avantha Masters last year, became the first Indian to win on the Asian Development Tour, the second rung Tour in Asia.This year on Asian Tour, Sujjan has made four cuts in nine starts with tied 27th at the Panasonic Open as his best.Ajeetesh Sandhu shot 71 in the final round to finish tied 31st at one-under 287.Australians Michael Moore and Anthony Choat battled to a 66 and 68 respectively to share second place with Filipino veteran Antonio Lascuna (68) on 272, six shots adrift of Sujjan, at the inaugural Asian Development Tour (ADT) event.\"I dedicate my win to my new born daughter Serena and also to my sister. I just welcomed a baby girl in May and you start to feel that golf is not everything. That kind of eases the pressure and it worked for me this week,\" said Sujjan, whose wife, Irina Brar, was a former India No. 1 woman golfer.It was a relatively quiet final round for Sujjan compared to his previous days' scores of 64, 63 and 67 as he returned with two birdies and one double bogey on the par four 10th hole when his approach shot to the green got plugged in the greenside bunker.\"I had to concentrate on my own game which was much harder because I was struggling with my ball striking. I missed a lot of fairways and this course will get tougher when you do that. I was still happy with the way I hung in there. I think my short game was fantastic,\" said the 31-year-old Sujjan, who played on a sponsor's invitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14725928", "title": "VJAS warns of stir for BPL ration cards", "text": "YAVATMAL: Over one lakh families from Adivasi, Dalit and underprivileged categories in the district have been deprived of BPL ration cards, despite intervention of the high court and apex court following the recommendations of Justice Wadhva committee, alleged general secretary of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti ( VJAS), Mohan Jadhav on Thursday.Jadhav has urged the administration to rectify the lapses immediately by issuing BPL cards to eligible families, failing which his organization would launch a mass agitation from July 15.Expressing his anger over unavailability of food under government sponsored schemes, Jadhav told TOI, \"Food grains are decaying in many states for want of adequate storage facility but the authorities are deliberately denying food to starving adivasis and tribals.\" He also criticised the government for its decision to export foodgrains at throwaway prices.\"The same foodgrains are imported at higher rates after 3-4 months citing artificial shortage,\" Jadhav alleged adding that food security is a constitutional right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725791", "title": "500 mango varieties at Dilli Haat", "text": "NEW DELHI: This weekend, Delhites can explore up to 500 varieties of mangoes at the ongoing festival at Dilli Haat, Pitampura. The three-day festival \u2014 from 11am to 9pm \u2014 has been organized by tourism department and will be open till Sunday.\"The 24th Mango Festival not only helps in popularizing the fruit but also helps in creating awareness about the research and innovation that goes behind the cultivation,\" said a Tourism official.The festival has varieties ranging from Bazri mango which weighs around a kg to the green colored Anar Dana variety that weighs barely 10 grams a piece. Besides this, the festival has organized a mango eating competition, mango slogan writing contest, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727172", "title": "Heavy rain delays Air India flight", "text": "PATNA: An Air India flight from New Delhi could not land at 3.15 pm at the Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport on Friday. It landed at 5.16 pm.According to airport sources, the Air India flight AI 408 hovered over Patna for about an hour and then was diverted to the Birsa Munda Airport, Ranchi. \"The landing of the flight was impossible on the scheduled time due to heavy rain in the city. The pilot cannot hover around for long as it is wastage of fuel,\" said Arvind Dubey, director, Patna Airport. According to sources at the airport, landing of flights will become impossible if heavy rain lashes the city during monsoon.A Met department official said, \"Visibility at the Patna Airport dropped to 3,219 metres on Friday afternoon due to heavy rain.\" According to an official at the meteorological department, monsoon has reached Bihar and visibility at the airport is likely to go down in the days to come. \"Heavy rain is expected in the days to come and visibility could reduce to 500 metres during monsoon. Cloud formation also reduces visibility,\" he said. Moreover, the presence of tall trees at the adjoining Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park reduces the visibility of the runway during monsoon making it difficult for aircraft to land at the airport.The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park officials stopped pruning of 2,917 trees after CM Nitish Kumar showed concern over depleting greenery. It is likely to add to the problem of the short runway at Patna airport even though it is equipped with Instrument Landing System CAT-1 that helps the aircraft land safely during poor weather conditions when visibility is reduced to below 1,600 metres.An airport official said minimum visibility of 2,800 metres is required for an aeroplane to land at any airport. An airport runway should have a standard length of 8,000 feet. But the Patna airport runway is only 1,954 metres long. The approach funnel of the runway is further reduced due to the tall trees at the zoo, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730532", "title": "Ultra music signs Raghav", "text": "Ultra Music has today announced that they have signed Canadian artist Raghav to their label; currently home to some of the biggest international names in electronic music; including David Guetta , Deadmau5 and Calvin Harris.\"We are thrilled that Raghav has joined Ultra Music because he's an incredibly talented artist and we look forward to making some hit records together,\" said David Waxman, General Manager of Ultra Music.Raghav and the Ultra team are busy prepping a July release of single 'Fire' across the US and the UK, which has already been certified gold in Raghav's native Canada. A huge, international, summer smash in waiting, \"Fire\" was written by Raghav and produced by Jim Beanz of Timbaland Productions who, alongside UK producer Labrinth, has collaborated on Raghav's forthcoming album 'The Phoenix'.In keeping with Ultra's reputation for delivering hit collaborations, Raghav will share vocal duties on \"Fire\" with a very exciting, as yet to be announced, feature artist.\"After the crazy success of Fire in Canada , I'm looking forward to releasing my music across the US and Europe. From the outset, Ultra felt like the perfect home for me; artistically we're on the same wavelength and they have such an incredible reputation for breaking great records. I can't wait to announce the feature on Fire and for this new and very exciting chapter in my career,\" said Raghav.No stranger to success in Canada, many will already know Raghav from his multi award-winning debut album 'Storyteller', which produced four top ten hits in the UK alone and sold over 1.5 million copies worldwide. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727718", "title": "Conditions favourable for monsoon to cover country before mid-July: IMD", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) is not ruling out the possibility of the southwest monsoon covering the entire country before its normal date of July 15. \"The possibility (of monsoon covering India before July 15) does exists considering the highly favourable conditions for further advance into the remaining parts of western and northern states,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Friday.Last year, the monsoon had covered the entire country on July 9, six days earlier than its normal date of July 15, after hitting the mainland on May 29. In 2010, the monsoon covered entire India even earlier on July 6.The IMD's optimism this year stems from the rapid advance made by the monsoon in the last two days, including on Friday, and reports of fairly widespread rains in east Rajasthan and the northern parts of the country, including Haryana and Punjab.Delhi received its first spell of pre-monsoon showers and the IMD has maintained its forecast of the monsoon arriving in the national capital in next two to three days.On Friday, the monsoon advanced into some more parts of Gujarat region, east Rajasthan, most parts of Uttar Pradesh, some parts of Haryana and Punjab and in remaining parts of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh. The northern limit of monsoon, which denotes the area covered so far, now passes through Jamnagar, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Aligarh, Chandigarh and Amritsar.\"Only parts of north Gujarat, west Rajasthan and some areas of Haryana and Punjab, including Delhi, are now left uncovered by the monsoon,\" said Khole.She said, \"The presence of a trough of low pressure area, which stretches from northwest India to north Bay of Bengal , has been primarily responsible for good rainfall in the northern parts of the country.\"\"Coupled with this, the winds to the north of this trough, turnaround and take easterly direction to interact with the mid-latitude westerly winds,\" she said. \"These conditions are highly conducive for rainfall.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14726502", "title": "Tibetans honour Dalai Lama on birthday", "text": "BANGALORE: While thousands attended the 77{+t}{+h} birthday celebrations of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama at his home-in-exile Dharamsala on Friday, hundreds gathered at the Tibetan Youth Hostel here to pay tribute to him and dedicated cultural shows in his honour.Over 300 Tibetans from different parts of the city and state gathered for the celebrations. There were several traditional performances by local Tibetan residents who sang in Telugu and Kannada too. \"We wish for His Highness to return to Tibet some day. The Chinese government should make this a reality,\" said Karma Singey, chief representative, Central Tibetan Administration, Bangalore.\"As we're currently asking for autonomy and not a separate nation for Tibet, we feel the Chinese can easily solve this issue once and for all by making minor changes in its Constitution. We have waited for a very long time to return home and we're still hoping for the best,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14726517", "title": "Justice for Kshama Chopra Shetye: Candlelight vigil today", "text": "GURGAON: Friends and well-wishers of Shailesh Shetye, whose pregnant wife was killed in an accident involving a BMW car in Gurgaon on May 5, plan to hold a candlelight vigil on Saturday. The driver of the Indigo car in which they were travelling, Sanjay Gulati (42), was also killed in the crash along with Kshama Chopra Shetye (33), Shailesh's wife.Shetye's friends said that there were many questions which, even after months of the accident, remain unanswered. \"Through this vigil, we want to seek answers to these questions. We are planning another vigil where we want to put forth these vital questions before the authorities and ensure that the investigation is carried out in a totally fair, transparent and prompt manner,\" said one of the organizers of the vigil. They have asked citizens to join the vigil to show that they care.Event: Candlelight vigil When: At 6pm on July 7 Begins at: Open ground, IFFCO Towers Ends at: DCP office, Sushant Lok 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725873", "title": "Missing persons end up dead as cops fail to act on complaints", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to tracing missing persons even after a complaint has been lodged, Mumbai police seems to swing into action only after they are killed. Between March and June this year, there have been at least five incidents where despite a missing person's complaint being lodged, little or no action had been taken by the police to trace them, only to find that they have been gruesomely murdered.So much so, that in some cases, the murderers have gone on to kill more people and have confessed to those serial killings after they have been nabbed by the police much after the deed has been done.\"The local police rarely take interest in missing person's cases and they need to change their approach. Many criminals kill their victims and dump their bodies in neighboring district after ensuring their identities remain unknown. In most of the cases, the accused are usual suspects and known to the victims,\" a senior crime branch officer said.From Bollywood starlets Laila Khan and Meenakshi Thapa's case to that of aspiring Bollywood producer Karankumar Kakkar's murder to that of Borivli builder Nitin Dhakan's killing, all of them were found murdered with the police sitting on the missing person's complaint filed by their family members. In Kakkar's case, if the police had acted on time, they would have been able to stop serial killer Vijay Palande from murdering Delhi-based businessman Arunkumar Tikko.The latest case is that of 19-year-old Sabarat Khan, who went missing from his south Mumbai residence on April 11. Though his parents lodged a complaint with the Pydhonie police and pleaded with them to question his cousin and a friend, the cops refused to budge. The family had its suspicions, as Sabarat's cousin brother had died after falling from a train near Dahanu last year and his brother suspected Sabarat of killing him. After his brother's death, Sabarat's cousin had also threatened him.The family's suspicions came true after they found a body near Vasai that turned out to be that of Sabarat. \"We have arrested three of the accused in the case,\" additional SP (Thane rural) Sangramsingh Nishandar said.KILLED BY APATHYSabarat Khan: The 19-year-old boy went missing from his south Mumbai residence on April 11 and a missing person's complaint was lodged at Pydhonie police station. Sabarat's family suspected one of his cousin's and a friend of having killed him but the police did not act on it. An unidentified body was found at Vasai, which turned out to be that of Sabarat. He was killed by his cousin and two accomplices over an old fued.Karankumar Kakkar: Despite his family filing a missing person's complaint with the Amboli police in March, the cops refused to entertain it and said he would return after some days. The family said they had told the police that they suspected Vijay Palande and his friend Simran Sood in Karan's disappearance. Karan was an aspiring producer and Palande along with Sood had befriended him. They also said that if the police taken their complaint, Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku may have still been alive. Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde killed Karan at his Andheri (W) flat on March 5. They chopped his body into pieces and dumped them at Kumbharli ghat near ChiplunMeenakshi Thapa: A small-time actor, Meenakshi, who is originally from Dehradun , goes missing from Mumbai and her brother Navraj lodged a missing person's complaint in Mumbai, while mother filed one in Dehradun. Navraj in his complaint suspected two junior artistes-Amit Jaiswal and Priti Surin, both from UP-whom she had befriended on the sets of the movie Heroine. Eventually, it was found that Jaiswal and Surin took her to Gorakhpur in March on the pretext of work, where they beheaded her, while also asking for money from her family. Thapa had told them that she belongs to a rich Nepalese family and acting was a hobby for her.Nitin Dhakan: A Borivli builder, Nitin, who was missing since April 27, was murdered over a failed property deal. Nitin and his acquaintance, Ashok Burman, had paid a token amount of Rs 1.11 lakh to the main accused, property broker Gopal Pandey, to buy a plot at Saibaba Nagar in Borivli. When the two learnt the plot was embroiled in litigation, they began delaying the purchase, said the police. This is believed to have irked Pandey who then plotted Nitin's murder. He was abducted and set ablaze in Manor forest. The police arrested Pandey on June 13 and found that he had killed two more persons, loan agent Sanjay Chavan and autorickshaw driver Vijay, and dumped their bodies on the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14727799", "title": "Subway at Dwarka junction to be ready by November", "text": "NASHIK: The pedestrian subway under construction at the Dwarka junction as part of the flyover project on the Mumbai-Agra national highway is scheduled for completion by November. Once ready, the subway would prove to be a boon for pedestrians struggling to cross the busy junction where the Mumbai-Agra and Nashik-Pune highways meet.Speaking about the underpass, project director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), Sriram Misra, said that the work is getting delayed due to shifting of different utilities like sewage lines, telephone lines and other cables and pipelines. However, efforts are being made to ensure that the entire work is over by November and the subway is thrown open for the public.The subway is being constructed taking into account the inconvenience faced by pedestrians in cross ing the busy junction. While the four-lane flyover will help vehicular traffic on the Mumbai-Agra Highway bypass, the eight lanes beneath it, comprising four lanes of the highway and the four-lane service road, will be used by the city traffic as well as highway traffic.Meanwhile, the subway beneath the flyover will lead to all the five roads at the Dwarka junction. Five different paths from the city come together at the Dwarka junction: the Mumbai-Agra national highway number 3,, where the vehicular traffic on the either side of the road cross at Dwarkathe Nashik-Pune road leading to the Nashik Road railway station and further to Pune, the road leading towards the city, and the road leading towards the crematorium along the bank of the Godavari.The subway will lead to all the five roads and will be well illuminated as well. However, there won't be any commercial space along its sides.The subway is part of a road widening project from Gonde to Pimpalgaon. Since the Dwarka junction is actually an intersection of the Mumbai-Agra Highway and the Nashik-Pune Highway and a heavy amount of vehicular traffic of the city also passes through this circle, for pedestrians crossing this junction of five roads is nothing less than a nightmare.With this in mind, the subway has been included in the road widening work. Misra said that even the 2.8km flyover from Indiranagar to Dwarka will be opened for traffic by September end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727266", "title": "This photograph will not bring smile on your face", "text": "MANGALORE: Haphazard dumping of domestic and bio-medical waste in the city could give all those indulging in such acts their three minutes of fame. Peeved with the attitude of a section of citizens who dump waste in places convenient to them instead of bins, the Mangalore City Corporation has decided to catch them in action by installing cameras and publicize their acts as a deterrent.According to MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar the civic body ends up getting the blame for garbage strewn at various places in the city limits. \"Often we find that garbage is thrown at a stone's throw distance from the metal container bins placed by the corporation. It is not just domestic garbage, a few institutions also dispose medical waste in the open,\" he said.Most of such acts took place at night, said K Srikanth Rao, the joint commissioner.\"The city corporation has taken a note of flat owners dumping waste at a place close to their building rather than the waste bins. Imposing a fine on individual or collective defaulters has not yielded the desired results,\" he said and added that it was better to \"touch\" the conscience of such persons by giving wide publicity to their lack of civic sense.Not disclosing the areas where the cameras will be fixed, their numbers or the date from which the project will get underway, the commissioner said, \"It is better to keep people on tenterhooks in this regard.\"However, the commissioner hinted that since such complaints are common in residential areas and near hospitals, these could be the areas where the city corporation willfix the cameras first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726743", "title": "Lewd joke causes bust-up at IFS officers\u2019 party", "text": "CHENNAI: A retirement party for an Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer at a popular club in the city ended with a punch-up between two drunken officers after one of them made a lewd joke insinuating that the other officer was impotent.Guests at the party, which started at 7pm and continued till midnight, were too stunned to react and simply looked on for at least five minutes as a junior officer, embarrassed by the comments made by a senior, launched himself at him and the two punched and kicked each other.\"The incident occurred past midnight after a bunch of teetotallers left the party,\" a police officer said, quoting guests at the party.The junior IFS officer, from the southern zone, first snapped at the senior officer when he cracked a dirty joke, the officer said. \"This led to a heated argument and soon the officers were exchanging blows,\" he said. \"Other guests were taken aback and no one tried to stop them. Some of the guests left the party hall.\"When the officers showed no sign of letting up after more than five minutes of trying to knock each other out, a guest at the party finally called police. A patrol vehicle with a police inspector and constables arrived at the spot in no time and with their help the other IFS officers evicted the two troublemakers.The inspector informed senior police officers about the fracas and they asked officials at the club to make a formal complaint if there was any damage to property due to the quarrel.\"We didn't pursue the case further as neither the club nor the aggrieved IFS officer lodged a complaint,\" a police inspector said. The sparring IFS men apparently came to an agreement and decided to make peace on the intervention of a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727259", "title": "Panjab University extends form submission date", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University has extended the deadline for submission of forms for admission to all its departments to July 9 now. Following a series of protests on the campus by various student bodies, the university officials took this decision on Friday.Members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and Panjab University Students Union (PUSU) have been staging protests for the extension of dates for admissions. \"Each year the university gives about 15 days to fill the admission forms, but this year the OCET results were declared on June 25 and last date for submitting forms was July 2. Scores of students were left out in the process as they could not fill forms in time,\" said Manoj Lubana, a student leader. Meanwhile, PUSU members staged agitation over extension of dates as well as reduction of seats MA English and Ancient History subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727592", "title": "Govt finalises plan for free laptops, tabs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government's promise of free laptops and tablets came one step closer to being realised on Friday when the department of secondary education finalised the distributed plan for the gadgets among successful students. Coming exactly a week after the state Cabinet approved the distribution plan, the Friday's decision came with a rider. Laptops and tablets will be distributed in a district on the basis of demands put forth by its district magistrate.In a government order issued on Friday, the secondary education department said institutions will be entirely responsible for preparing the list of beneficiaries. Once submitted to the district administration, the government has also decided to get at least 5% of the beneficiary list verified by a district-level monitoring team. In case the team finds discrepancies, distribution of the laptops and tablets to the entire institution will be stalled until the beneficiary list is verified entirely, again.With distribution of free laptops and tablets promised across UP, the government has also formulated a phased distribution plan that covers, to begin with, government schools and institutions. In the second phase, gadgets will be distributed to government-aided institutions, including Arabic and Persian madrassas recognized by the Madrassa Board and Sanskrit Education Board. In the third phase, distribution will be done to unaided institutions followed by, in the fourth and final phase, CBSE and ICSE recognized schools and institutions.For the free distribution of tablets and laptops to students, the government also set up a Special Project Implementation Unit on Friday. Roping in a five-member team of experts comprising IIT-Kanpur, IIM-Lucknow, National Informatics Centre, UPDESCO and UPECL to decide the technical specifications of the gadgets, the state electronics corporation limited (UPECL) was also appointed nodal agency for purchase, tendering, contracting, timely delivery and pre-dispatch inspection of the laptops and tablets.The nodal agency will also be responsible for ensuring all vendors provide enough technical man power to ensure at least 5% laptops and tablets are examined before distribution at each tehsil. The government has also suggested that principals of some schools be roped in for technical examination.Once ready for distribution vendors will have to give demonstrations at every school, where at least one teacher will need to be present. Vendors will also need to set up at least one service centre at every tehsil, apart from supplying an operation manual and a do's and don'ts handout for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "14726591", "title": "Advani factor delaying change of guard in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: It's a waiting game for all BJP camps in Karnataka as the party's central leadership is busy tying up loose ends which includes bringing patriarch L K Advani on board to announce Jagadish Shettar as the new CM.At the same time, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's camp is not overly exuberant over having succeeded in replacing D V Sadananda Gowda as CM. Till the BJP's parliamentary board meets and formally announces a change of guard, it's keeping its fingers crossed over any possible sabotage by some ginger groups who could play a spoilsport by resigning from the assembly and creating a constitutional crisis.The delay in convening the parliamentary board meeting - it might happen over the weekend - is said to be due to Advani's reservations over replacing Gowda. The former deputy PM is reported to have questioned party leaders Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley , who met him on Thursday evening, on how they believe Yeddyurappa won't create trouble again. Its learnt that the national leaders are trying to convince Advani to give his consent as they don't want to take any decision by overriding him.Advani is learnt to have pointed out that Gowda was Yeddyurappa's choice for the chief ministership. If the same problem crops up a few months from now, the party would suffer badly in the assembly elections due in less than a year.Sources say Advani's apprehensions are justified. After the BJP's rout in the UP assembly polls, he had criticized the party's decision to induct tainted leader Babu Singh Kushwaha , its tacit support to controversial NRI businessman Anshuman Mishra in the Sabha elections, and its poor handling of the Karnataka crisis. While Shettar taking over as CM looks certain, there is unlikely to be a deputy CM's post. Gowda might be rehabilitated with a post at the national level or in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727332", "title": "All India Federation of University and College Teachers\u2019 Organisation\u2019s national meet in Patna tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: As part of its golden jubilee celebration, the All India Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation (AIFUCTO) will hold its national executive council meet at Sri Arvind Mahila College here on July 8.AIFUCTO, the apex body of college and university teachers in the country, has fought and won several battles for the betterment of their service conditions and improving the system of higher education in the country during the last 50 years. It was formed at a meeting held at Udai Pratap College, Varanasi, on April 24, 1962. Since then it has been championing the cause of teachers.More than 100 teachers' representatives from different universities of the country will participate in the meeting and discuss the problems of higher education in general and university teachers in particular. Bihar education minister P K Shahi will inaugurate the meet. World Federation of Teachers' Union general secretary, B Vijay Kumar, will be the chief guest on the occasion. Magadh University vice-chancellor Arun Kumar will be the guest of honour.AIFUCTO's former general secretary, Mrinmoy Bhattacharya, will deliver the golden jubilee lecture on 'Role of AIFUCTO in teachers' movement in India' on the occasion, said organizing committee convener Arun Kumar.Leaders of both the university teachers' organizations of the state, the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) and Federation of University Service Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Fustab), will also attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727518", "title": "Monsoon march: UP prepares for worst", "text": "LUCKNOW: Making contingency preparations for a possible drought-like situation in UP, chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Friday asked top officials of all departments to prepare an emergency plan within the next two days.Usmani instructed the principal secretary of the revenue department to prepare for relief and rehabilitation work at all divisions and districts. In case of crop failure, departments have been told to prepare alternate employment plans for affected cultivators, apart from arranging for alternate crops and fertiliser.The irrigation department has been instructed to fill all ponds and other water storage facilities in the state to ensure animals have enough drinking water. Departments have been asked to stock up on pesticides for treating crops affected by drought related pests.All hand pumps \u2014 about 500 \u2014 that are out of order will be repaired immediately. The chief secretary also asked the department of food and civil supplies to maintain extra stocks of foodgrain for distribution in case largescale malnutrition is reported. Health delivery facilities will be set in order to ensure emergency medicines are available, should the need arise.Usmani said arrangements have been made to supply 59 lakh vaccines of diphtheria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726765", "title": "Cop who held athlete indecently to face probe", "text": "KOLKATA: Bowing to mounting pressure, the state government has decided to order a departmental inquiry against a male constable who was escorting Pinki Pramanik during the athlete's movements to and from the court and various hospitals. The constable was photographed holding Pinki in a manner that appeared to be indecent. Officials refused to disclose the name of the policeman in question.Though more than one male constable escorted Pinki on the multiple trips to court for production and to a private nursing home, Barasat district hospital and SSKM Hospital for medical examination, officials have taken cognizance of a photograph in which a constable is seen with his arms around Pinki, holding her in a manner that shocked everyone and triggered an uproar. Though the police did not react initially, it later found \"enough reasons to hold an inquiry against a male constable\", said a senior official on Friday.Interestingly, in the state government report being compiled for the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC), 'Pinki's safety' is cited as the reason for male constables escorting the former athlete. Police argued that with journalists crowding around the athlete, female constables were outnumbered and could not control the melee and thus Pinki had to be whisked away by male cops. Thus, while the government is justifying use of male cops to escort an athlete who is a woman till otherwise proven, it has initiated a departmental inquiry against a male constable at the same time.An official, however, said the two are not contradictory. \"It is true that male cops had to escort Pinki away. But the reason behind the inquiry is that many have objected to the photographs that were published in newspapers.\"However, it is evident that due to the criticism from all quarters, especially after the WBHRC sought a report, the state government is finally taking the issue seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727324", "title": "UP takes MoEF missive on Lion Safari lightly", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) has objected to the work being undertaken for the Samajwadi Party government's ambitious Lion Safari project in Etawah forest division, calling it violation of forest conservation act.The forest department, however, does not see the Centre's missive as a red-card for the project. Senior officials said it's \"just another piece of paper on the table\" from one wing of the MoEF while the department is already in the process of approaching the other wing of the ministry, the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), with a detailed master plan.Coming up on about 300 hectare of Fisher Forest area in Etawah forest division, this time around, it has attracted MoEF's concern for the felling of 'babool' trees and plantation of new saplings and grass in the area. MoEF had sent a letter to the principal secretary of the forest department on July 1 asking the department to immediately stop the on-going work and submit an action taken report within 15 days.The letter from the central ministry said UP forest department is clearing the area of 'babool' in violation of Forest Conservation Act (FCA), 1980. The letter raised an objection saying the state has no consent from the ministry to carry out any work in the area.Sources in the Central ministry say objection has come because the state submitted the proposal in 2005 and then there was no subsequent pursuance of the project. \"The state should have re-submitted the project before starting to fell the trees in the area,\" said sources.As per the approved working plan of Etawah forest division, any felling of trees and leveling of ground will need prior approval from the central government under FCA. However, the UP forest officers said the central ministry has 'misunderstood' the whole thing and have reacted to some of the pictures of the area which appeared in the media.When contacted, Rupak De, Chief Wildlife Warden and PCCF (wildlife), UP said, \"we will take a look of the letter and respond to them in due course of time.\" He said that department has been clearing 'babool' for soil and moisture conservation so that the area can support native vegetation. The work has got nothing to do with Lion Safari, as the department hasn't even got a new draft ready on the project, he added.The project, though proposed in 2005, has started moving only now. The senior officials of the forest department see the letter as a routine official communication. \"We are still in the process of submitting a master plan and going as per the CZA guidelines. There is hardly any work going on,\" said one of the officers. The project has already bagged the clearance of the Supreme Court.On the other hand, BS Munal, member secretary, CZA, New Delhi said that the proposal had got the consent of the authority. \"We have now asked them to submit a master plan now giving details about budget, staff, design, routes and how will it operate,\" he said.The project was mooted in 2005 by the Mulayam government with an idea to promote tourism in the state. MoEF had asked the state to submit a detailed plan, which the government couldn't do because its term got over. The successive Mayawati government didn't show interest. The project, which has been lying in the cold box since 2007, was revived after SP swept power in March this year.The government sanctioned Rs 5 crore for the project in this year's budget for the safari. Besides, forest department is already in consultation with other zoos to gets lions for the safari and the lion breeding centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726653", "title": "No more drinking water project on PPP model: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced that there will be no drinking water project on public private partnership (PPP) model in Madhya Pradesh after Khandwa and Shivpuri.Addressing a gathering here in Bhopal after releasing a state of the environment report prepared by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) at a workshop on water sanitation scenario, Chouhan said there would not be any project on privatisation of drinking water on PPP model. He said that no individual could have monopoly on water and air.Referring to the water scarcity of Bhopal, he said people in Bhopal were even happy with alternate day water supply. \"What is the need of 24X7 water supply in the cities and who requires this amount of water,\" he said at a function organised by The Nature Volunteers, Indore and the Rajiv Gandhi Proudhogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV).Singh also said his government would launch a scheme in rural areas to construct toilets so that \"the villagers are not forced to defecate in the open\".A similar scheme with different name would be launched for the poor of the urban areas, he said.Earlier, Sunita Narayan director general of the CSE suggested that the governments should bring legislation to save the water bodies. \"Those who encroach and pollute should be sent to jail,\" she demanded. She also wanted governments to start emphasizing more on treatment of urban waste then the multi-crore drinking water schemes.Even in cities like Bhopal there is no data on the quantity of sewage the city is producing. \"All this flows into our water bodies and even pollutes the underground water,\" she said, adding, \"It is high time we thought about how to treat of the sewage\".Criticising the PPP projects like the one in Khandwa, she said it is benefitting private parties.\" \"The Rs 96 crore project in Khandwa has 90% public money and 10% private, so who is benefitting?\" she askedShe emphasised the need of affordable drinking water. Abhilash Khandekar and Bhaloo Monde of the TNV, Professor Piyush Trivedi of the RGPV were also among others present.The inaugural ceremony was followed by a panel discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726866", "title": "Court rejects corporation plan to build toilet near temple", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation's plan to build toilets and bathrooms on a pavement abutting the famous Chitrakulam belonging to the Sri Adikesava Perumal temple in Mylapore has been shot down by the Madras high court.\"The corporation cannot, in the guise of providing the facility to one section, offend the sentiment of the other section, including creating nuisance by constructing toilet complex in the area,\" Justice K Chandru said on Monday.He was passing orders on a writ petition filed by Sri Adikesava Perumal Devasthanam, which wanted the corporation to stop the construction of latrines and bathrooms on the pavements on the four sides of the holy tank belonging to the temple at Mylapore.A bigger tank in the area belonging to the Kapaleeswarar temple was saved from wastes and left over vegetables being thrown into by vendors, when the HC stepped in a few years ago and ordered the shifting of all the hawkers to a location near Chitrakulam.Owing to demands from hawkers, and also because the streets around Chitrakulam were being used as open urinals, the corporation drew up a plan to construct a toilet complex on the pavements adjacent to the tank.Assailing the move, the temple administration filed the present writ petition stating that though it was the corporation's duty to provide and maintain adequate number of toilets in convenient places, it does not mean that they had the right to encroach pavements, that too adjoining the temple tank which has to be kept clean for all purposes.The corporation, however, justified the decision saying it was being done to avoid nuisance of open urination in the area. \"This is very useful to the public, vegetable vendors and pilgrims visiting the temple, especially during festivals,\" it said.Rejecting the justification and terming it strange, Justice Chandru said: \"The corporation has not considered the temple's request to remove the relocated vegetable vendors from the spot. It cannot insist upon occupying the pavements, which are meant only for road-users and not for any hawking purposes.\"The judge said that corporation had not acted in bona fide manner when it conceived the plan to construct the toilet complex adjacent to the temple, and added: \"The temple is well within its right to protect the sanctity of the temple tank by filing the writ petition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727363", "title": "Cops bust NGO's job racket, 3 held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday busted an NGO allegedly involved in duping jobless innocents in the name of arranging government jobs for them. The agency had allegedly taken more than rupees one crore from more than 50 gullible job seekers, police said after arresting the three key members who were running the NGO.Reports said Virendra Kumar of Rehmat Nagar in Gosainganj area lodged an FIR with the Gomtinagar police station accusing Keshav Lal and OP Jaiswal of his village and Pankaj Misra of Indira Nagar of fraud. The three had opened an NGO in the name of Modern Krishi Vikas Shodh Samiti at a rented accommodation in Vivek Khand area of the Gomtinagar. Virendra alleged that the three promised him and his friend a job in Food Corporation of India and took Rs 4.5 lakh from them few months ago.However, when the trio failed to arrange for the job for several months, Virendra started exerting pressure on them to return the money. Thereafter, they took Virendra and his friend to Noida on the pretext of finalising the deal with some top official at the FCI head office in Ghaziabad. However they returned a couple of days later on grounds that the officer they wanted to meet was out of station on an official tour.The accused then gave a cheque of Rs 1 lakh and another worth Rs 3.5 lakh, but both the cheques bounced when deposited in the bank for clearance. Virendra and his friend then lodged an FIR with the Gomtinagar police accusing the trio of fraud and giving them bogus cheques against dues worth Rs 4.5 lakh. The police arrested Keshav, OP Jaiswal and Pankaj Misra.Following preliminary investigations, Gomtinagar police said that more complaints have poured in against the accused and as per estimates there were around 50 such individuals who have been duped by the trio in a similar manner. Police said they are collecting other details related to the fraud. Police said action was initiated against the accused after the FCI confirmed that it has nothing to do with the NGO and that it was not known or connected to the department even remotely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14731116", "title": "Internet slang: Why BFD can't become the next LOL", "text": "WASHINGTON: While abbreviations like LOL or OMG have been common internet lingo, BFD, which clearly stands for \" Big Fucking Deal,\" has been making the rounds on Twitter lately.However, the term casts doubt as to how long it will stick around.Scholars are still working out why some abbreviations fizzle while others make a transition from insiders' jargon to broad acceptance.Linguist Allan Metcalf has developed a handy scale to forecast a neologism's chances of becoming a long-term part of the language.He assigns the expression a score of 0, 1, or 2 in each of five categories: frequency of use, unobtrusiveness, diversity of users, ability to generate related neologisms, and endurance of the concept it describes. (The chat room favourite RTFM--read the fucking manual--has withered largely because electronics no longer come with thick instruction manuals.)Metcalf cautions that forecasting BFD's prospects may be premature, but the early signs are not promising, Slate Magazine reported.He gives the abbreviation one point for frequency and one point for unobtrusiveness. (Abbreviations are usually somewhat obtrusive when used in a sentence.) It scores zero for diversity of users because it's mostly limited to newshounds and fervent Obama supporters.The term gets no versatility points, unlike LOL, which has spawned such gems as lolcano and lolcats.Endurance of the concept is a bit tricky. BFD has been in use for many years, but it didn't get a lot of attention before the VP popularized it 2010.If BFD stays linked to the health care reform bill, its life could be very short indeed.If, however, people begin referring to final exams, playoff football games, and their parents' divorces as BFDs, then it will last. Metcalf splits the difference at this stage, assigning it one point. That's a total of three points, which means the expression's newfound fame may not even survive the 2012 election.The other problem for BFD is that it didn't follow the developmental model of other successful neologisms, which usually incubate among an identifiable clique of devoted insiders before entering the broader public conversation.LOL, for example, was limited to the Canadian online bulletin board Viewline in the mid-1980s before the participants spread the expression to General Electric's much larger GEnie system.Other popular expressions, like TTLY (\"talk to you later\"), BRB (\"be right back\"), and ROFL (\"rolling on the floor laughing\"), started in chat rooms, where jargon-loving computing enthusiasts created and refined their abbreviations.Although computers offer a new medium for popularizing acronyms, the process hasn't changed much in two centuries.A group of newspaper editors employed the expression OK--a jokey misspelling of \"all correct\"--in 1839, at first accompanied by an explanation of its meaning.The term caught on among the general public a year later, when supporters of presidential candidate Martin \"Old Kinderhook\" Van Buren adopted the phrase \"Old Kinderhook is OK.\"BFD has one thing going for it--its obvious potential for ironic use.In past decades, people have typically adopted slang terms because they want to associate themselves with the people who already use them.Recently, however, linguists have observed increasing irony in the adoption of slang.Youngsters may use phrases like LOL--and, eventually, BFD--as a send-up of the parents who use the term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14733085", "title": "Pakhi all set to play political leader in Ganga Devi", "text": "Counted among the top actresses of Bhojpuri film industry, Pakhi Hegde is all set to woo her audience with her performance in 'Ganga Devi'. Pakhi is playing the character of a political person's wife who gets into politics to disclose the social and political corruption to the public.As per Pakhi this is going to be one of her best performances till date and definitely the most challenging one too. Nirhua is playing the male lead in the movie.'Rickshwala I Love You' is also one of her movie set to be released this year. Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726694", "title": "Rains yet to drench Bhopal, Indore divisions", "text": "BHOPAL: The monsoon is right here across the state, but the rain god has yet to smile on Bhopal and Indore divisions. On July 3, the meteorological office announced the arrival of monsoon in the state with director of meteorological Bhopal office DP Dube saying \"rainfall is going to take place in the next two or three days\".On Friday, Jabalpur and other places received good rain. Jabalpur recorded 20 cm rain, Vidisha 10 cm followed by Umaria and Shivpuri that received 5 cm each.Rewa and Seoni also received 4 cm of rainfall. Similarly, monsoon gathered pace in Satna, Damoh and Gwalior-Chambal divisions on Friday.But the picture remains grim for Bhopal, Indore and Hoshangabad divisions where the farmers wait anxiously for the sowing.The temperature came down by a few notches in almost all places in Madhya Pradesh. The maximum and minimum temperatures in four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 33.2 and 23.0 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 29.5 (-3) degrees against a minimum of 25.0 (+1) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was 30.6 (00) degrees while minimum was recorded at 23.0 (00) degrees.Gwalior which was sizzling by recording 40 plus temperature in the first three days, recorded a maximum temperature of 33.2 (-4) degrees and a minimum of 25.6 (-1) degrees C. On the other hand, the maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur were 26.5 (-5) and 23.0 (-1) degrees Celsius.The meteorological office predicted possibility of heavy rainfall in east MP and thundershowers over the rest of the places on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14724920", "title": "\u2018Saviour\u2019 top cop tastes police red tape", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior IPS officer has learnt the hard way why Mumbaikars are reluctant to intervene when they see crime on the streets.Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil, with the help of several police constables and in the presence of some other evening walkers, recently rescued a woman from being molested by two men on the Marine Drive promenade. A police constable himself became the complainant and a case was registered against the two arrested men. But, a couple of days after the incident, Nagre-Patil got a call from the Marine Drive police station to present himself there \"to get his statement recorded\".Nagre-Patil himself declined to comment on the incident but those in the know told TOI he admitted that he now understood what it felt like to be at the wrong end of inexplicable official procedures.An officer from the south region admitted there were several witnesses to the incident, including the policemen who took the culprit to the police station. \"It was not necessary to call Nagre-Patil for recording his statement just because he acted as an alert citizen when there were several witnesses at the very police station,\" he added.\"No wonder people avoid coming forward to help fellow citizens in trouble. What difference does one witness's statement make when several other policemen have already given their statements. It's a kind of harassment,\" another official said.Another officer admitted this was why citizens did not come forward to help accident victims or intervene in crime. \"We always ask people to come forward then engage them in unnecessary procedural formalities. We understand the need for as many as witnesses as possible in complicated cases but how many policemen's statements do you need in an open-and-shut case like this?\" he asked.Nagre-Patil and his wife were on an evening stroll on the promenade opposite Mumbai Police Gymkhana when he noticed two men assaulting a woman and a man. The officer, who was in his casuals, intervened. It led to an argument by which time an officer and two constables arrived.It transpired that the two assailants, who were drunk, approached the couple after seeing them kissing and tried to molest the woman and assaulted the boyfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730531", "title": "Srabanti is in R company", "text": "Guess who are the two men in actor Srabanti's life? \"Both their names start with 'R',\" she says.Of course, one is her hubby Rajib but what about the other? \"The other man is Raj Chakrabarty and I will soon be off to Europe with the two of them,\" smiles the pretty actor, who will be shooting two song-anddance sequences for \" Idiot \" and \" Kanamachi \" in Italy and Switzerland .\"Both the films are being made by the same production house and will star Ankush as my co-actor. Thus, it only makes sense that we finish off the sequences of both at one go. With Raj and Rajib being buddies, it will be a whole lot of fun,\" says Srabanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14729472", "title": "Mangalore: AIMIT Business School to hold Faculty Development Programmes", "text": "MANGALORE: AIMIT Businesss School , St Aloysius College, Beeri here will organize Faculty Development Programmes ( FDP) for the faculty and research scholars in July and August.The fist FDP will be held on July 2 B5-27 on Research Methods for Non-Statisticians. This is a basic course in Research Methodology with extensive exposure to software tools like SPSS.The course covers Quantitative techniques, Research Methodology and practical -coding and descriptive Statistics. On the second day the participants will be exposed to Parametric and Non-parametric testing techniques with practical's on test of significance, Association, ANOVA , Regression and Non-Parametric tests.The third day is devoted to Factor Analysis, MDS, Qualitative Data Analysis and multivariate Data Analysis.The Advanced programme in Research Methods with the theme \"Multivariate Statistical Research: Inter Dependence Techniques\" will be held on August 23-24. The FDP will deal with Cluster Analysis,Factor Analysis, MDS and Conjoint Analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725711", "title": "Special panel to monitor registration of private hospitals", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of brazen violation of building plans and fire safety measures, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) hospital committee has directed the health department to form a special panel to monitor registration of private hospitals in the city.In a directive given to deputy director (health), Dr Milind Ganvir, committee chairperson Dr Safalta Ambatkar, said the committee should comprise an officer from fire and emergency services department, an engineer from town planning department and a doctor. The committee should inspect private hospitals before issuing registration certificate or permission to run medical facilities.According to Ambatkar, the committee will be empowered to check if the private hospitals followed DCR norms while construction and whether it possesses occupancy certificates, fire NOC and other necessary documents like renewal of registration etc.In its maiden meeting with NMC's health department, the hospital committee members, including Dr Ambatkar and Dr Uma Gathibandhe, expressed concern over deteriorating facilities in NMC-run hospitals. Senior health officer Dr Savita Meshram was also present.Dr Ambatkar also reviewed preparations for any possible outbreak of swine flu; health schemes like Janani Suraksha Yojna; private public partnership (PPP) projects in civic hospitals; inspections of private sonography clinics under PCPNDT Act etc.Health department officials informed the committee members that the NMC has already started dialysis under private public partnership at its Mahal hospital. The service is being provided at cheaper rates and getting good response from needy patients, claimed the officials. Similarly, plans are afoot to start blood banks under PPP.Dr Ambatkar and other members of the committee, including Dr Uma Gathibandhe and Sangeeta Ghire, also inspected some corporation hospitals and expressed concern over lack of facilities. \"Patients who visit civic hospitals are very poor, so doctors here should serve with dedication and extend quality health care to the people,\" Dr Ambatkar said. The team enquired with doctors and officials about the facilities available at the civic hospitals. They also reviewed basic amenities, including maintenance of toilets, drinking water facilities and medicines.As per rule, NMC hospitals and clinics (RCH) are to render services between 8am and 2pm. But the clinics never open on time causing inconvenience to the patients, observed the hospital committee members. They directed Dr Ganvir to ensure that doctors and paramedical staff stick to their timings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727645", "title": "Medical entrance test: HC declines to intervene", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday declined to intervene in the challenge raised against entrance test conducted for admission to post graduate medical courses.Dismissing a batch of petitions highlighting that the answer key relied upon by the authorities were wrong, justice T R Ramachandran Nair said that the cut-off date for admissions was already over and therefore the court could not intervene.Citing several decisions of the Supreme Court, the judge ruled that the court would not be justified in intervening at this stage as the cut-off date for admissions was over.Stressing the importance of cut-off date, the court clarified that it need not go into the contention of the government that candidates who got admission and included in the rank list have not been impleaded in the case as well as the counter-argument by petitioners that an application to furnish details of candidates who got admission so as to implead them had already been filed.The court also declined to look into the contention raised by petitioners that the answer key relied upon by the authorities is wrong.The petitioners had alleged that the textbooks and authorities relied upon by them will show that some of the answer keys are not correct. The government had contended that the argument is not correct if reliance is placed on other textbooks.The court held that it could not venture into an exercise of verifying correctness of answer keys and is not going into the merits of the contentions. Relying on apex court's decisions, the court pointed out that it would not act as an expert. It will have to be done by academic bodies or individual experts in the field. Though the court can order for such an exercise, it cannot be done in the present case in view of the cut-off date, the court clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14727103", "title": "SC allows preservation, restoration of Jal Mahal lake to pvt firm", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Friday allowed preservation and restoration work of Jaipur's Man Sagar Lake by the private firm to which the 17th century monument Jal Mahal has been leased out.In the last hearing of the matter on May 25, the court had allowed the firm to carry out preservation and restoration work of just the Jal Mahal that stands in the lake. During hearing of the litigation disputing the monument's lease agreements on Friday, a bench comprising Justices Deepak Verma and Gyan Sudha Mishra observed that the lake was part of the monument.\"They (private firm) will be allowed to carry out all activities of maintenance of Jal Mahal as well as the lake,\" the bench said.The Rajasthan high court cancelled the lease agreements to the firm Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd on the basis of public interest litigations (PILs) on May 17. After the firm's appeal, the Supreme Court stayed the high court judgment on May 25. The apex court had then restrained the private firm from undertaking any fresh construction on the site and allowed only preservation and restoration work of the historical monument.On Friday, the bench clarified that the private firm was at its own risk carrying out the work on the monument and the lake, as the interim stay order was subject to the final outcome of the litigation before it.The state government had leased out the 100-acre prime land near the lake and the 17{+t}{+h} century monument in it to the private company for 99 years in 2005. Three PILs filed before the high court objected to the agreements on the grounds that the land estimated to be around Rs 3,500 crore was handed over to the private firm in return for just Rs 2.5 crore annual lease money and the monument was given away for an annual license fee of simply Re 1.When the litigation came up for hearing before the apex court on Friday, senior advocates Ranjit Kumar and Vivek Tankha, appearing for the private firm, said since the opposite parties failed to file their replies to the notices issued on May 25, the matter be put for final hearing. The bench, however, asked, \"What is the urgency? You are already standing on sound footing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14732082", "title": "London-bound Sudha fails in Olympics 'A' standard attempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Asian Games gold-medallist Sudha Singh ran a below par 9:53.94s to finish fifth in women's 3,000m steeplechase in the Bottrop Gala International Meet in Germany.Sudha, who has qualified for London Olympics after crossing the 'B' qualification standard last month, was hoping to touch the 'A' standard of 9:43.00 but could not do it at Bottrop, a central German town on Friday.Inzikuru Dorcus of Uganda won the race in 9:30.95s while Ayana Almaz of Kenya and Kudzelich Svetlana of Belarus were second and third in 9:38.62s and 9:39.43s respectively.National record holder Sudha had crossed the London Games 'B' qualification standard of 9:48.00s by clocking 9:47.70s early last month at Huelva in Spain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727268", "title": "\u2018Fire Force Act being amended for review\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: The Fire Force Act is being amended to equip fire personnel to review the safety measures at high-rise structures at regular intervals, director general of fire and emergency services Om Prakash told TOI on Friday. He was in Mysore on a two-day visit, during which he visited few fire stations in the region.After the Carlton tower fire accident two years ago in Bangalore, the state government has issued a directive to the fire and emergency services department to review fire safety measures adopted at public buildings and high-rise structures every two year.At present, once the owners of high-rise structures get a no objection certificate at the time of obtaining building completion report, there is no inspection done again.The proposed move will help the department to find out whether the building owners have continued to adhere to the fire safety measures like maintaining fire hydrants, motors and sprinklers for any emergency.The department is putting a system in place on this score.Om Prakash, however, said they don't have enforcement powers to insist or to book the violators of fire safety standards. They can only advise the building owners and the onus completely lies with building license issuing authority. They should insist on obtaining NOC from the fire and emergency department, he said.Their immediate challenge is to commission the 31 sanctioned fire stations across the state. They are yet to identify lands for some of the stations and need to fill up vacancies as the department is short-staffed. A proposal has been sent to the government in this regard. Presently the state has around 178 fire stations.Another challenge is providing training to employees in the government sector to protect the government properties from fire. The department will soon start a drive to educate and provide training in a phased manner, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726664", "title": "Safety measures sidelined", "text": "BHOPAL: The BRTS stretch, extending from the Habibganj under-bridge to the Board Office Square is one of the traffic bottlenecks as some part of it has invariably under construction for the past many months. The bad thing is not enough safety measures are being observed, feel experts.Sidharth Rokade, assistant professor at civil engineering department, MANIT and a traffic and transport engineering expert, said, \"During the under construction stage on this stretch safety norms were not being followed according to IRC (Indian Roads Congress) SP 55 guidelines, which lays down the norms to be followed for safety in construction zones. As a result, many accidents and deaths have taken place in the zone.\"Traffic expert Prafulla Joshi and founder of Save Life Cycle point to high death toll on the stretch. \"Last year, 19 persons died on the stretch between Habibganj Naka and Board Office Square. This year, there were eight deaths including three of pedestrians. It is a worrying trend.\"He highlights that there is tremendous parking crunch along the Mansarovar Complex area. \"Also, there are illegal shops lining the road in front of Sargam Talkies making the road narrow,\" he said.\"Encroachments are always a major problem as they are not easy to remove. The BMC should be careful at the time of road digging and should not follow the recent example when the Bank Lane was being widened and there was a difference of almost four feet, which was open and invitation to disaster,\" said Rokade.He added, \"The tendency is to keep cement bags along the road under-construction which is against the IRC guidelines. Proper barricading is required.\"The dysfunctional traffic signals at the Pragati Petrol Pump and the Board Office Square also throw the traffic in disarray and make it unsafe for pedestrians.The experts also expressed concern and the impact this would have on the roads in monsoon.\"Special driving conditions are required as there is a reduction in sight distance during the rainy season. Hence extra precautions should be taken by the management authorities to ward off untoward incidences,\" opined the experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "14727441", "title": "Keshubhai Patel to give a \u2018call for change\u2019 from Bhavnagar", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel is all set to take his battle against chief minister Narendra Modi to his home turf of Saurashtra.The ex-BJP veteran is expected to launch a frontal attack on Modi in a series of proposed 'Bas have to satta parivartan' (All we want is change of guard) mega gatherings. The first gathering is scheduled to be held in Bhavnagar on July 10.The event is expected to be a show of strength by Keshubhai in association with his present day close political aide Gordhan Zadaphia. The latter is a native of Gariadhar in Bhavnagar and is the president of Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP).Sources maintain that at least 1,500 people from BJP and Congress would join Keshubhai's 'parivartan team' and formally associate themselves with his cause. He is expected to launch a political party soon. Those likely to join hands with Keshubhai include his old allies from the BJP, local councilors and dissidents from both the mainstream political parties.Sources said there is large-scale resentment among BJP workers on being asked to collect money for party's 'Dhansangrah' campaign. A large number of them have registered their protest and have even left the party.Leaders of Sangh Parivar affiliates like VHP, Bajarang Dal and Kisan Sangh, who have been sidelined by Modi, are also expected to make their presence felt by openly supporting Keshubhai. Sources said that they are likely to attend the event under their own organizational banner. The organizers have appealed to people from all castes and communities to attend the event. Besides Leuva Patels, they are trying to rope in leaders of Karadia Rajputs, kshatriyas, Kolis and brahmins. This is being done as a bid to makeover the image of MJP, which is primarily seen as a Leuva Patel entity.Keshubhai had earlier launched an attack on Modi from his Leuva Patel community forum. He has followed this by attending other community gatherings to consolidate his support base.At the gathering, the former chief minister is expected to harp on the pro-poor policies initiated during his tenure, several of which were later withdrawn under Modi regime. Besides Keshubhai, the other prominent faces attending the event would include former chief minister Suresh Mehta, former Union minister Kashiram Rana, Mahuva BJP legislator Dr Kanubhai Kalsaria and former Rajkot rural legislator Siddharth Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14729210", "title": "Sadananda Gowda's home town sulks after rumours of chief minister stepping down", "text": "MANGALORE: The political turmoil in the state BJP and the talks of DV Sadananda Gowda being asked to step down from the CM's post has cast a spell of gloom in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district.While BJP party workers are keeping mum, perhaps saddened by the state of affairs, the chief minister is receiving support and sympathy from unexpected quarters - The Congress and the JD(S).Peeved at the development, MB Sadashiva, district president of the Sullia unit of JD(S) and state General Secretary, says: It's very unfortunate that DV is being made to step down without any valid reason. The infighting in the BJP has left people here disgusted. We expected all round development of Sullia in particular and district in general during his term.''Sadashiva said DV, perhaps knowing his predicament, should have expedited the development work in the taluk and district. That was his mistake. How will people remember his term as CM? Even his own party workers will question him about his achievements during his term as CM,'' he noted.Sullia Congress block president Venkappa Gowda says: Though I'm from Congress, I (we) expected lot of development. He cannot say that the internal politics affected him. He should have managed. Look what former CM Yeddyurappa did to his district. We expected the same here.''As a member of his community and fraternity (advocate) we feel sorry and shocked at the way the community is muted about this development. What the BJP MLA, MLC and MPs from here are doing, There is not even a semblance of protest or angst at this development,'' he observed.This was the last chance the district could have seen some development and we have lost a great opportunity,'' he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14730309", "title": "Man arrested for cheating case under Indian company act", "text": "MUMBAI: An ex-employee of Shapoorji Palanji from Chennai branch was arrested by the Mumbai crime branch under the Indian companies act on Friday.Jose Nedum Tatleyal Joseph (44), a resident of Andheri was arrested after the one of the Chennai Metropolitan Magistrate court issued a non-bailable warrant against Jose. According to the police, the Shapoorji Palanji company had filed a cheating case against Jose in Chennai under Indian company's act. \"Jose worked as a senior technician with the Shapoorji Palanji company in Chennai. The company had given him a official car but when he left the company he didn't return the car.'' said an officer.Acting on the warrant the Chennai police with the help of the crime branch unit 10, arrested Jose and produced him before the 37th Esplanade Metropolitan Magistrate which send him on transit remand till July 7. The Chennai Economic Offence Wing will produce him in the Chennai court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14727591", "title": "Piety, charity on Shab-e-Barat", "text": "LUDHIANA: Shab-e-Barat, considered as the night of salvation and forgiveness by Muslims was celebrated on Thursday night in Ludhiana with religious fervour and gaiety. The main function was held at Shahi Jamia Mosque in Field Gunj whereas special prayers were also offered in the other mosques of the city and at homes also. Besides Shahi Jamia Mosque in Field Gunj, Muslims offered special prayers and also recited Quran till the Fajr Prayers (pre-dawn prayers) in Rehmani Mosque Shahpur Road, Sufiyan Mosque in Sufiyan Bagh at Kidwai Nagar, Do Manzila Masjid in Maujpura Bazar and Nursery Masjid in Civil Lines.Dr Siraj-ud-din Bali, a bone specialist of Indra Nagar, said, \"Since it's the night of forgiveness and salvation we offered special prayers after the night prayers till the pre-dawn prayers. We prayed for peace and tranquillity in the world and in our state as well. We also offered prayers at the graves of relatives and close ones. We also offered sweet water and food at various mosques in the city.\"An engineer from Pakhowal Road Wali Muhammad says, \"We had started preparations for observing the sacred night at home including cleaning of the home and also preparing food for poor people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725539", "title": "CM emerges stronger in party", "text": "MUMBAI: The chargesheet in the Adarsh case might have caused further embarrassment for the Congress party, but it will, according to many, help Prithviraj Chavan keep the chief minister's post for longer than expected.Ever since the CBI probe into the Adarsh scam started in 2010, supporters of Ashok Chavan scarcely expected him to be named in the First Information Report. Their surprise was, therefore, magnified when the former CM was not just named in the FIR but also chargesheeted. \"We though that Ashok Chavan was on a comeback trail. But there is little scope now for him to return to power. He will have to wait till the outcome of the litigation,\" a supporter of the former chief minister admitted.A senior Congress minister said: \"From the recent developments in the Adarsh scam, it appears that Prithviraj Chavan will lead the state in the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly elections. Those who were aspiring to replace him will have no option but to work under his leadership.\"Many in the Congress circles believed that when Prithviraj Chavan replaced Ashok Chavan, it would be a temporary arrangement. Sooner or later, they felt, he would be replaced either by Vilasrao Deshmukh or Sushilkumar Shinde or Narayan Rane . The same people now doubt that Prithviraj will be replaced any time soon.\"We don't know whether Deshmukh or Shinde have been given a clean chit. But the fact remains that the CBI has submitted an affidavit before the Bombay high court, stating that it was probing charges against them levelled by a social worker,\" he said. A Congress party minister said there was no scope for Ashok Chavan, Deshmukh, Shinde or Rane to take over the reins of the state government since the high command is in no mood to disturb Prithviraj, particularly in view of his clean image.BJP protests CBI officer's transferThe BJP's state unit has demanded that CBI joint director Rishi Raj Singh's transfer be put on hold. The leader of the Opposition in the legislative council, Vinod Tawde, put forth the demand in a letter to the Prime Minister and Union home minister. Singh, who was heading the Adarsh probe, was transferred a day after the CBI filed a chargesheet in the housing scam, in which it named ex-CM Ashok Chavan and 12 others. The CBI called Singh's transfer routine. On Friday, IPS officer Keshav Kumar took charge of CBI's anti-corruption bureau, while Singh took charge of the economic offences wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14729790", "title": "PETA intervenes in PIL against Victoria horse carriages", "text": "MUMBAI: Adding strength to the ongoing public interest litigation filed by the Animals and Birds Charitable Trust, an intervention application by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India was accepted by the Bombay High Court.PETA has in recent years gathered substantial evidence of cruelty to horses used for Victoria horse carriages in Mumbai as well as the traffic risk that they pose to citizens. Several of the group's celebrity supporters, including Hema Malini , John Abraham and Jacqueline Fernandez have also backed its call for a ban on the Victorias.Meanwhile, the high court had in its latest hearing asked the state authority to find out if alternative jobs can be given to the horse handlers in places such as the race course, while delving on the plea of the petitioners to ban the Victorias.Forcing horses to haul tourists in carriages through congested traffic is already banned in Delhi, Paris, London, Toronto, Beijing and other cities,'' said PETA India Director of Veterinary Affairs, Dr Manilal Valliyate.Most tourists despise the cruelty to horses, and locals prefer forms of entertainment that do not harm animals. A ban on Victorias is necessary and inevitable,'' he added.PETA decided to intervene in the wake of growing concerns from compassionate citizens regarding accidents in which horses have collapsed and even died. A carriage horse was critically injured after he collapsed because of exhaustion at Gateway of India on July 3, 2012. Another horse died immediately after being hit by a taxi in front of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus on July1, 2012. Another carriage horse collapsed at Kala Ghoda on May 2, 2011, and The Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals rescued the animal.On September 8, 2011, a horse pulling a carriage collapsed from exhaustion and was unable to stand for 20 minutes. Also, on November 14, 2011, another horse pulling nine riders on a Victoria cart had collapsed at the Gateway of India.The group intends to point out in court that the Municipal Corporation of Delhi already made the landmark decision to ban tonga horses in the city in 2009 and recently scrapped a proposal to use ceremonial horse carriages for tourist rides.Horses used to pull carriages are typically fed unwholesome food and given dirty drinking water - when any food or water is given to them at all. They are made to live in filthy, damp stables amidst their own faeces and urine and often left to stand without any shade. Horses are forced to carry heavy loads through crowded streets and sweltering heat. Pushed past the point of exhaustion, they often collapse when they are too worn out to continue and are repeatedly whipped in an effort to get them back on their feet.Many horses suffer from untreated injuries, and most will never see a veterinarian in their entire lifetime. Horses used to pull carriages are also often kept illegally, without a valid license. Regulations pertaining to animals forced to work are almost never enforced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725938", "title": "Drunk pilot ducks alcohol test, gets on flight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inebriated pilots have often been known to flee airports on learning that medical teams are conducting breathalyzer (BA) tests on crew before letting them operate flights to avoid getting caught. But a senior Air India (domestic) commander recently dodged the tests; went to the aircraft to operate his flight on an ultra sensitive sector by seeking clearance from air traffic control (ATC).The ATC had by then been alerted about the commander's misadventure and refused to clear that flight for takeoff. The pilot was offloaded from the cockpit of his Airbus A-320 and made to undergo the BA tests which found him to be high. AI has suspended the pilot for knowingly trying to endanger lives of passengers by flying in an inebriated condition and sent his report to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) for action, which is now likely to be suspension or cancellation of his flying licence.This first-of-its-kind episode happened on Tuesday morning when the captain went to Delhi's terminal 3 to operate AI 821 on the highly sensitive Delhi-Jammu-Srinagar-Jammu-Delhi flight.According to new DGCA norms, he went to the pre-flight medical check (PFMC) area; just signed the logbook there and then went to the aircraft he was to operate without undergoing the BA Test.Sources said the doctors doing the tests called out for the captain to blow in the machine. Other crew members there told the medicos that the pilot was reeking of liquor.The doctors, in turn, informed AI operations team.\"In the meanwhile, the pilot sought clearance from the ATC to operate the flight. By then flight operations had asked ATC not to clear the flight because of the pilot running away from BA test. The pilot was refused takeoff clearance and summoned from the cockpit to the PFMC area. He was subjected to the tests twice and failed both times,\" said a source.An airline spokesman said the pilot has been grounded and an inquiry is on against him. The airline is also learnt to have suspended him for going to the cockpit to operate the flight in an inebriated state and endangering lives of several passengers.When contacted, DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan said: \"We are going to take very strict action against the pilot. He tried to operate a flight after dodging BA tests and had to be called by the ATC. This episode also shows crew members have realized that it is not possible for a person who had alcohol before operating a flight to clear the alco sensor-IV machine which is now used to conduct BA tests.\"Bhushan had introduced this system after discovering a fatal flaw in the older testing mechanism: Tipsy crew members simply needed to hold their breath and as no trace of alcohol would go into the system, the machine would pronounce them sober and fit for flying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725860", "title": "Israeli diplomat attack: Syed Mohammad Kazmi in custody till July 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: The judicial remand of journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in a terror attack on an Israeli diplomat, was extended by 14 days on Friday.The chief metropolitan magistrate extended Kazmi's custody till July 20 after Delhi high court asked the CMM's court to handle cases under the anti-terror law. Despite the HC direction to the CMM earlier during the day, Kazmi was first produced before additional sessions judge (ASJ) Pawan Kumar Jain.ASJ Surinder Rathi had on June 8 questioned the magisterial court's power to deal with cases under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. Kazmi had gone to his court challenging the CMM's June 2 order, which had extended the probe period of the case by another 90 days after the scribe had already spent 90 days in custody.As soon as ASJ Jain began the proceedings, the counsel for the special cell apprised him of a note written by Delhi government's standing counsel Pawan Sharma. The note said HC had expressed its \"displeasure\" at the non-compliance of its July 2 order, which had stayed ASJ Rathi's order. ASJ Jain had extended Kazmi's remand only by three days on July 3 despite HC's stay. ASJ Jain, while referring to Sharma's note, transmitted the matter to the court of district and sessions judge Sunita Gupta. District judge Gupta subsequently sent the case \"back to the CMM for proceeding with the matter\". HC on Friday cleared the air by directing the CMM to deal with terror-related cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725999", "title": "20,000 model facilities identified to promote safe abortion practices", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is going all out to publicize safe abortion practices.For the first time, the Union health ministry has asked states to conduct a massive campaign popularizing safe abortion, besides informing women that the confidentiality clause will keep their identity secret.The ministry has also identified 20,000 model health facilities across the country that will now be open for abortion service round the clock.The National Rural Health Mission's (NRHM) Programme Implementation Plan (PIP) for 2012-13 of all states mentions the push required for first trimester safe abortion service.The fund allocation of states will be cut, if such service isn't doled out free to all women.NRHM mission director Anuradha Gupta told TOI that 8% of all maternal deaths are due to unsafe abortion.India recorded 6.5 million abortions (of the total 10.5 million abortions in the south and central Asia region) in 2008 of which 66% were deemed unsafe.The Guttmacher Institute recently said unsafe abortion has become rampant in India, with the region recording 200 deaths for every one lakh abortions.Gupta said the ministry has sent guidelines on comprehensive abortion care to all the states which includes directions on how to counsel women before and after conducting an abortion.\"India has 1.75 lakh health facilities of which 20,000 are performing really well as far as making available the bouquet of maternal health services is concerned. We have mapped these facilities by name and have made them single-window delivery points. Now, they will provide abortion service 24x7,\" Gupta told TOI.She added, \"Doctors in these 20,000 facilities will be trained to conduct safe abortion and will be stocked with drugs and equipment needed to deal with unintended facilities. States have also been asked to carry out a massive publicity drive to inform women that abortion is legal in India.\"Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said that \"safe abortion care has also been made an integral part of ASHA's orientation and training in order to equip them with the skills to create awareness on abortion issues in the women and the community and facilitate them in accessing services for safe abortion care.\"Dr Gilda Sedgh from the Guttmacher Institute told TOI \"Abortion is legal in India and the service is much safer that many other developing countries. But for some reason, women choosing to abort are not taking advantage of this liberal law. They are also getting abortion done in unsafe clinics. That's why a good measure of abortions in India are unsafe\"\"There is a tremendous need for the country's family planning programme to spread awareness for safe abortion and also push for increased use of contraception and use of safe abortion services,\" she added. Dr Sedgh said 13% of all maternal deaths in the south and central Asia region is due to unsafe abortion.Unsafe abortion is defined by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a procedure for terminating a pregnancy that is performed by an individual lacking the necessary skills or in an environment that does not conform to minimal medical standards, or both.The health ministry data suggests that the number of induced abortions has started to dip in India. However, in absolute numbers, India in 2008 saw 6.41 lakh abortions across 12510 institutions, approved to carry out Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP).In 2009, the Family Welfare Statistics in India recorded 7.25 lakh MTPs in 2005, 7.21 lakh in 2006 and 6.82 lakh in 2007.Going by the 2008 figures, Uttar Pradesh recorded the highest number of MTPs at 89,194, followed by Tamil Nadu (63,875), Odisha (59,945), Assam (58,409) and Maharashtra (54,545). The other states with high abortion numbers include West Bengal (46,753), Haryana (31,126), Delhi (30,846), Rajasthan (29,292), Gujarat (27,837) and Bihar (24,149). The states with the lowest abortion figures are Daman and Diu (42) and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands (94) and Goa (930).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14725666", "title": "Man beaten &amp; left for dead, survives", "text": "KALYAN: A 29-year-old man was allegedly kidnapped and badly beaten up over a property dispute in Kalyan on Wednesday. Yogesh Patil, a resident of Beturkarpada area in Kalyan, was on his way back from work in Mumbai in the evening when he was attacked.Yogesh reached Kalyan station at around 7.30pm and took an auto home, but as he neared his house he was allegedly kidnapped by armed men in two autos. In his complaint, Yogesh claimed he was taken by his abductors to Rayta village on Murbad road. There, his uncle Sakharam Patil, cousin Neelam and relative Alka, who were waiting in a car, asked the abductors to kill him. The men allegedly beat him with sticks and dumped him in a semi-conscious state into the river. But he was spotted by an old woman who, with help from passersby, rushed him to Omkar hospital in Kalyan. \"I was lucky not to drown and was rescued in minutes,\" Yogesh told TOI. Dr Avinash Chatap, who treated him, said, \"He has multiple fractures all over.\"Cops from Mahatma Phule police station said Yogesh's parents, who live in Bhiwandi taluka's Chaudhary pada area, had an old property dispute with his uncle Sakharam. This May, the families fought again and seven of Sakharam's family were arrested, including his sons. Police suspected Sakharam may have plotted to kill Yogesh to avenge the arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727326", "title": "Future of first citizens tense", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will the mayors hold their office only for a month? Apprehension came to haunt the mayoral candidates on Friday, a day before the commencement of counting of votes for local bodies' election. The state election commission sounded a rider that the election results will be subjected to Supreme Court's order on reservation of mayoral seats.The apex court is set to hear the case on August 6, when it will be decided, if reservation of mayoral seats were done according to the norms. On June 11, the Supreme Court started its hearing into a special leave petition (Rakesh Gautam vs State of Uttar Pradesh) that challenged the existing reservation order of mayoral seats. The development came a fortnight after the state government and the State Election Commission issued a notification to conduct the local bodies' elections on May 25.Now, with the state election commission clarifying that the results will be subjected to SC order has put the fate of nearly 200 candidates contesting mayoral elections in doldrums.BJP's mayoral candidate from Lucknow, Dinesh Sharma, cast his aspersions on the way, the overall process has gone about. He said, \"We have to honour the apex court's verdict. But, things could have been much smooth and clear.\"Officials at the state election commission confirmed that the overall process appears to have got entangled into a legal mesh. \"We are keeping our fingers crossed for August 6, when SC takes up the case. It may give a judgment or fix the next date,\" said a senior official in the state election commission. The officials do not rule out the possibility of a re-election, right from the scratch, in case SC gives an adverse order.Sources, at the same time, cite previous instances when affected parties or candidates had either filed a review petition. \"It would not be as easy a game as it appears,\" said a mayoral candidate who did not wish to be identified. In any case, the contest for mayoral seats appears to have hit a legal maze.The local bodies' elections, in fact, have been passing through a turbulent time from the time when it was supposed to have been held constitutionally i.e. November 2011. But, with the BSP government led by Mayawati not taking any chances in the wake of assembly elections, the local bodies' elections were delayed citing one or the other reason. It was another aspect that though BSP first refused to contest the elections and then allowed contesting candidates to show their affiliationsto the party.The move succeeded the BSP government's notification of a reservation order for mayoral seats, which was thrown out by the Samajwadi Party which stormed to power in March. The fresh reservation system for mayoral seats was inked by the new state government, which has been challenged in the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14726450", "title": "Minister assures tribals their rights would be protected", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a major climb down from its earlier stand that all tribal hamlets within the Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary need to be relocated to make way for an exclusive tiger reserve, state forest department on Friday clarified that the tiger reserve would be established without disturbing the traditional forest dwellers of the old Veerappan lair.Forest Minister K T Pachamal himself visited Hassanur and Thalavady under Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary and promised tribal residents that they would not be relocated. \"The tiger reserve at Sathyamangalam will be different from the other reserves in the state. There will be no forced eviction or relocation. People can move out voluntarily if they wish. If anyone approaches the department expressing a desire to relocate, they would be properly compensated with land and means for a livelihood,'' he said.Referring to the existing undeclared ban on tribals from collecting minor forest produce, the minister said he would take steps to allow them to collect the produce including gooseberry and honey. He also promised that the AIADMK government would not initiate any measures that will impinge on the rights of tribals in Sathyamangalam.A large number of tribals had assembled at Hassanur to apprise the minister about the discrimination they face at the hand of forest officials. Though there is no official word on the tiger reserve, the forest dwellers are being prevented from collecting firewood and minor forest produce, they said. Locals also pleaded with the minister to ensure that forest officials do not treat adivasis as enemies of the forest, denying them of their livelihood. The minister told the gathering that he would find a solution to the issue within the ambit of Wildlife (Protection) Amendment Act 2006.The Act, according to the minister, will address the livelihood interests of residents in areas surrounding tiger reserves, and ensure that the rights of scheduled tribes and others living in neighbouring communities are not interfered with. The core (critical) and buffer (peripheral) areas have been defined while safeguarding the interests of scheduled tribes and other forest dwellers, he said.Meanwhile, Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram said that the massive tribal protest planned for Monday against the tiger reserve would be held as scheduled despite assurances given by the minister. We welcome the government's shift in perspective as the tiger reserve plan was mooted by the previous DMK government. However, there is need for more clarity in the government's stand especially in deciding core areas and buffer zones. The capability of the state to fight the central government's directives on the tiger reserve must also be ascertained,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725785", "title": "Film producers' meet today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cracks in the Telugu film industry are widening with several small-budget film producers meeting on Saturday to protest the monopoly of some individuals in the film industry that is affecting the industry on a whole.The meeting of the 'Telugu Chalanachitra Parirakshana Samithi' will be held, not at the A P Film Chamber of Commerce at Filmnagar, but at the Asian Timber Estate at Kukatpally. The chairman, producer Chadalavada Srinivas Rao, said the Telugu film industry has to be rescued from the grip of \"friends and partners\" who were holding the entire industry to ransom. He stated that this 'group' controlled theatres state-wide and the present situation is such that no film can be released without their permission.Srinivas Rao said more than 600 small-budget films made in the last four years with a budget of Rs 1.5crore to Rs 3 crore could not be released because of the monopoly of the 'group' over theatres. This means that films made with a total investment of at least Rs 1,000 crore are left unreleased.In general, if the theatre rent costs Rs 70,000 per week called by the owner, the lease holder who has control of the theatre was demanding Rs 2 lakh - Rs 3 lakh per week. Due to the rents being quoted too high, the producer has no choice but to back out from releasing the movie. Another issue was that even if the small producers are willing to shell out, they are not being allotted theatres of their choice where the audience would be interested to come and watch the movie.\"The problem is severe. In the meeting on Saturday, we will discuss what course of action these small film producers will have to take to rid the industry of the problem,\" Chadalavada Srinivas Rao said.Asked why the meeting was not being held at the A P Film Chamber of Commerce, he said they did not get the permission to organise it at the film chamber as it was a known fact that the meeting was being organised to allow small film producers they express their concerns.\"Those who run the film chamber like it is their own company do not want any criticism,\" Srinivas Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "14727351", "title": "Construction of bunds opposed", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Bihar Shodh Samvad president and Bagmati Bachao leader Anil Prakash and BRA Bihar University's head of the department of economics Krishna Mohan Prasad on Friday jointly demanded from the government to stop further construction of embankment on Bagmati river and also dismantle all those built so far in a scientific manner as the embankments have only ruined the socio-economic structure of north Bihar region.Talking to newsmen here, they said they are holding a seminar on river water management in the post-graduate department of economics to review the profits and pitfalls of the embankments. Experts like Manas Bihari Verma, Gopalji Trivedi, Ramchandra Khan and Rajiv Sinha, who have collected data on the matter, will also attend the seminar.Prakash and Prasad made a fervent appeal to the government to re-evaluate the loss and achievements of having embankments. To them, embankments have simply accentuated the flood problem instead of controlling it. Irrigation of fields have remained a far cry because of the dry canals during lean season, whereas flash floods created by frequent breaches in the canals and embankments have unleashed massive human miseries year after year.Anil Prakash claimed the Bagmati has breached its embankments 58 times since the inception of Bagmati project in 1950. Every year, at least 50 to 100 villages are inundated due to breachg in bandh at one or the other spot spread over Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Sheohar, Darbhanga and Samastipur districts of north Bihar region.Social activist Harendra Kumar of Bagmati Bachao Andolan said Bagmati has converted a large number of villages of Aurai and Katra block areas into 'Kala Pani' as the year-long stagnant water of the Bagmati in some pockets has developed such wild weeds which are poisonous for the cattle. Anil Prakash and Harendra Kumar claimed the villagers displaced by embankments have not been rehabilitated anywhere outside the embankments even after 62 years and, as a result, the villagers have been forced to live inside the two embankments to spend four months under open sky during the rainy season.While whole-heartedly supporting the cause of Bagmati Bachao Andolan, the BRABU HoD, Krishna Mohan Prasad announced to form students force to help the social activists in stopping further construction of embankment and demanded the government should constitute an experts committee soon to review the need of embankments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725621", "title": "Rajini gets nod for Bonalu processions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Decks have been cleared for participation of elephant Rajini in Bonalu festivities. The state forest department has issued formal orders allowing the use of the Nehru Zoological Park elephant on payment of certain charges. With this, the processions of the presiding deity atop Rajini will be taken out from Ujjaini Mahankali temple, Secunderabad, on July 9, Nalla Pochamma temple, Karwan, July 15, and Akkanna Madanna Mahankali temple, Shah Ali Banda on July 16.The zoo park authorities said that as per rules,the temple authorities have to pay Rs 3000 for hiring the animal for the first three hours and Rs 500 per hour thereafter. The government has asked the organizers to deposit Rs 3000 towards security deposit. Zoo park curator in-charge A Shankaran said that the forest department had issued orders allowing Rajini's participation for this time alone. The organizers have to seek permission again for next season of festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14727759", "title": "Economic offences wing to probe school 'scam'", "text": "MALEGAON: The Bombay high court recently rejected the anticipatory bail plea of an accused in a case related to the alleged misuse of mid-day meal scheme funds amounting to Rs 30 lakh. The case has also been handed over to the economic offences wing (EOW) in Nashik on technical grounds for further investigation.\"Going by the rules, we are not allowed to investigate any case where the amount involved is more than Rs 25 lakh. Hence, we are officially handing over the case to the economic offence wing,\" investigating officer K B Khedkar said. The administrative officer of the Malegaon School Board, Ramesh G Hire, on April 30 had lodged a complaint at the Qilla police station against Sagheer Ahmed (59), a retired headmaster and ex-coordinator of the mid-day meal scheme, accusing him of hiding the presence of Rs 23.25 lakh. While the investigation in the case was on and the accused was evading arrest by filing anticipatory bail pleas in the Bombay high court, Hire on June 16 filed yet another complaint against the accused, this time of fraud amounting to Rs 9,65,000.In his complaint, Hire said that he had issued three cheques of Rs 39 lakhs, Rs 25 lakhs and Rs 7,86,000 lakh to Sagheer, the coordinator of the mid-day meal scheme, for distribution to the respective schools against their dues. The schools however approached the school board complaining that they had not received any payment. This, despite records showing that the said amount was withdrawn from the school board bank account. \"Conversations with the bank turned out to be shocking. Though over 50% of the total Rs 71.86 was distributed to the schools, there was absolutely no record of Rs 32.99 lakh. It was also found that huge amounts were withdrawn,\" Hire said.If the investigating officers are to be believed there is a lot more in the case than meets the eye. \"While investigating the case we found that the cheques issued by the school board have signatures of two Administrative Officers. Moreover, for the third the rubber-stamp seal used is of the school board chairman whereas the signature is of the vice-chairman. It is literally surprising how the bank cleared the cheques\", said the officer who did not wish to be named.The officer said that during the probe they also came across a letter written to the Director of Education, Mumbai by the Dy. Director requesting a probe against Hire for misusing the funds. He also said that Sagheer showed them a voucher showing he had given Rs. 23.25 lakh in cash to the administrative officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726797", "title": "Calcutta University to charge Rs 500 to reassess answer scripts", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta University's students who seek a reassessment of their answer scripts will henceforth have to pay Rs 500 for each script checked, though the Right to Information (RTI) Act states that not more than Rs 10 should be charged for it.Controller of examinations Onkar Sadhan Adhikari, however, justified the new rule that applies to all undergraduate and postgraduate students. \"The decision to charge students Rs 500 is not in violation of the RTI Act which is supreme,\" he said. The university will also hand over a photocopy of the assessed answer scripts to the examinees.To defend his claim, Adhikari quoted from Section VII of the RTI Act where it is stated: \"Where a decision is taken to provide the information on payment of any further fee representing the cost of providing the information, the Central Public Information Officer or State Public Information Officer, as the case may be, shall send an intimation to the person making the request, giving \u2014 (a) the details of further fees representing the cost of providing the information as determined by him, together with the calculations made to arrive at the amount in accordance with fee prescribed under sub-section (1), requesting him to deposit that fees, and the period intervening between the despatch of the said intimation and payment of fees shall be excluded for the purpose of calculating the period of thirty days referred to in that sub-section; (b) information concerning his or her right with respect to review the decision as to the amount of fees charged or the form of access provided, including the particulars of the appellate authority, time limit, process and any other forms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14727108", "title": "CMO\u2019s boss for 6 years losing hold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is Gujarat's most powerful babu losing clout? Principal secretary to chief minister Narendra Modi , K Kailashnathan, popularly called KK, is not going to the United Kingdom to campaign for Vibrant Gujarat 2013.KK's trip to the UK, Belgium and the Netherlands for Vibrant Gujarat road shows has been suddenly cancelled. KK was to fly in September to campaign for Gujarat's 6th biennial investment summit and also meet his daughter who is settled in London.The backbone of the chief minister's office (CMO) for the last six years or so, he has been dropped from the list of bureaucrats picked to hard-sell Vibrant Gujarat abroad.In his place, Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd MD S Jagadeesan, who had earlier served in the London Embassy, will be going to the three countries.Gujarat's babudom has been abuzz about KK's waning clout over the last few weeks after Modi, who communicates with officers through him, started approaching bureaucrats directly. While KK's dominating ways had not gone down well with most senior officers, Modi is said to be upset with his growing proximity with some senior Congress leaders.His 'mango diplomacy' to please Congressmen, using a scribe who owns a huge 'kesar' orchard in Junagadh, had particularly upset Modi.KK is set to retire in May 2013 and was trying to cultivate the opposition, lest the Congress comes to power in the state and ruin his retirement plans. Gujarat's elections are due in December 2012.KK's promotion as additional chief secretary (ACS) is also in limbo though the proposal was cleared in March. For someone who clears all important files by the minute, KK's promotion file is lying on Modi desk for three months now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725296", "title": "Portion of ceiling in Bombay high court gives way", "text": "MUMBAI: A small portion of the ceiling on the second floor of the Bombay high court gave way during court hours on Friday. However, no one was injured.Wooden planks between three wooden rafters along with concrete and metal fell on the passage outside Room 47 around 12.20pm. Deputy chief fire officer RS Rahangdale, who was waiting in the passage for the hearing of a case, quickly cordoned off the area and summoned firemen. He told TOI that a woman's scream on seeing the falling concrete alerted others who rushed to safety. \"It happened in my presence. Luckily, no one was injured despite it being a crowded passageway,'' said Rahangdale.He said he has directed the public works department to prop the ceiling using plywood. \"I have asked them to continuously prop and ply the entire section because it appears weak and dangerous,'' added Rahangdale.A press note sent by the registrar-general's office confirmed the incident, adding that heritage conservation work is on in the building since nine months. \"As a part of it, a major portion of the high court building has been strengthened by replacing old wooden rafters, planks and lime mortar with new rafters, planks and, mass cement concrete,'' it stated, adding that PWD engineers have commenced repairs to the damaged portion of the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726202", "title": "Centre: Consult us before removing mining dumps", "text": "PANAJI: The state's plans to allow handling of dumps in its draft mining policy has run into rough weather, with the Union ministry of mines directing the Goa government not to finalize the policy without first consulting it.Mandating environmental clearance, the ministry has also stressed that the sale of the dumps' contents should be charged royalty. To undertake the latter it has emphasized the need for exact quantification of grade and quantity of ore and geo-referencing of the dumps in respect to the mine owners of the dumps before any exercise is commenced to allow dump removal.When questioned on the issue, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said vaguely, \"Who issues environmental clearances? It is not in our purview.\"Anil Subramaniam, under secretary, Union ministry of mines, in a letter to R K Verma, principal secretary, mines, government of Goa, has stated: \"I am directed to state that in order to ensure that the measures are properly structured in the draft dump removal policy of the state government of Goa, it is requested that the draft policy may be consulted with the Union ministry of mines before any action is taken to notify the same.\"He has added that in case of clarifications, the ministry is agreeable for a meeting with the state government at an early date.But in what appears will be another confrontation with the Centre, the chief minister wants a strongly-worded reply sent to the ministry of mines. It is learned that Parrikar wants to highlight that the state is within its ambit to frame a policy on handling of mining dumps. The state government had said earlier that the draft mining policy would be declared by July 15 and would be thrown open for public comments before it is finalized in August 2012.In the ministry's letter dated July 2, Subramaniam states that notwithstanding the opinion of Goa's advocate general that removal of dumps does not require environmental clearance, \"the ministry is of the opinion that since the dumps are a result of mining operations and that dump handling involves impact on environment, appropriate environmental clearance and other clearances, as part of the clearance of mining operations of the identified owner of the dumps, should be a pre-requisite\".He further points out that Rule 45 of the Mineral Conservation and Development Rules, 1988, provides for compulsory registration of all mining lease holders, traders, stockists, exporters and end-users and reporting on monthly and annual basis of all the mineral transaction to the Indian Bureau of Mines and the state government. \"Considering this mandatory requirement, no dump removal should be permitted unless these activities are captured and are in compliance with Rule 45 of the MCDR, 1988,\" states the letter.It also points out that Rule 64 C of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, provides that in case dumped tailings or rejects of minerals are used for sale or consumption at any later date, after the date of such dumping, such tailings or rejects should be charged royalty.\"Considering the fact that the iron ore mining industry in Goa, in the past, due to non-useable nature of low-grade ore had resorted to dumping of low-grade ore as dumps, and such grades are now marketable due to availability of technology for using low-grade ore, there is an imminent need to ensure that appropriate systems are in place to ensure that there is no royalty leakages,\" states the letter.Subramaniam has stated that in order to do so there is a need for exact quantification of grade and quantity of ore and geo-referencing of the dumps in respect to the mine owners of the dumps before any exercise is commenced to allow dump removal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732305", "title": "Rana\u2019s KVJ progressing in Kerala", "text": "Daggubati Rana and Nayanatara- starrer Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is currently progressing briskly in Kerala. Director Radhakrisha (Krish) is filming action scenes on Rana at Palakkad and this short schedule is expected to be wrapped up in the next few days.Sources say that the Rana will be seen in the role of a B.Tech Babu and Nayanthara will be playing the role of a journalist (documentary director). It was also reported that Rana has toned up his body and has built up muscles to suit his character. What's more Rana will also be shown in Lord Narasimha Swamy avatar in a song.Mani Sharma is composing the music for this film, which is produced by Jagarlamudi Sai Babu under First Frame Entertainments banner. This mass entertainer is excepted hit the screens in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727353", "title": "Lack of pools keeps health freaks away from swimming", "text": "MYSORE: Lack of adequate numbers of swimming pools in the city is keeping a large number of health-conscious Mysoreans from swimming their way to health. Around 10 lakh people in the city depend on a single pool, attached to the University of Mysore in Saraswathipuram. And though there is a rising demand, not everyone can be catered to.There are private pools in city as well, which only take limited registered members.Karnataka Sports, Special Olympic director and a swimming coach S Sundaresh told TOI: \"Swimming has a growing demand among fitness freaks and those preparing for competitions but sadly there are not many pools to meet the demands of the enthusiasts.\"Not only youngsters, even senior citizens and women above 35 years are opting for swimming for fitness. Five years ago, there would hardly be a dozen members in each batch but now the number has increased to 100 per batch, he claimed. In order to meet the demand, they require three more swimming pools.Moreover, imparting training is also difficult due to lack of adequate number of pools. At least six hours of training is required, three hours each, morning and evening, he said. \"Mysore can produce good swimmers if given better infrastructure,\" Sundaresh said.M P Nabiraj, a swimming coach for the past three decades said: \"More than 600 people come for swimming everyday to the university pool and it doubles during summer. However, a single pool cannot accommodate such a large number. We have requested government to provide more swimming pools to the city.\"Mysore has produced state and national-level swimmers and one can get seats in professional courses through the sports quota, he said, adding that a request has been made to the city mayor to reconstruct Bahusar pool, which was closed down few years ago.Swimming competitionIn order promote swimming in Mysore, Association of Integrated Mysore Swimmers and Mysore heritage round table-109 are conducting a district-level swimming championship-2012 at UoM swimming pool in Saraswathipuram on July 8 (Sunday). The competition will be held in categories - schoolchildren, youths and senior citizen. Freestyle, back stroke, breast stroke and butterfly stroke will be conducted. 9845477929.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730721", "title": "Jayati Bhatia\u2019s in a stinging mood on Jhalak!", "text": "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV has come up with an in interesting theme this weekend! The 12 contestants' challenge this week is to perform on the 12 rashis of the horoscope.And versatile actress and talented dancer Jayati Bhatia will represent the Vrushik rashi or Scorpio. Jayati Bhatia has brought different styles to the stage every single time. And taking the theme literally, Jayati along with choreographer Diwakar will perform to the song Bichuaa in a classic Odissi style.A trained Odissi dancer, Jayati has learnt the style for 17 years and is sure it will help her in her performance this week. \"I haven't danced this style in the longest time but I have to perform well since my guru will be watching this act,\" she said. Further adding, \"Like every Bengali child, I too learnt Odissi and was initiated into the dance form at the age of seven. My movements have been graceful thanks to it and my legs are always bent. The training has really helped me and I see this is a plus point\".Dressed in the authentic Odissi attire, with the ghungru on her feet and the alta on her hands and wearing a head piece, Jayati on her part is sure to convince the judges in a dance style she's confident with. Wishing her all the luck!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14727671", "title": "Government to turn heat on self-fin colleges", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After the Kerala high court recently came down heavily on self-financing engineering colleges, the state government appears to have finally woken up to the magnitude of the issue and decided to act. A meeting of the education department will be held on Saturday to discuss threadbare concerns raised by the court, and to think of solutions.\"Strengthening of faculty and improving the facilities of colleges would be two immediate steps the government would be compelling college managements to take,'' education minister P K Abdu Rabb told TOI.Though determined to rectify the situation, the government currently deems it wise to act in phases and to focus on practical, rather than sweeping, solutions.Two specific steps the government is considering are to have exhaustive discussions with managements of concerned colleges and, second, to start winding up departments that are worst hit in terms of facilities and faculty.\"Colleges cannot be shut down all of a sudden, as we will have to work out a solution regarding the future of students studying there. We will have to initiate steps like reviewing the results and talk with the concerned managements on the matter,'' said director of technical education, J Letha.The high court had made scathing remarks on the quality of education in most self-financing engineering colleges in the state and recommended that those institutions with a pass percentage below 40 should be derecognised.The court based its observations on the findings of the expert committee headed by Dr N Vijayakumar appointed by the government. The committee had exposed the poor infrastructure facilities and lack of expertise among faculties in most of these colleges.Minister Rabb revealed that the government would try and give the colleges some time for improving conditions. \"Further action will be decided after that,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14731724", "title": "Central Vigilance Commission seeks report from CBI on info leak in Jagan Reddy case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Vigilance Commission has sought a report from the CBI on alleged \"leakage\" of information related to the ongoing investigations in the disproportionate assets case against Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy.\"Some people from AP have met me complaining that there has been a leakage of certain investigation. So we have called for a report from the CBI on this. We want to get a feedback from them before taking a final view on it,\" Chief Vigilance Commissioner Pradeep Kumar told reporters here today.Jagan's mother and MLA Y S Vijaya had met the CVC in New Delhi two days ago and lodged a complaint against the CBI Joint Director, alleging that he was leaking information related to the investigation to a section of the media.When asked about Vijaya's complaint, the CVC, who was here to attend the 9th anniversary celebrations of Vigilance Study Circle, said a report has been sought from the CBI.The top anti-corruption watchdog stressed the need for greater focus on the \"supply side\" in corrupt deals.\"When somebody does give bribe and there is a favour given, each is a complement of the other. When you are talking about supply side corruption, somebody wants a favour in the form of licenses, leasing rights, so many other things...they give money to get a quid pro quo. It forms part of corruption.\"For the past five decades, our anti-corruption efforts have largely focused on the demand side corruption... the public servant who receives or solicits bribe. With a liberalised economy and changing dynamics between public and private sector, there is a need to focus on the supply side of corruption...offering of bribe. Various regulatory changes in this direction are being contemplated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725461", "title": "Autorickshaw refusals soar as rains hit Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The city has just started receiving the first monsoon showers, but this has been enough to create a spike in refusals and a shortage of autorickshaws in the suburbs. As a result, angry commuters and activists are not ready to tolerate a fare hike of even a single paisa.TOI has received complaints from several parts of Mumbai, especially Andheri, Borivli, Goregaon, Kandivli, Jogeshwari, Kurla, Chembur and Mulund, where auto drivers have been refusing scores of passengers, leaving them stranded in the rain. Women and senior citizens are the worst hit.\"It is usually difficult to get an auto during the monsoon. This is very frustrating; passengers are completely dependant on three-wheelers to ferry them home during heavy rains,\" said activist Sunil Mone, demanding that RTO officials and traffic police personnel should be out on the road (specially outside railway stations) in large numbers for the next three months. Another activist, Shirish Deshpande, said auto drivers did not deserve a hike of a single paisa as refusals were rampant outside railway stations.While it rained this week, long queues formed at auto stands outside Mulund, Goregaon, Bhandup, Kurla and Andheri stations, with many preferring to walk back home, sometimes as far as 3km. At some places, commuters were seen running after autos. \"This has become routine. The way these drivers behave is disgusting,\" said Surinder Khanna, a commuter. Another passenger, Surekha Wagh, also a senior citizen, said, \"I keep shouting for autos and the drivers give me a blank look before scooting away. They have been given badges and permits with the condition that they will offer public service. But this never happens. Even the unions do not take the drivers to task.\"Auto union leader Shashank Rao said that some refusals were for genuine reasons, such as CNG filling. \"There is a need for more autos in the suburbs, as there is an acute shortage of three-wheelers. The government should issue more permits. This will also solve the refusal problem.\"RTO will file FIRs on e-meter tamperingThe Andheri and Wadala RTOs will launch a massive drive on Monday to nab autorickshaws fitted with \"tampered\" electronic meters. There are standing instructions to RTO officials to register a police complaint against every auto driver caught for rigging e-meters. In the past, drivers were merely fined and let off with a warning. An RTO official from Andheri said, \"Our squads will randomly check autos fitted with e-meters and check whether the seals are broken or any external devices attached to manipulate readings.\" An officer from the Wadala RTO said, \"Senior officials have issued directives to all RTOs that even if there is an attempt to tamper e-meters, a police case should be made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "14727311", "title": "Deficit rain in Malnad forces farmers to pray for showers", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Due to lack of monsoons, a common scene in Malnad at this time of the year, little drizzle have become a cause of concern for the people .Major rivers of the district, Tunga and Bhadra which should have been in spate or with abundant flow due to heavy rains, is offlate flowing in a irregular manner. Now people have started praying to gods and as a first step Parjanya Japa (prayer meditation for rain) will be conducted at Annapoorneshwari temple at Horanadu in Kalas in the foothills of Kudremukh.Speaking to TOI, temple chief, Bheemashwara Joshi, said in a long time it is the first instance the area is witnessing hard times. Joshi said in the month of Ashada Malnad should be drenched with incessant rain. Last year, the area had received more than 60-70 inches of rain and this year the area received just 20 inches of rain. If the situation continues, life will be jeopardized .Many parts of Malnad nursery beds which are prepared to transplant paddy has not yet taken place. With dry days, the weather has started bringing more pests to the crops. With the delay in monsoons, farmers are performing Parjanya japa and Paryana and Kalabhisheka on July 9 and 10 to appease rain gods. Similar prayers and rituals have begun at Kigga. Farmers have started thronging temples like Sharadamba temple in Sringeri, Horanadu Annapoorneshwari and Kigga temple to perform prayers.Areas such as Kerekatte in Sringeri taluk, Kammaradi and Basarikatte in Koppa taluk, Kottigehara and Kalasa in Mudigere taluk, which usually experience heavy rains, are not experiencing normal rainfall.Residents said the quantum of rain fall they have received is just 30 percent in comparison to last year. In plain parts of the district, according to agriculture department sources, farmers have lost 40 percent of the sown crop. Crops like sesame, sunflower, pulses like Avare (field bean), blackgram, green gram have been damaged . Water shortage has also cropped up in other parts of Tarikere taluk and people have started bringing water from private borewells in far-off places.With the delay in monsoon, farmers are performing Parjanya japa and Paryana and Kalabhisheka on July 9 and 10 to appease rain gods. Similar prayers and rituals have begun at Kigga. Farmers have started thronging temples like Sharadamba temple in Sringeri, Horanadu Annapoorneshwari and Kigga temple to perform prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725649", "title": "Panel, CAG damn shoddy work, fund waste", "text": "MUMBAI: The cost of the Gosikhurd irrigation project has escalated 1,900% from Rs 372 crore to Rs 7,777 crore and is still rising. To put the numbers in perspective, the state's annual public health budget is Rs 4,200 crore. Also, 8,273 farmers committed suicide in the drought-prone Vidarbha region in the past decade.The Mokhabardi lift irrigation scheme, an integral part of Gosikhurd project, is also mired in controversy. Estimated at Rs 18.65 crore in 1986, the cost was revised to Rs 212 crore in 1999. By end-2007 it shot up to Rs 418 crore, but within eight months doubled to Rs 842 crore. Last year, it touched an astounding Rs 2,148 crore. Land required for this scheme is 1,926 ha, but only 280 ha has been acquired till date. These figures were procured from the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) under the Right to Information Act.Growing complaints of substandard work by the contractor forced the state government to appoint a committee headed by H T Mendigiri, chief engineer of the water resources department, two years ago. The committee concluded that the \"quality of concrete lining for the entire canal length (left bank) is very poor. There is no propriety in suggesting any remedial measures for repairs to this lining as it will not be effective,'' it said. The committee added that \"lack of technical competency and supervision of the construction engineers resulted in poor quality of work\". They have failed in discharging their duties and responsibilities, it said.A CAG ( Comptroller and Auditor General) inspection report last year upheld the findings of the Mendigiri panel and stated \"infructuous'' expenditure was incurred due to overlapping schemes. It said no further payment be made to the contractor and the deposit should be forfeited. The report said the contractor should be blacklisted and responsibility be fixed on officials.Central Water Commission chairman R C Jha visited the site three months ago. In the 107-km-long right canal, he found cracks at places and in some sections the panel had collapsed. At another spot, the retaining wall had shifted towards the centre by about nine metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14726936", "title": "New radar network to track vessel movement off Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai seas stretching up to 48 nautical miles from the shore are now under a coastal radar network. The Vessel Traffic Management System (VTMS), inaugurated by Union shipping minister G K Vasan on Friday, will not only track the movement of vessels and guide them but also issue alerts of possible mid-sea dangers, including from underwater cables.The Rs 9.82 crore project is said to include the latest maritime technology being implemented in the country's major ports, including Chennai.\"VTMS will increase the efficiency of commercial vessel traffic and help reduce the congestion. Data collected through the system will be coordinated with Port Management Information System and Chennai Port Trust database system,\" said Vasan. The VTMS includes an Auto Identification System (AIS), modern radar technology and communication links with vessels passing the region. The system, Vasan said, would be akin to a black box in an aircraft, recording and displaying data from radar and AIS with Very High Frequency (VHF) voice. The AIS is used to locate vessels using electronic data. AIS information supplements marine radar and is used as a primary method of collision avoidance besides checking the position, course and speed of vessels.The system, already installed in ports like Mumbai, will also detect oil spills. Underwater surveillance, web server coordination for data sharing with the Navy and Coast Guard are the other advantages.Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra said VTMS would help the port's navigation department control the berthing and movement of vessels better. \"Controlled from a centralized station at the port, it will release radar video data and remote display feeds to the Navy,\" he said. VTMS is also equipped with a camera which can zoom in and follow any unidentified craft in the seas off the Chennai harbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727690", "title": "Decision on Gadgil panel report won't affect development: Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said here on Friday that the state government's decision on the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report will not affect development works in the region.\"The Maharashtra government is all for environment protection. But, at the same time, we have to ensure that development works are not affected,\" said Pawar, who was speaking to reporters following the Pune district planning and development committee meeting.Referring to Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy's statement that the report was \"impractical to implement\", he said the Maharashtra government will take a stand on the report considering its impact on development.Chandy had said the issue was debated in the Kerala assembly, wherein the state government conveyed \"its dissent to the impracticable recommendations in the report\" and declared that an expert committee will be set up to examine the panel report in the context of the objections raised.\"The government has to take a stand on development issues. Whatever be the decision taken, it will benefit the environment and not affect the development works,\" Pawar said, adding that the government will discuss and debate the report in the forthcoming assembly session.The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel, headed by ecologist Madhav Gadgil, has recommended that the Western Ghats be declared ecologically sensitive and a complete ban be imposed on mining leases.The report said that Western Ghats must be considered ecologically sensitive - especially to ensure the sustainability of the rivers of the Indian Peninsula like the Krishna, Godavari and Cauvery. These rivers originate in these mountains and flow eastwards.\"Hundreds of shorter perennial monsoon-fed west-flowing rivers like Sharavati, Netravathi, Periyar and the Bharathapuzha travel through steeper and more undulating topography before emptying into the Arabian Sea. A rough estimate reveals that 245 million people in the five Western Ghats states directly depend on these rivers for their diverse water needs. Geographically, the Western Ghats is the catchment for river systems that drain almost 40% of the land area in India,\" said the report. According to the report, the Ghats deserve to be protected in its entirety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727789", "title": "City should take care of its garbage, says Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday said that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) would have to take care of its own garbage as the fringe villages were opposing the setting up of garbage processing units.Speaking to reporters following the District Planning and Development Committee (DPDC) meeting, Pawar said, \"Garbage disposal is becoming a serious issue in the city as well as in the fringe villages. The state and central government will help the Pune Corporation set up more biogas projects in the city since the fringe villages are not ready to allocate their land for garbage processing units. Pune should take care of its garbage.\"He said that Urali Devachi and Phursungi villagers agitate every time they face a problem related to the city's garbage. \"Now, the PMC has to rethink the subject of garbage processing. It is not worth carrying all the garbage to one spot to process it. Decentralizing the processing is the answer to the garbage problem,\" said Pawar.He suggested that the PMC should plan biogas plants covering two or more wards to process the garbage. \"The PMC should also look for other procedures and experiments in garbage processing. We have to look for innovative answers to tackle this problem,\" he said.The DPDC, meanwhile, has spent 99.10 per cent of the Rs 370.59 crore which was allocated for the financial year of 2011-12. This was announced at the meeting convened by Pawar on Friday. Pawar also said that to reduce traffic congestion to Sinhagad, the police department should take the necessary measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731215", "title": "CGTR second schedule from July 8", "text": "The second schedule of power star Pawan Kalyan's new movie \"Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu\" will commence from July 8 in Hyderabad.The film completed its first schedule in a specially erected set at Sarathi studios, Ameerpet, Hyderabad. Director Puri Jagannath has filmed scenes on Pawan Kalyan, Tamannaah and an item song on Brit model Scarlet Wilson in the first schedule.Tamannah will also participate in the second schedule of the shooting along with Pawan Kalyan. Mani Sharma is composing music for the film, which is produced by DVV Danayya under the banner of Universal media. SR Shekhar who worked for Puri Jagannath's films, will be handling the editing while Shyam K. Naidu is the cinematographer. Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu is slated for release on October 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "14725828", "title": "Fibre tokens end coin shortage in Bagalkot town", "text": "BAGALKOT: Call it illegal tender, but the parallel currency of fibre tokens in denominations up to Rs 5 has solved the big problem of small change at a town in Bagalkot district.Shortage of coins had forced shopkeepers in Mahalingapur to hand out a chocolate or a toffee in lieu of change in a purchase made. Customers had no other option, but to grumble and accept whatever that came their way. But the new solution could be looking at sudden death if the central bank orders a crackdown on the parallel currency.The problem is acute in shops like dairies, hotels and grocery shops. The affected owners put their heads together to come up with fibre tokens - for instance, a customer makes a purchase worth Rs 19 and hands a Rs 20 note, he will get a one-rupee fibre token instead of a legal tender. He can tender it as Re 1 the next time he visits the shop.According to Shekhar Angadi, president of the citizens' welfare committee, said: \"The system is convenient, saves time. It increases the shop loyalty as the token can be transacted only at that particular outlet.\"Mahadevappa Shirol, who owns a tea kiosk, threw light on the gains he's been making out of the fibre-token system. \"Earlier, we used to pay 10% commission to get small change for, let's say, Rs 100 or Rs 50. Now, that's been saved, and we can keep our clientele intact.\"Customers like Basavaraj Nagur are happy they're not forced to accept chocolates or \"other unwanted stuff\" instead of small change. Suresh Shetty, a hotel owner, said: \"Till now, we would send our employees to get change, crunching our resources. It's a win-win for customers and shopowners.\"Well, what if fake tokens flood the town? Votaries of the token system brush it aside as unviable, saying it costs Rs 4 to prepare each token.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729973", "title": "Mila Kunis\u2019 girlie side awoke by 1st crush", "text": "Mila Kunis has revealed that she was a complete tomboy while growing up in Ukraine and embraced her girlie side only when she had her first crush.The 28-year-old actress said that while growing up she enjoyed playing games with her older brother and his friends and preferred playing outdoors to watching TV. \"I have an older brother, he's six years older. So when I was growing up, my parents would be like, 'Go play with Mike',\" Contactmusic quoted the her as saying.\"I grew up in a small town in Ukraine, where kids went and played out in the neighbourhood all day long. You got kicked out of the house and ran around for eight, nine hours and came back completely scraped up and bloody and starving. \"You didn't play video games or watch TV. There were more boys than girls in the neighbourhood and I idolised my brother, so for sure I was a tomboy,\" she said.Kunis said that her girlie side only emerged after she fell in love with her brother's friend. \"I didn't know I was a girl until I started liking boys. Like when I developed a crush on my brother's friend and I was like, 'He's cute',\" Kunis said. \"I think that's when his whole world crumbled, when his little sister was all of a sudden asking, 'Who's that guy?\" she said.Kunis who has recently been romantically linked to Ashton Kutcher - admitted that she never liked dolls and was more interested in her brother's toys. \"We didn't have toys, you played with other people,\" Kunis said. \"I didn't like dolls, you played with little soldiers and you ran around the neighbourhood,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726222", "title": "Residents can oppose beer bar in area: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court, in a landmark judgment, has said local residents have a right to oppose a beer bar coming up in their neigbourhood. Observing that the fundamental right to live a \"decent\" life and ensure the safety of women and children cannot be sacrificed at the altar of revenue, Justice A B Chaudhari set aside the liquor licence granted to a beer bar in a predominantly residential colony in Nagpur. He also ordered the bar be shut down by July 12.Besides, the high court directed the state government to shell out Rs 25,000 as fine, which will be paid as compensation for the suffering of the residents whose pleas against the bar was overruled by the excise minister.\"There is a fundamental right for citizens under Article 21 of the Constitution to enjoy a peaceful, dignified life without any encroachment on their privacy and to live life sans public nuisance surrounding them,\" Justice Chaudhari said. \"It is, however, most unfortunate to find in the instant case that the government, which is supposed to take care of its citizens, ensure their good health and a peaceful and decent life, has placed the said fundamental right of the citizens far below the so-called right to trade in liquor by opening a bar in a purely residential area.\"The court blasted the government for overriding the objections of not only the locals and elected representatives but also overturning the decision of the police, excise commissioner and the collector not to grant a liquor licence to Hotel Shobha. The judge said the government's view that the issue of law and order means only communal riots and other such incidents and \"the report of the police about the safety, security, health, fundamental right to life, peace, security for children, women and girls is irrelevant, is destructive of the rule of law\".The HC was hearing a petition filed by three residents of Vidarbha Housing Board Colony in Raghuji Nagar, Nagpur, against the state government's decision to grant a foreign liquor licence to Hotel Shobha to operate Shobha's Patiala Peg Bar and Restaurant. The petitioners said the bar had come up in a residential area. The government contested the locus standi of the residents to challenge its decision.The court rejected the state's argument and said under the Bombay Prohibition Act, individual grievances could be considered. The state also claimed that locals could take recourse to the Order of 2003, where a group of residents or woman voters in an area can complain against a liquor establishment. \"The state government ought to have kept in mind the doctrine of utilitarianism, namely the greatest happiness of the greatest number of people should be the guiding principle. The present policy and the prevailing state of affairs, as can be gathered from the case at hand, is to first grant foreign liquor or country liquor licence without any regard to the possible violation of the fundamental right of the residents/citizens to live good and dignified life and then ask them to suffer till they follow the procedure for cancellation of such licence(s) laid down in the said Order of 2003,\" it said. The court, while cancelling the licence, directed that a copy of the judgment be sent to the chief secretary \"for information and necessary action\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731916", "title": "Veena Malik on world sexiest women list?", "text": "According to the buzz doing the rounds, Bollywood starlet Veena Malik leaves behind Hollywood hotties in world sexiest women list. She broke all the past record and makes her mark in the list. She beat Hollywood Babes like Kim Kardasian, Britney Spears , Anjelina Jolie , Camaron Diaz, Megan Fox , Paris Hilton as well as her bollywood contemporizes like Poonam Pandey , Sonam Kapoor , Shilpa Shetty in a magazine poll.Veena Malik said, \"I am really excited with the news since it means people are not voting for me only based on my physical looks. They are looking at me in entirety\".Bollywood Bombshell Veena Malik fans from across the globe have voted to make her the sexiest woman in the world. She has been crowned the sexiest woman in the world by a leading men's fashion magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725808", "title": "\u2018Law &amp; order issues not restricted to riots\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court, upholding the right of citizens to oppose the opening of a beer bar in their areas, said, \"There is a fundamental right for citizens under Article 21 of the Constitution to enjoy a peaceful, dignified life without any encroachment on their privacy and to live life sans public nuisance surrounding them.\"Justice A B Chaudhari said, \"But it is most unfortunate to find in the instant case that the government, supposed to take care of its citizens, ensure their good health and a peaceful and decent life, has placed the said fundamental right of the citizens far below the so-called right to trade in liquor by opening a bar in a purely residential area.\"The court blasted the government for not only overriding the objections of locals and elected representatives but also overturning the decision of the police, collector and the excise commissioner not to grant a liquor licence to Hotel Shobha. The judge said the state's view that the issue of law and order means only communal riots and other such incidents and \"police report about the safety, security, health, fundamental right to life, peace, security for children, women and girls is irrelevant, is destructive of the rule of law\".The HC was hearing a petition filed by three residents of Nagpur against the state's decision to grant a foreign liquor licence to Hotel Shobha to operate Shobha's Patiala Peg Bar and Restaurant in a residential area. The state contested the locus standi of the residents to challenge its decision.Rejecting the state's argument, the court said under Bombay Prohibition Act, individual grievances could be considered. The state claimed locals could take recourse to the Order of 2003, where residents or woman voters can complain against a liquor shop. \"The state ought to have kept in mind the doctrine of utilitarianism, namely the greatest happiness of the greatest number of people should be the guiding principle,\" it said. The court, cancelling the licence, said a copy of the judgment be sent to the chief secretary \"for information and action\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726095", "title": "Pre-cut lemon slices, packed seafood under lens for pathogen contamination", "text": "NEW DELHI: Juicy pre-cut melon slices and sumptuous packed seafood available at super markets across the world have come under the scanner for contamination with deadly pathogens.The Codex Alimentarius Commission, jointly run by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and the World Health Organization (WHO), which sets international food safety and quality standards to promote safer and more nutritious food for consumers worldwide has said that an emerging public health issue relates to the increased popularity of pre-cut melon slices.According to it, exposed pulp of the fruit can become a breeding ground for bacteria that has been linked to life-threatening salmonella and listeria outbreaks.The UN food standards body, which has just finished agreeing on new regulations in its annual meeting in Rome, has recommended that pre-cut melons should be wrapped or packaged and refrigerated as soon as possible and distributed at temperatures of 4 degrees Celsius or less. Cooling and cold storage was recommended soon after harvest, while knife blades used for cutting or peeling should be disinfected on a regular basis.The new regulations also include the maximum level of melamine in liquid milk formula for babies. Melamine can be lethal at high concentrations and has been used illegally to increase apparent protein content in food products including infant formula and milk powder. Milk tainted with melamine has caused both death and ailments in infants.Two years ago, the Codex Commission adopted a maximum melamine level of 1 mg/kg for powdered infant formula, and of 2.5 mg/kg for other foods and animal feed.Now, the Commission has set a maximum limit of 0.15 mg/kg for melamine in liquid infant milk.Melamine is used to make dishware and kitchenware, among other industrial applications. \"The new limit will help governments protect consumers by determining if detected levels of melamine result from unavoidable melamine contamination that does not cause health problems or from deliberate adulteration,\" WHO said.The global food safety body has also warned against Aflatoxins \u2014 a group of mycotoxins produced by molds are toxic and are known to be carcinogenic. They can be found in a variety of products such as dried fruits, nuts, spices and cereals at high levels if the produce is not stored properly.The Commission has agreed to a safe maximum limit of 10 mg/kg for dried figs, together with details on how test sampling should be conducted.Codex, whose meeting from 2-7 July was attended by 600 delegates representing 184 countries including India, also recommended that food manufacturers across the world label nutritional content on their products to ensure that consumers are better informed. The recommendation is in sync with WHO's strategy on diet, physical activity and health, and is a major step forward in promoting healthy eating worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727792", "title": "Security guard arrested for extortion bid", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Friday arrested a 20-year-old security guard of a private company for allegedly making extortion calls to the owner's daughter and other officials of the company demanding Rs 2 lakh.The suspect, Rajat alias Kunal Ranjit Saha (20), hails from Tripura and has been residing at Tathawade. Investigations have revealed that Saha is an aspiring dancer.\"He needed money to learn hip-hop dance. Hence, he hatched the plan to extort the amount from the owner and the employees of the company, where he was working as a security guard,\" said inspector Sachin Sawant of the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch.Sawant said Saha also made calls to the marketing manager of the private security company with whom he was registered and attempted to extort Rs 5 lakh from him.Sawant said Saha had come to Pune about a month ago and started working as a security guard in the company at Tathawade. He then managed to get the contact numbers of the general manager and two employees in the administration department. He also got the contact number of the daughter of company owner.\"Saha then procured a SIM card from a city distributor and from this number contacted the company owner's daughter and general manager on June 28,\" Sawant said.Saha identified himself as \"Anna Supari\" and demanded Rs 2 lakh from them. He threatened to kill them if the demand was not fulfilled, Sawant said.The general manager lodged a police complaint on June 29. \"We managed to arrest Saha on Friday. During sustained interrogation, he revealed that he got the idea of extortion from a television serial based on crime stories,\" said assistant inspector Santosh Subalkar.\"Saha also wanted to participate in a television show based on dancing,\" Subalkar said.The investigating team comprised constables Ganesh Mali, Raju Pawar, Tukaram Dhumal, Sanjay Kalokhe, Anant Dalvi and Chandrakant Ingle.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726141", "title": "Open city: Will Margao be beautified?", "text": "MARGAO: Determined to put an end to the misuse of open spaces in the state's commercial capital, the chairperson of the Margao municipal council (MMC), Arthur D'Silva, has now sought the help of the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) to identify open spaces located within the city.In a letter to the SGPDA, D'Silva has asked for details of all such open spaces. At a recent meeting of the MMC, it was decided to engage the services of a professional surveyor to demarcate all such open spaces.Records accessed by TOI from the MMC revealed that the civic body has in its possession 23 open spaces gifted to it for public recreational use. However, the database was found to be too old as the MMC has not updated records for the past several years. Hence, many such open spaces which should ideally have been serving as recreational spaces are lying in a state of disuse or are encroached upon-most of them have turned into dumping grounds, illegal scrap yards or slums.Member secretary of the SGPDA, Rajesh Naik, said, \"The plots reserved as open spaces in the sub-divided plots belong to the plot owners or developers. There is no mechanism in place to check how the open spaces are put to use,\" he said.\"The MMC should give a proposal to all plot owners assuring them of proper development and maintenance of their open spaces for recreational use if the plots are gifted to it. Secondly, the MMC can send notices to plot owners whose open spaces are found to be misused or used for illegal purposes,\" said Margao architect Rajiv Sukhtankar.Sources pointed out that a few years ago, the Margao architects action group ( MAAG) - an association of architects formed to guide the city's planners-prepared and submitted to the MMC a layout for developing the 23 plots of open spaces in its possession. The plan, right now, is perhaps gathering dust in some forgotten corner of the municipality, as no civic officer is even aware of the existence of such a plan.Sources further pointed out that the old fish market near Cine Lata, the old tempo stand opposite Royal Foods, the area in front of the Margao police station, the small park at the old market, the children's park at Gogol, besides various places in Gogol and Davorlim Housing board colonies have sufficient scope for proper development and beautification.The MMC's latest decision to have an inventory of its open spaces also stems from the recent resolution adopted by the civic body to set up recreation parks and jogging tracks in all the 20 wards of the city by utilizing the 3cr \"golden jubilee grants\" received by it from the state government.\"Demarcating and developing such plots will definitely free the land of illegal encroachments and curb anti-social activities. We will take all steps to ensure that the open spaces are protected,\" Arthur D'Silva told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732987", "title": "Samantha to resume shooting", "text": "Samantha, whose ill health has been the topic of much speculation has finally decided to speak up in her micro-blogging site. The actress revealed that she was suffering from a weak immune system.A series of repetitive infections set her back. \"Yes, I know there has been a lot of speculations about me being missing in action... my low immune system kicked off a series of repetitive infections and made everything go topsy turvy,\" she posted.Samantha however, excitedly added that she will resume shooting shortly. \"But I can safely say I am much better... and will join shoot shortly...\", she posted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726428", "title": "Three cops shifted out of Ellisbridge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following the raid on Sudama Resorts, the senior officials have transferred three police constables of the Ellisbridge police station as they were found to be involved in monetary dealings for superiors. The trio has been transferred to city police headquarters as punishment posting.Last week, V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, had raided Sudama Resorts at Madalpur near VS Hospital with his team. The raid lasted for more than five hours at the resort and Kalgi House near Gujarat University where police found cash and valuables worth over Rs 1 crore including luxurious cars, financial instruments and keys of leased vehicles and properties from the spot. Police had rounded up 104 persons including gamblers and staff members and booked the resort owners Dinesh Thakkar alias Kalgi and Mahendra Patel alias Mukhi for gambling.According to senior city police officials, Chandrasekhar had submitted a detailed report to the city police commissioner S K Saikia after the incident. The report indentified some of the policemen involved with the activities helpful for the criminals and collecting money on behalf of the superiors. Saikia transferred three constables - Vikramsinh Gohil, Dilawarsinh Gadhavi and Sagardan Gadhavi - to K Company of the city police headquarters on Friday. The company personnel are deployed as personal staff for IPS officers.Earlier, Ellisbridge police inspectors B K Purohit and P M Parmar and police sub-inspector in-charge of surveillance squad P D Solanki were suspended in this connection.\"We want to send a clear message to the policemen involved in illegal activities that it would not be tolerated. A number of nefarious activities take place in the city with the help of such policemen. We want to stop the practice,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "14727615", "title": "Beware of live threat at Urban Estate market", "text": "DUGRI: The electricity poles and an electricity box in the market parking at Urban Estate Dugri Phase-I could cause a major accident due to its exposure to children.\"The wires hanging out of the pole and electric box which is in a shambles are a major threat to the children coming to the market,\" says area resident Gundeep Singh Khurana. He adds the authorities have turned a blind eye towards the risky pole and electricity box as it is out in the open and is frequented by many.Nitin Khanna comes to the market often and says the market has got added nuisance in the form of the cement tiles, which not only degrades the look of the market, but will also be risky after it rains.A home maker from the locality Sunita Sharma says the authorities must get the problems fixed in the market at the earliest for the safety of the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725128", "title": "BJP slams PM for \u2018passing the buck\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Friday mounted a scathing attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, alleging that he is \"directly and openly\" trying to put all the blame for the economic slowdown on former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and charged that he was equally responsible for the financial mess.\"The Prime Minister was a full partner and complicit in all that P Chidambaram (FM in UPA-I government) and Pranab Mukherjee did. And therefore, it is not open to the Prime Minister today to distance himself from those decision and put the blame on them,\" the BJP leader and former finance minister Yashwant Sinha said at a press conference here on Friday while reacting to the PM's statements in an interview.Singh, who now holds the finance portfolio after Mukherjee quit to contest the July 19 presidential election, has said he will work towards making India a more business-friendly place, cut down infructous procedures and reduce fiscal deficit.\"What is most laughable about the interview is that the Prime Minister is distancing himself from Pranab Mukherjee. He says there will be clarity in all tax matters. Who brought about the confusion in tax matters? A finance minister meets his Prime Minister four to five times during the Budget preparation. The PM goes through every word of the FM's budget speech,\" Sinha said.Alleging that Singh himself is to be blamed for the bottlenecks in policy implementation, he said the PM is \"directly and openly blaming Pranab Mukherjee though he was his senior most colleague\".\"It is a statement of defeat, of frustration, of a dark future,\" Sinha said, about Singh's words on the economic woes facing the country, adding, \"he is an underrated politician and an overrated economist.\"Sinha blamed the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre for not evolving a consensus regarding initiating economic reforms in the country.\"I think he has said the right thing, but the point is how do we achieve it? It is my belief that there is no political consensus on reforms. Governments of the day have carried out reforms, but politics of the day has not really supported reforms and Manmohan Singh should know it better than anybody else,\" said Sinha.\"So, while I agree with him that a reversal to an earlier era is not possible, I would also like to say that there are many who believe that the earlier era was better and the present era is not as good,\" he added.Sinha took a jibe at Singh and called him a 'consultant' to the government, saying the latter could have made full use of the opportunity given to him since he has held the reins of the nation for eight years now.\"They are all platitudes. You see the problem with Singh has been that he has always acted as a consultant to the government, saying what should be done, what need not be done. You know he has been Prime Minister for eight years, before that he was finance minister for five years and clearly, he had all the opportunity in the world to implement what he believes in,\" said Sinha.\"Now, at the end of eight years, he cannot say this should be done and that should be done,\" he added.Sinha stated that the PM and his Cabinet cannot always put the blame on the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) rule for all the problems that the country is beset with.\"The mess is domestically created and it is the government, which has created the mess. This is something, which has to be understood. I went through his interview and I find that he is constantly offering alibis, you know and the worst part of it is that he says they had to undo what we did, when we were in the government,\" said Sinha.\"As if all the problems in India from 1947 onwards can be laid at the door of the NDA Government between 1998 and 2004? Why was India partitioned? Because of the NDA government? Why is the Kashmir problem there? Because of the NDA government?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726698", "title": "'Proposed buffer zone shrunk under pressure'", "text": "BHOPAL: Meanwhile, sources in the forest department confirmed that the initially proposed 1,000 sq km (approx.) buffer zone around PTS was shrunk to about 800 sq km and subsequently to 650 sq km, now.It is learnt that the area proposed for buffer zone spread across the neighbouring Chattarpur district was totally excluded.Top forest department officials alleged that, \"The proposed buffer zone area was shrunk under pressure from the mining lobby\".The influence of the mining lobby can be gauged from the fact that the former principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) H S Pabla, in an official communication, had assured that no mine would be disturbed by the notification of buffer zone.Pabla had written to the then additional chief secretary (forest) in December 2010 stating, \"While proposing the buffer zone by the department, it has been ensured that none of the existing mines would come under it. And no mine would be required to be closed because of the buffer zone\".The letter was written apparently to convince the chief minister that mining activities would not be disturbed because of the buffer zone, sources alleged.A Supreme Court bench comprising Justice Dalveer Bhandari and Justice Deepak Mishra had on April 3 this year directed the states to notify buffer zone in all the tiger reserves of the country within three months as stipulated under the wildlife conservation act 1972. The directives were issued after hearing a petition filed by Ajay Dube, an RTI and wildlife activist of Bhopal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14727595", "title": "Dengue starts to sting Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: While Ludhianavis are waiting for monsoon to set in, vector-borne diseases have already started marking a presence in the city. An Army jawan, suspected to be suffering from dengue, died at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) while another unidentified dengue suspect, who later tested negative for the disease, died at Civil Hospital here. On Wednesday too, another suspected case of dengue was received by the DMCH. The scenario clearly indicates that the mosquito menace seems to be growing in city, but the health department's efforts to prevent monsoon diseases apparently are reaching nowhere.Even as the health authorities are tightlipped about the death of dengue suspect Army jawan, sources said Beni Putti of Kerala, presently posted in Pathankot, caught the fever while he was in city to see his relatives. Sources further revealed that another unidentified person, who had dengue like symptoms, died in the Civil Hospital, even as later the report tested him negative for the disease.Dr Puneet Juneja, epidemologist at civil surgeon office in Ludhiana, said, \"Of the seven samples of dengue suspects we have tested at the Sentinel Surveillance Center in Civil Hospital Ludhiana, five have tested positive for the disease. Out of these five, two are from Ludhiana whereas others are from Jalandhar, Kapurthala and J&amp;K.;\" He added, \"All the five dengue patients are admitted in DMCH and are undergoing treatment. The two suspected dengue patients, one of which died today, were admitted in the Civil Hospital in Ludhiana and both tested negative for the disease.\"Dr Subhash Batta, civil surgeon in Ludhiana, said \"The preventive and surveillance steps needed to prevent the further spread are being taken in Ludhiana cases and other districts have been informed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14727700", "title": "No reduction in octroi on petrol, says PMC", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has turned down the proposal for reducing octroi on petrol, a move that could have brought down petrol price in the city.The octroi department of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has given a report to the standing committee stating that octroi on petrol should not be reduced as demanded by the elected members.The civic body charges 2% octroi on petrol. If the octroi is totally abolished, then petrol could become cheaper by around Rs 1.50 per litre in city. The elected members had submitted a proposal to the standing committee suggesting removal of octroi on petrol and increasing octroi on liquor. The committee discussed the proposal in June and sent it to the octroi department for their views.But the department has stated that reduction in octroi could lead to loss of revenue as the civic body earns around Rs 40 crore per annum from octroi on petrol. The proposal will again be discussed at the standing committee meeting on Tuesday.\"The proposal recommended to remove octroi on petrol and increase octroi on liquor instead. According to our calculations, PMC will lose revenue if octroi is reduced,\" a senior official of octroi department told TOI.The official, who declined to be named, said if the octroi was totally removed, then PMC will lose Rs 40 crore revenue. Even a 2% increase in octroi on liquor will not make up for the Rs 40-crore loss, as it will earn PMC just Rs 13 crore. So, overall, PMC will lose around Rs 27 crore. \"So the department is against any reduction in octroi on petrol,\" the official said.Corporators feel the standing committee should give a go ahead to their proposal.\"The suggestion was made in a larger public interest as people will get petrol at cheaper rates. Hence, despite opposition from the civic administration, the standing committee should pass the proposal,\" said Dilip Kalokhe, a BJP corporator.Yogesh Mulik, another BJP corportator, said there are several ways to increase civic body's octroi revenue. \"A large amount of octroi evasion takes place in the city. Appropriate steps to take to check this evasion will help in increasing the revenue. There is not need to reject the proposal which is in public interest\".A similar proposal -- a reduction in octroi on petrol and diesel by 1% -- had come up before the standing committee in June 2011. However, when it came up for approval before the general body (GB), no elected member supported it.EOM/PK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725783", "title": "Pitched battle for HCA mantle on the cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sports pundits in our country lament forever that sports administration suffers due to a lack of will to groom future leaders. Though most veteran administrators deny, the basic reason why they conveniently ignore the aspect of grooming lieutenants is the fear of losing the seat of power.The Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA) perhaps provides the best example of how grooming future leaders is often done at one's own peril, unseated as they are by their own protege. There have been two such coups in the last two decades, and a third appears all set to be pulled off at the elections to be held this Sunday.In the 1990s, PR Man Singh fell victim to the machinations of his close associate M Ranga Reddy. The latter joined hands with former Test cricketer N Shivlal Yadav and broke the shackles of the man who had an unchallenged reign for more than two decades. M Ranga Reddy had a fairly long stint, but he met the same fate as Man Singh, perhaps faster than he expected. Shivlal grew in strength with each passing year, pushing Ranga Reddy into the oblivion. However, the way Shivlal wielded power and influence in the HCA for nearly two decades, he never looked vulnerable to any such internecine feuds. But today, the die appears cast and his ouster from power looks imminent, going by the mood on the eve of the elections.Shivlal faces a bitter test to his domination when club secretaries pronounce their verdict on his team's performance. With his one-time bosom pals turning the heat on him, Shivlal's ability to keep the voters (club secretaries) in his bag is under threat. There was a time when club secretaries knew that antagonizing the 'all powerful' Shivlal would be detrimental to their 'prospects', but the current scenario is quite different. Many of his yes men have been openly showing their disenchantment with Shivlal's control over the affairs of the association despite not being in the hot seat.Shivlal's citadel began to crumble from the time he fell out with former HCA president and state minister G Vinod, who, along with his brother and MP G Vivekanand, has been luring away Shivlal's associates one by one. Former Hyderabad captain MV Sridhar and a couple of other key figures too have crossed the floor.The unanimous election of Vinod as president following the decision of the incumbent president Arshad Ayub to cry out, is a fair indication of the direction in which the wind is blowing.What have turned this election into a 'no-holds-barred' fight are the controversies in the run up to the poll. The ambiguity in the interpretation of amendments to the HCA's constitution resulted in grave misgivings among the members. Several rounds of talks for rapprochement yielded no result. It only helped widen the division. The election of president and reduction in the term of secretary to two years from four remain contentious issues.So much so that the May 27 election had to be put off by the then returning officer (RO) Neerabh Kumar Prasad after his note, which omitted the secretary's election, brought the roof down. While the ruling group claimed that incumbent secretary D S Chalapathi was elected to the post in 2010 according to the provisions of the old constitution and as such there was no need for him to face the polls now, the opposition alleged that it was a fraud on the constitution.\"One cannot pick and choose which provisions of the constitution could be adhered to. If the whole constitution is not implemented then the whole process of amendments becomes a big farce,\" a member said. Following the representations made by both groups, Prasad notified in his May 13 letter that the election process has been kept in abeyance. Ten days later (May 23), Prasad quit as the RO, and consequently the HCA postponed its AGM scheduled for May 27 and the entire election process had to be gone through again.Meanwhile, the warring groups made peace 'in the interest of the game' at the June 2 EC meeting, following which it was decided to have the AGM and the elections for all posts on July 8. Consequently, the new RO A Narasimha Reddy, chairman, Bar Council of Andhra Pradesh , issued an election notification for all the posts. Chalapathi promptly moved the court. But after failing to get relief, he filed his nomination and is now pitted against MV Sridhar for the post of secretary. According to sources in the HCA, a bitter contest is on the cards with the scales slightly tilted in favour of the Vinod-Sridhar led panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727286", "title": "7 of 20 water samples from Mauli Jagran fail test", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant development, out of total 20 water samples taken by UT authorities to check the watersupplied in Mauli Jagran area, seven have been found contaminated. The revelation has exposed MC engineering wing's earlier claim that the water supply is not contaminated in the area.All samples have been detected from one particular area therefore the engineering wing has isolated the area. Simultaneously, all the cut fruits vendors, other food vendors and ice sellers have also been removed.During the checking of the residences of the colony, it has also been found that the residents have installed illegal boosters to pump water to the fourth floor, which was sucking the remaining water of the pipes. This they suspect could also be the reason behind contaminated water supply.\"All the failed water samples have been detected from Mauli Jagran area and water supply of that area has been completely isolated from other nearby areas. The water supply pipelines of this area have also been disconnected,\" said Vivek Partap Singh, municipal commissioner.\"Wherever these seven samples have been found contaminated, nobody was found affected with any problem. We appeal to the residents to not use online motors,\" said superintending engineer of MC's public health R C Diwan.The water samples were taken by the UT ADC Mahavir Kaushik and were sent to Government Medical College and Hospital for laboratory testing. When asked, Kaushik refused to divulge any details and said he will soon submit an inquiry report in this regard.Following the development, UT adviser asked the MC to take the help of PGI doctors to control the outbreak as soon as possible. Though, in last two days no case of death due to diarrhoea has been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725936", "title": "VC defers Management Council meet apprehending trouble over paper leak issue", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration, apprehending trouble over BCCA paper leak episode, has indefinitely adjourned its crucial Management Council (MC) meeting schedule for Friday. The members were informed on e-mail. MC member Mahindra Nimbarte confirmed the development stating that he had also received an e-mail to this effect, which doesn't mention the next date. Sadly, this is for the second time the MC meet has been deferred in the last couple of months without any concrete reason, thus raising eyebrows over vice chancellor, Vilas Sapkal's style of functioning. PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment on the issue.The members stated that the MC meeting, which was continuation of the last one held on May 11, was supposed to discuss contentious issues like roster scam and leak of Justice CL Pangarkar Committee panel report, besides the paper leak issue. The members had planned to corner the administration on the leak first exposed by TOI on April 22, and also on the purchase of luxury sedan - Skoda Laura - worth Rs16 lakh by Sapkal, by flouting all norms. Apprehending their plans, Sapkal deferred the meeting.Peeved over the lethargy of the administration, one of the members, Dinesh Agrawal, had written a letter to chancellor nominee, Sanjay Khadakkar, requesting him to make the VC realize about diligently dispensing his duties on issues of public interest pertaining to the university. Requesting Khadakkar to make efforts for streamlining the system, Agrawal stated that though VC was a salaried officer of the university, and thereby a 'public servant' within the scope and meaning of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, he was not dispensing his duties properly.Deliberating on the MC meeting, Agrawal said, earlier also the meeting was adjourned on May 17 without specifying the reason, thus taking the members for granted and wasting their precious time. \"Moreover, there is no reply to any written communication to the VC on these issues and he seems to be taking evasive approach,\" he said.Agrawal added that this unilateral postponement of the meeting without assigning any reason, and that too at the last minute, was an intentional, deliberate and blatant breach of the binding provisions of the statute. He appealed to Khadakkar to use his position to tide over such high-handed behaviour by Sapkal.The VC was also summoned by the chancellor's office on Tuesday to explain blunders committed by him while dealing with the paper leak. The action from top office came after TOI ran a series of reports highlighting as to how Sapkal and his team were trying to suppress the issue. In the process, the entire administration committed one blunder after another while delaying the re-exam of the leaked (Business Law) paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14727524", "title": "1 in 12 teens prone to anger disorder", "text": "LONDON: Does your child often behave violently? Beware, the teenager might be suffering from an impulse control disease called the intermittent explosive disorder (IED), psychologists have claimed.IED, recognized as an impulse control disorder, usually begins in late childhood and persists through the middle years of life. The condition is characterized by persistent and uncontrollable anger attacks.The new study from Harvard Medical School in the US was based on a survey of 10,148 young teens and it found that nearly two thirds had a history of anger attacks involving real or threatened violence. It also found that one in 12 met strict criteria for a diagnosis of IED. Across the US, that would equate to almost six million individuals, the Daily Telegraph reported.To be diagnosed with IED, a person must at any time in life have had three episodes of \"grossly out of proportion\" impulsive aggressiveness.For the study, the researchers said they have used a more stringent definition of IED which ruled out other mental disorders contributing to angry outbursts. They also indicated that IED was not being properly treated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "14731640", "title": "Australian bank to offer payment services on Facebook", "text": "SYDNEY: Australia's Commonwealth Bank (CBA) is set to offer banking via Facebook by the end of this year, in which people can pay each other and receive money electronically.David Lindberg, executive general manager of card payments and retail strategy, said the bank is set to introduce a Facebook banking application, which is currently in beta testing stage, and had taken into consideration the lack of privacy and security of Facebook in its design as it was further developed.\"We know that there are customers who just do not want their financial information sitting on Facebook. For those customers, of course, there is no reason to use (the application),\" Tech.com.au quoted Lindberg, as saying.The bank has demonstrated the Facebook banking application that will allow customers to do all their banking transactions, including paying others and collecting money without leaving the social network.The service, which will allow users to see their statements, pay with Bpay, transfer money between accounts and request payments from friends or groups, is likely to be launched by December.The bank's Chief Marketing and Online Officer Andy Lark said the institution wasn't seeking to reinvent banking, but rather \"help people manage their money and their lives\" in ways that suited them.\"We as a society have migrated to Facebook [...] social banking is here,\" the Sydney morning Herald quoted Lark, as saying.He said security would be a top priority for the bank, which was already preparing to fend off potential scamming attempts.The social banking move is likely to add to the disappearance of cash in favour of digital money, or electronic transactions, as Australians embracing technologies such as mobile banking and services like PayPal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14725964", "title": "650 students, not one present!", "text": "AMRAVATI: Shocking: There are 650 students enrolled in the ashramshala in Jarida village in Melghat but none was present in the school on Thursday, when state minister for child and women welfare Varsha Gaikwad paid a surprise visit. That shows all is not well in Melghat - the ashramshalas without student, anganwadis without sufficient food stock, etc.During the tour Gaikwad visited remote villages in Chikhaldara and Dharni blocks of Melghat. Sources said that the minister changed her tour pan at the last moment and preferred to visit remote villages in Melghat including Doma, Avagarh, Jarida, Khandukheda, Chunkhadi. She took stock of malnutrition scenario and visited the government-run ashramshalas (residential schools) and anganwadis.After the visit, she convened a meeting of the officials and reviewed the works related to malnutrition, health, Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MREGS) and nutritional food provided in anganwadis in Melghat. She instructed the officials to hold regular health check-up camps, maintain proper sanitation and ensure pure drinking water to the villagers. She also wished to strengthen the women self help groups in Melghat region by giving them training in making 'jamun' and mushroom powder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726086", "title": "Tikku murder chargesheet filed, Anuj's 'suicide note' key evidence", "text": "MUMBAI: A \"suicide note\" found in a bank locker is the strongest evidence against gangster Vijay Palande and his girlfriend Simran Sood in the businessman Arunkumar Tikku murder case. The bank locker was jointly operated by Palande and Sood.Palande had allegedly forced a drugged Anuj Tikku. actor and Arunkumar's son, to write the \"suicide note\". After killing the senior Tikku, Palande allegedly planned to murder Anuj and make it look like a suicide. This evidence is part of a 640-page chargesheet, which was filed in a local court by the crime branch on Friday.On April 7, Palande, along with aides Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, allegedly killed businessman Arunkumar (62) in a first-floor flat of Samarth Aangan Society, Oshiwara. A neighbour raised the alarm when he saw Gajkosh and Shinde stabbing Arunkumar through the window. The same day, Palande took a drugged Anuj to Chiplun on the pretext of going to Goa.Anuj, who was earlier a suspect in the case, would now be a prime witness along with three other eyewitnesses. Besides Palande and Sood, Shinde and Gajkosh were also booked for criminal conspiracy, murder and kidnapping under various sections of the Indian Penal Code.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said there are 90 independent witnesses and 15 police witnesses. \"All accused have been identified in a parade and fingerprints of accused Shinde are found to be identical with fingerprints found at the spot,\" Roy said. Over 1,000 pages of the relevant call data records have also been added to the chargesheet. Their mobile locations have also matched with the sequence of events.According to the chargesheet, it was Sood who introduced Palande to Anuj. Palande had introduced himself as Karan Sood and claimed that Sood was his sister. \"She was part of the conspiracy and was the first to introduce them,\" an officer said. Crime branch officials, however, did not confirm if Sood was aware that Tikku was going to be murdered. Reports of tests on the forensic evidence are awaited in the case and a supplementary chargesheet may be filed later. The accused, who are currently behind bars, will be served their copies in jail after the court passes appropriate orders on Saturday. According to crime branch sources, all four do not have lawyers to represent them as yet.It was during the probe into the Tikku murder that Palande allegedly confessed that he had also killed aspiring producer Karan Kakkar to bag his property and car. He was booked in that case and also for the murder of an unidentified person. Palande was booked for the third murder after a skull was recovered from the forests in Chiplun where Kakkar's torso was found.Murder Most FoulOn April 7, gangster Vijay Palande, along with aides Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, allegedly killed businessman Arunkumar Tikku (62) at Samarth Aangan Society, Oshiwara . The police said Palande also intended to kill Tikku's son, actor Anuj, to take over properties worth Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727330", "title": "'It's like going to the moon of our time'", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the science community across the world is celebrating the discovery of the 'God particle', AK Sircar, a scientist at Central Drug Research Institute ( CDRI), too has reasons to smile.Sircar's son, Anirvan, was part of the team in Geneva that has made the discovery for two years - from 2010 and till January 2012. A PhD student at Louisiana Tech University, Anirvan is elated. \"Being a part of this experiment is like going to the moon of our time. I feel elated that I have been a part of history,\" he told TOI from Lousiana.\"We have worked really hard to reach this day. I use to wake up nights to make sure the data which is coming is good enough for analysis. My home in Geneva was quite far away from CERN and I used to rush to CERN in the middle of the night if some problem has occurred in the detector. Inside the control room I used to sit for 8 hours continuosly with out moving to monitor the progress of collisions,\" he says.\"I am currently working on the ATLAS experiment. Which is one of the experiment that has discovered the 'God particle,\" Anirvan says, explaining that he was an expert for the global calomonitoring system. He was majorly responsible for maintaining and upgrading the global calorimeter software. This software is an integral part of the whole data making process as it ensured that the data used for Higgs Boson analysis is of good quality. The calorimeter in ATLAS is a vital component which measures the energy of the particles produced in ATLAS,'' Anirvan said.Apart from global calomonitoring, Anirvan was a part of the ATLAS data quality team. I took data quality shifts and liquid argon calorimeter shifts inside the ATLAS control room. In ATLAS control room, the real time collisions are monitored. We observe that the collisions that are happening are absolutely problem free for Higgs analysis,'' said a proud Anirvan.Anirvan completed his schooling from La Martiniere Boys College in the year 2000. He then pursued BE in Industrial and Production engineering from Guru Ghasidas Unievrsity, Bilaspur. He then worked as a Junior Research Fellow (JRF) in Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Mussoorie for a year and half. He then joined Louisiana Tech University from where he pursued MS in applied physics. He was at CErn from May 2010 till January this year. At present, he is working on the ATLAS experiment as a graduate assistant. Anirvan has close to 100 research publications and two internal ATLAS publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725488", "title": "During renovation, Mantralaya to be made fireproof", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government wants to renovate the Mantralaya building in such a manner that it is able to cope with fires on its own.At a meeting presided over by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, it was decided to redesign the building's floors to include modern fire-fighting equipment like sprinklers, wireless smoke and fire detection alarms, and a fibre-optic network for electrical and electronic wires, among other equipment. Also being considered is a new control room equipped with modern communication equipment and the ability to remain in constant touch with nearby fire-brigade offices and other crucial establishments.At the meeting, architecture firm Raja Aederi Consultants Pvt Ltd made a presentation on how the redesign can be done. Besides Chavan, public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal and senior bureaucrats were present at the meeting.While Chavan insisted that a final decision on the renovation plan had not yet been taken, sources said the government favours the idea of creating additional office and corridor space on floors without major modifications to the concrete members of the structure.Evacuation drill in new admin buildingAn evacuation drill was carried out in the new administrative building at 4 pm on Friday. Coming four days after a similar drill was carried out in the Mantralaya building, it involved 741 people in the first 10 floors leaving the building in six minutes. The entire exercise lasted 12 minutes, six minutes being used to take a head count of the respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14731646", "title": "Uttar Pradesh governor gives nod to bill extending Lokayukta's term to 8 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh governor B L Joshi has given his assent to a bill extending the term of Lokayukta from six years to eight years.The governor on Friday gave his assent on the Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta and deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Act 2012 bill, already been passed by the state assembly during budget session, officials said here today.With the governor's assent, the tenure of the state Lokayukta and its deputy has been extended to eight years from the date of assuming the office. Besides, the Lokayukta can now impose a fine of up to Rs 50,000 in case a false complaint is lodged against any public servant.As per the amendment, Lokayukta and its deputy would continue in the post till the time new appointment is made.The bill was passed by the state assembly on June 18 and was sent to the Legislative Council.However, the upper house sent back the bill to the assembly with suggestion of fixing the term of Lokayukta and its deputy for a period of five years.The bill was again presented in the lower house where suggestion of the council was rejected and it was sent to the governor for his assent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727677", "title": "Textbooks to tablets, a boundless learning curve", "text": "KOCHI: In a move that will enable our students to meet the challenges of the 21st century, the much-feted IT@School Project has put forward a Rs 150 crore proposal to provide nearly four lakh tablets to class VIII students by 2014, that too free of cost.The project authorities are planning to complete the pilot project, which seeks to replace textbooks in state run and aided schools, by 2013. In the pilot phase, class VIII students from 140 schools, one school from each constituency, will be given tablet PCs. By 2014, tablets will completelyreplace textbooks in class VIII in all schools that follow the state syllabus, and the contents will be upgraded till class X.\"The project will be started on an experimental basis. We will have to check the hardware and software compatibility of the tablet before completely doing away with textbooks,\" director of public instruction A Shajahan said.However, IT@School Project executive director Abdul Kaipancherry was confident that they would be able to replace conventional textbooks with tablets by 2014. \"This will minimise the huge cost of printing of textbooks every year,\" he said. The tablets would be loaded with customized educational content in tune with the state curriculum. There would be static and dynamic content. \"Static content will be pre-loaded in the tablet and will contain e-textbooks and daily lessons, while dynamic content would be facilitated by a central server from where students can access more information on various topics inside the school premises. The schools will also be provided Wi-Fi connectivity,\" added Kaipancherry.However, educationists are wary of replacing textbooks with tablets and emphasise that the need of the hour is to improve the quality of teachers and the quality of student-teacher interaction. \"It is too early to leapfrog into the computerised era and forego the pleasure of learning and browsing through printed books. Also studies reveal that overexposure to computers reduce the attention span of children and makes them restless,\" said noted educationist RVG Menon.The state government is in talks with various agencies to provide high-end tablets with a backup of six to eight hours. \"Various companies, including Keltron, have approached us. But it is too early to comment,\" said education minister Abdu Rabb. However, Kerala State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd (Keltron) MD C Prasannakumar said, \"We will assemble tablets for schools. Initially, we will provide three to four lakh tablet PCs to students of class VIII in government and aided schools. These tablets will come with a three-year warranty. Later, tablets will also be provided to class V students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14725486", "title": "GHMC fails to keep its Ramzan promise", "text": "HYDERABAD: The GHMC is most likely to go back on its word of taking up Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) work at the Charminar-Sardar Mahal stretch and completing it before Ramzan. The promise made by the corporation a month ago does not seem feasible with Ramzan less than a fortnight away and work yet to begin.The much delayed CPP was revived last year by the authorities but it soon became a bane for the traders on the Madina-Charminar stretch in month of Ramzan. Traders had lamented that business suffered owing to traffic restrictions and the dug up road made it difficult for shoppers to access the shops.On June 9, GHMC officials including commissioner M T Krishna Babu, mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain and MIM leaders led by floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi inspected the Sardar Mahal stretch and decided to complete work before Ramzan. The MIM leaders did not want traders to lose their business during the holy month and suggested that Sardar Mahal stretch be taken up at the earliest which the corporation reportedly agreed to. It was also decided that traffic officials will be intimated about the plans and traffic restrictions will be imposed accordingly.When contacted, a traffic police official of Charminar division said that they have not received any communication from the GHMC authorities and no request for permission for work has been sought on paper.\"Anticipating hurried grounding of work, we prepared a plan for diverting traffic. But we have not had any formal communication with the GHMC officials. The municipal authorities also requested us to allow them to temporarily dump material required for the project near Charminar traffic police station,\" said the official.GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI that cobble stones have to arrive from Bangalore and are expected in a day or two. But he did not say when the work is expected to begin. \"The original plan was to take up work on the Charminar-Gulzar Houz stretch but when MIM leaders expressed that we take up Sardar Mahal stretch, we agreed. However Ramzan was not our deadline,\" he insisted.Sources at GHMC said that the work on that stretch is unlikely to start. If taken up, the work would have to continue in the holy month triggering resentment from the residents, traders and the other commuters.\"In this scenario, the GHMC officials would like to back on their promise rather than face the public anger,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726842", "title": "Top Kolkata schools, govt clash over RTE", "text": "KOLKATA: At least 13 top Kolkata schools are on a collision course with the state government over the implementing of the Right to Education Act. All these schools - 10 under the Church of North India (CNI) and three others - are private unaided minority institutions. The principals of these schools pointed out to state education minister Bratya Basu on Friday that while upholding the validity of the RTE Act on April 12 this year, the Supreme Court had ruled that the Act would apply to all categories of public and private schools except unaided minority institutions.Many of these schools claimed that they have with them copies of the Supreme Court judgment. The state government, however, said that no such apex court order was known to it.\"The Centre has not instructed us to exempt private minority unaided schools from the RTE. We will send a letter to the HRD ministry and seek clarifications. Till then, all these schools will have to follow the RTE Act ,\" education minister Bratya Basu said.According to one of the principals who attended the meeting, Basu told them that he had spoken to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , who had clarified that the Act covers all schools. The principal said they might move court for clarification if the government insisted on bringing them under the RTE Act.Basu told the principals at the meeting that as per the RTE Act, all schools will have to keep aside 25% of seats for poor children. \"As specified in the Act, the state government will bear the cost of buying their uniforms, providing school books and all other expenses that will be incurred by the school,\" he said.He also asked the schools to impose a complete ban on corporal punishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14731134", "title": "Next Big Idea winners announced", "text": "Bangalore: Neha Juneja and Ankit Mathur, won the first prize for their submission relating to cost and energy efficient bio-mass fired stoves for rural use at the Next Big Idea 2012 conducted by Nadathur S Raghavan Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning ( NSRCEL) at the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore ( IIMB).The integrated entrepreneur training and business plan competition is sponsored by the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB) under the aegis of the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India as well as Intel.Shirish Goyal and Ashish Anand from Link Smart whose idea of delivering scalable solutions for mass markets in the domain of security with emphasis on insider threat protection were chosen as runners up. Red Force Labs comprising of Mohan Sundaram and Yash K S bagged the third position.Red Force Labs is an online security research and product company focused on solutions that help verify identities and transactions reliably from any computing device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14726097", "title": "I'm 67. Will I live to see my site?", "text": "BANGALORE: \"I am 67 years old. I have been working all my life to realize a dream of living in my own house. But I don't know whether I'll even live to see my dream plot,\" said J Madhava Rao. He was allotted a 30 ft x 40 ft site by Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) in Arkavathy Layout in 2005.Though Rao got the site registered seven years ago, he couldn't get possession as the original owner has encroached upon it. He is among 8,813 Arkavathy allottees who haven't got their plots as the layout is enmeshed in maze of land acquisition and compensation disputes. Most allottees haven't even been able to get their sites registered.On Friday, Rao was among 200 Arkavathy allottees who gathered at the BDA office, off Bellary Road, to meet the commissioner and press for speedy disbursal of the plots. The delegation organized under the aegis of the Arkavathy Layout Allottees Association was in vain as commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola failed to turn up.The allottees waited for him during the 3pm to 5pm window allotted for public interviews. They were allowed into the BDA compound and told the boss was on his way. After waiting for some time, a few allottees went to the commissioner's office and were told that he was at the Karnataka High Court.\"The commissioner's office was informed of our delegation's arrival around 2.30pm. We had handed a questionnaire to him two days ago. Why did he avoid us? We only want to know why the BDA is not registering the sites even after seven years of allotment.\" said Arun GK, joint secretary, ALAA.\"We shouted slogans against the BDA and police pushed us out. We plan to meet again at Cubbon Park on July 15,\" said G Gajendra, an allottee.BDA officials told demonstrators a board meeting would soon pass a resolution to resolve pending issues.Site of travails* I'm an ex-serviceman and going to be 80 soon. All my money has gone to pay tax for a vacant site which is not even in my possession. My father died a freedom fighter. I've fought for the country. Will I not be able to live in my own house? Is this the treatment I deserve from my country and my state?Prakash SG* My father was allotted a site on land which was later denotified. A court order said we'd be given alternative plots but our site was in a prime location. I wonder if the alternative site would be in a similar location. Even if we get an alternative site, as per BDA rules, we'll have to pay more again to register the site.Arun G K* I've got my site registered and a building plan was also sanctioned. When we went to the site, we were chased away by rowdies and former landowners who threw stones at us. I've not been able to construct my house, even though I have all the clearances.BS LakshmikanthanArkavathy Layout* Project announced in 2003* 2,37,090 applicants for 20,000 sites over 3,900 acres* Preliminary notification issued for acquiring land off Bellary Road* Final notification in 2004 to acquire 2,750 acres* Land acquisition runs into problems -- BDA allots only 8,813 sites in 2006* Supreme Court rules in 2010 that allotment should be completed and just compensation awarded to farmers* BDA will give 40% of developed land as compensation to affected farmers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727451", "title": "Railway to introduce 2 new train services from today", "text": "MYSORE: South-Western railway is introducing two new train services -- Mysore-Chamarajnagar-Mysore (daily); Mysore-Shravanabelagola-Mysore passenger (daily) from Saturday.Mysore-Shirdi weekly express, which was earlier running on experimental basis has also been regularized.The weekly express will running regularly from Saturday.Union minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa will inaugurate the service at Mysore railway station.MPs H D Deve Gowda, A H Vishwanath, R Dhuvanarayana, N Cheluvaraya Swamy and K Rehman Khan and leader of opposition Siddaramaiah, will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725827", "title": "Can you fund poor pupils? HC to Bar Council", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday asked the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa if it could get its members to support the education of 50-and-odd underprivileged students of some private unaided schools in the city.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by the parents of SC/ST children, after 14 students were denied entry to Chembur English School, which also withheld the marksheets of three others. Similar applications were filed by parents of other schools' students.The court's plea came after the state did not comply with its April 28, 2011 order to reimburse the fees and arrears of 13 lakh students across Maharashtra. The state challenged the order in the Supreme Court but lost. The order pertained to a PIL filed in 2010 by the parents after their children were barred from attending classes. The schools said they would have to shut down if neither the parents nor the government paid. Petitioners' advocate Gayatri Singh argued \"thousands of crores of education cess remained unutilized and the government was not complying with court's order\".Justice Shah requested office-bearer of Bar Council advocate Uday Warunjikar to explore the possibility of lawyers sponsoring the education of the children, as was done by Ahmedabad HC lawyers. \"Arrears of Rs 30,000-60,000 per student have accumulated as the state discontinued the freeship in 2010 with retrospective effect from 2007,\" said Justice Shah. Warunjikar said Bar Council supported the endeavour but there might be slight delay as the matter would be approved at its next week's meeting. But given that junior college admissions would close soon, Justice Jamdar said HC bar associations could also help.Senior advocate V A Thorat offered to sponsor a student of Shardashram Vidyamandir in Dadar. A security guard's son, the boy has cleared his SSC but the school has refused to release his leaving certificate unless he paid around Rs 40,000, which has accumulated over years. \"Such cases should be highlighted so that people who wish to contribute can help,\" said Justice Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "newcomer chhavi pandey has been roped in opposite karan wahi in the much awaited telefilms", "code": "14731550", "title": "Newcomer Chhavi Pandey in Teri Meri Love Stories!", "text": "Newcomer Chhavi Pandey has been roped in opposite Karan Wahi in the much awaited telefilms: Teri Meri Love Stories, on Star Plus.Karan Wahi, who will feature in Shontara Productions' telefilm, will essay the character of a doctor called Ritesh. Karan as Dr Ritesh will be seen as a pediatrician who believes that love is the cure to all illnesses, and not medicine.Sources inform that noted TV actress Shubhangi Atre will also feature in the telefilm by Neeraj Sachdeva. Shubhangi who has been popular for her characters in shows like Kasturi , Do Hanson Ka Jodaa and Havan , will play sister to newcomer Chhavi Pandey. Sources further inform that Bobby Parvez has en approached to play a role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729867", "title": "Cheryl Cole seals deal for tell-all autobiography", "text": "Cheryl Cole has signed a lucrative deal with publisher HarperCollins to write her life-story, which will be released in October.The Girls Aloud singer's is hoping that her autobiography would hit the bestseller lists in time for Christmas, which is the literary world's biggest moneyspinner.The book is expected to go into detail about her marriage and split from ex-husband Ashely Cole.The book will also cover her childhood and her rise to fame through ITV talent show Popstars: The Rivals.It is rumoured that it would also cover her brief tenure as a judge on The X Factor US - and her subsequent firing by mate and mentor Simon Cowell , as he talked about her in his biography by Tom Bower.\"For the first time Cheryl will tell her story in full in her own words,\" the Mirror quoted HarperCollins as saying.\"Cheryl Cole is the nation's sweetheart. We are absolutely thrilled to be publishing her story,\" Carole Tonkinson, publisher for Harper non-fiction, said.\"Cheryl's an amazing woman with a capacity to inspire everyone. She emerges from every challenge stronger and with more grace and good humour and beauty - inner and outer.\"We're still pinching ourselves that Cheryl chose us as her publisher and we're going to do everything in our power to make this the Christmas number one,\" Tonkinson said.The 29-year-old has previously hinted that she would consider writing a book about her life - mainly because there are so many unauthorised ones doing the rounds.\"I see these girls that say, 'This is literally like a bible for me - I read it and I hang off every word it says', and I've had nothing to do with it. I don't have the heart to say 'this book is almost completely made up',\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14726690", "title": "Mining lobby prevails upon MP Govt", "text": "BHOPAL: The 'powerful mining lobby' in the Madhya Pradesh is allegedly preventing the state government from notifying a buffer zone around the Panna national park. So much so, that the notification could not be issued even after the directive of the Supreme Court earlier this year.Talking to TOI, forest minister Sartaj Singh confirmed that the \"buffer zone could not be notified\". \"Some villagers are still opposing.\" He also admitted about the problem of \"illegal mining in the region.\"Panna tiger reserve (PTS) came into national limelight when it lost all its tiger population to poachers between 2003 and 2008. Government reports claimed that about 30 tigers were killed during the period.The state had initially proposed a 1000 sq km buffer zone around PTS but it was opposed by a section led by an influential mining lobby involved in excavation of stones, close to the core area of the tiger reserve. The opposition by the mining lobby received a shot in the arm following a statement issued by the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on October 20, 2010 that, \"There would be no buffer zone around PTS. For me, human beings are more important than tigers\".However, the forest minister Sartaj Singh is still optimistic. He said \"We are on job, I cannot state the timeline, but am sure we will succeed in declaring a buffer zone around PTS.\"Meanwhile, sources in the forest department confirmed that the initially proposed 1000 sq km (approx.) buffer zone area around PTS was shrunk to about 800 sq km and subsequently to 650 sq km, now. It is learnt that the area proposed for buffer zone spread across the neighbouring Chattarpur district was totally excluded.Top forest department officials alleged that, \"The proposed buffer zone area was shrunk under pressure from the mining lobby\".The influence of the mining lobby can be gauged from the fact that the former principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) H S Pabla, in an official communication, had assured that no mine would be disturbed by the notification of buffer zone. Pabla had written to the then additional chief secretary (forest) in December 2010 stating, \"While proposing the buffer zone by the department, it has been ensured that none of the existing mines would come under it. And no mine would be required to be closed because of the buffer zone\".The letter was written apparently to convince the chief minister that mining activities would not be disturbed because of the buffer zone, sources alleged.A Supreme Court bench comprising Justice Dalveer Bhandari and Justice Deepak Mishra had on April 3 this year directed the states to notify buffer zone in all the tiger reserves of the country within three months as stipulated under the wildlife conservation act 1972. The directives were issued after hearing a petition filed by Ajay Dube, an RTI and wildlife activist of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727135", "title": "Coach numbers to change in Sampoorna Kranti Express", "text": "PATNA: The Sampoorna Kranti Express (12393/12394) will run with LHB coaches from Rajendra Nagar Terminal to New Delhi from July 8. That will change the coach number of passengers whose tickets have been reserved in advance in S11. They will be accommodated in S2.The railways would attach 10 bogies of sleeper class, against 11 of the old rake combination. Thus, passengers of S11 are being adjusted in S2, said East Central Railway (ECR) CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar. According to him, railways would set up two special inquiry counters at Rajendra Nagar Terminal and Patna Junction on July 8 and 9 to give proper information to passengers in case of any doubt or difficulty in locating their allotted coaches or berth numbers. He said the information related to changes in berth numbers or bogies would be available on the integrated railway inquiry system, 139, too. Besides, railways has made alternative arrangements for the convenience of passengers who can know the details about their bogies and berth numbers by sending SMS on 5676747, 57886 and 54959.Special trains: Railways is running a weekly special train between Patna Junction and Bilaspur to clear the rush of passengers. The train will leave Patna for Bilaspur on Saturday. The load combination of this train would be of 18 bogies, which include AC2, AC3, sleeper and general bogies, Danapur railway division PRO R K Singh said, adding that railways is also running two special trains between Patna and Asansol to clear the rush of passengers keeping in view of Shrawani mela at Deoghar. These trains leave Patna on Tuesday and Sunday. It will run every Monday and Saturday from Asansol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725501", "title": "Pradhan panel report on 26/11 implemented: Government", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has said it has implemented the recommendations of the Ram Pradhan Committee to prevent terror attacks on Mumbai.\"After the state government accepted the panel's report, all its major recommendations have been implemented,\" additional chief secretary Amitabh Rajan has told the state security council. \"Besides making a comprehensive weapons and training policy, we have appointed the Mumbai police commissioner as a nodal officer for coordinating with all agencies.\"He said the Pradhan committee's emphasis was on effective implementation of the standard operating procedure, special action plan for coastal security and procurement of weapons and equipment, the setting up of a special force to tackle terror attacks and a special intelligence wing for gathering information on terrorist activities, and protecting iconic installations. \"We are monitoring the situation on a regular basis. Inputs from intelligence agencies are analyzed at the highest level and shared with a committee headed by the Union cabinet secretary. In addition, we have set up a state security corporation for providing special security to financial institutions, religious places, malls and multiplexes,\" Rajan said.His speech at the council was followed by presentations from IPS officers Sadanand Date (on the setting up of a special force to tackle terrorism) and Sukhvinder Singh (on tackling the rampant circulation of fake notes).Date said that in the wake of the November 26, 2008, terror attack on Mumbai, the state government\u2014on the Pradhan committee's recommendation\u2014set up a special force called Force One to tackle terrorism. \"Force One is now fully functional and capable of taking on terrorists. We have carefully studied the plans adopted by a section of countries that have been the target of terrorists,\" Date said, adding that law enforcing agencies have successfully detected all cases of explosions between 1988 and 2012.He said that besides tracking the activities of banned organizations and terror groups, the state government has procured the most modern weapons and equipment. \"We have drafted a new standard operating procedure, we have designed special courses for our staff and above all, we are holding joint exercises with the NSG. Now our emphasis will be on quality prosecution and effective use of UID cards for securing more information,\" Date said.Konkan range IG Sukhvinder Singh explained at length the manner in which terrorists were using fake Indian currency on a large scale. \"Prima facie, it appears that Pakistan is the main source of fake Indian currency notes, which are used by terrorists,\" he said. \"We need to amend the law for harsher punishment against fake currency users and printers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14726157", "title": "Kin of Usgao bus mishap victims to get compensation", "text": "PONDA: Family members of victims of the Usgao bus mishap, which took place on March 5, will be given compensation on Saturday.The management of the Sarvodaya education society, Usgao, has declared that the society has received 31 lakh from the mining companies and the amount would be officially handed over to the families of the victims in the school on Saturday morning.Tushar Usgaonkar, chairman of the Sarvodaya education society, said he has received Rs 10 lakh from Sesa company and 21 lakh from truckers' association.A truck had rammed the Indira Bal rath - a school bus - crushing the driver of the bus Ganesh Prabhu, 40, a resident of Barazan, Usgao, cleaner of the bus Sagar Subhash Gosavi, 34, resident of Gosaviwada Usgao and Priyanka Ramnath Gaude, 15, a class X student of Sarvodaya high school, Usgao, on March 5. The bus was ferrying students of the schools run by the society.As a mining truck was responsible for the mishap, the Sesa mining company and association of truckers' had agreed to pay compensation to the kin of the victims. The decision was taken at a meeting held under the auspices of Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes on March 9.Both the organizations have jointly contributed the amount to pay compensation to the families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727132", "title": "Objections raised over Food Security Bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Objections have been raised over the inadequacy of the proposed National Food Security Bill which is proposed by the UPA government. The bill pertaining to distribution of food ignores vital aspects such as food production and clean water and sanitation.Suman Sahai, genetic scientist and chief worker of Gene Campaign while addressing reporters on Friday said, \"Increasing food production must be a part of the bill, as one cannot depend on doles for food security and it is not sustainable. For this, government should also give importance to land use policy and water use policy, as it will decide the earmark land for the food production and how much water should be given for irrigation, industries , drinking water.\"The food productivity is decreasing, as the NSSO survey revealed that around 50% of farmers quit agriculture for better livelihood option.According to the finance ministry's 2007 report, about half of India's farmers are indebted and the inability to repay loans has in part led to some farmers preferring to end their lives. Sahai feels that the production and distribution of food should be supported by safe drinking water and sanitation as dirty water causes childhood deaths, severe malnutrition, childhood and adult anaemia. Speaking about eradicating hunger, she said, \"If the government is serious about achieving zero hunger, it must commit 20% of the national GDP to the agriculture sector until hunger is banished.\"She said that the proposed Food Security Bill is formulated by the NAC but it should have also been discussed with those involved in agriculture sector. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "", "code": "14726798", "title": "Top scholars from abroad on Presidency faculty list", "text": ": Presidency University seems to have become a star attraction for several scholars from the foreign shores.On Friday, the authorities announced the names of assistant professors appointed to four departments \u2014 English, history, physics and statistics. In all 21 vacancies were filled up, of which several are scholars who have studied in foreign universities or have taught there or both. Apart from fresh recruits, teachers of the erstwhile Presidency College have also been selected.English department has got three top-notch professors from abroad. The first of them is Sudhashil Sen from Stanford University . Sen is a research fellow and has done his PhD from the University of Toronto. The next name is of Anupama Mohan who hails from Delhi and is now an assistant professor at the University of Nevada at Reno. She has also done her PhD from the University of Toronto. The third name is of Souvik Mukherjee who has recently returned to IIT Delhi as a research associate. He is from Nottingham Trent University and has completed his PhD from the same institute.\"None of the three is from Presidency College. But they said the new Presidency University has generated huge excitement among scholars abroad for which they have opted for it. They look at the role as a new challenge,\" said vice-chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar.In history, too, faculty members have been recruited from abroad. Milinda Banerjee is completing his PhD at Heidelberg University in Germany and will join Presidency. Swarupa Gupta is currently a fellow at the Maulana Azad Institute of Asian Studies in Kolkata but has done PhD from SOAS London University. Shraman Mukherjee is a post doctoral research fellow at Leiden University in Netherlands. Avijit Sarkar is completing his PhD at Oxford University .Some of the most renowned scholars in the field of physics have decided to come back to Kolkata. \"Sankar Ghosh is one of the most renowned physicists widely known to people in his subject across the globe. He is currently a reader at TIFR. Ghosh was a visiting scientist at Harvard University for a while,\" said Sarkar. Sudipta Sarkar is a post-doctoral researcher at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences in Chennai. He has done post-doctoral work in the University of Maryland in the USA after completing PhD from IUCAA Pune.In statistics, Arpita Ghosh, who is currently a post-doctoral fellow in biostatics at the National Cancer Institute in Maryland, will soon fly down to Kolkata. She has done her PhD from the University of North Carolina . \"Kiranmoy Das is an assistant professor at the Temple University in USA. He has done his PhD from Pennsylvania State University . Shantanu Pramanik, who is currently with the University of Chicago after completing PhD from the University of Maryland, will also join the university,\" the VC said.Though some of these scholars are Presidency alumni, many have chosen to join the university seeing the huge potential, said a Presidency Council member. \"It was possible to have a dialogue with them via video-conferencing. They had a chance to interact with us and we had a chance to assess them properly,\" said Sarkar.The VC added that though a few faculty members have been chosen, she would \"inform the names in public after speaking to the selected and rejected teachers personally\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14732670", "title": "NGO provides training programme for peer educators", "text": "PUNE: Non- government organisation (NGO), Connecting, dedicated to prevention of suicides, is organizing a training programme for its 'peer educators', aimed at creating caring communities in schools.The 'peer educators ' from the school meet regularly under the guidance of Connecting facilitators' to discuss the distressing factors among their peers and ways to address them. The 'Peer Educators' are also mentored in listening, self-care and life skills. The programme is facilitated by Connecting volunteers.The peer educators programmes are for creating caring communities in schools, colleges and other community setups by raising awareness about suicide prevention in a peer group. In this long-term programme, volunteers facilitate the process of sensitization of a select group of participants from a community to issues related to suicide prevention, and enhancement of their listening, self care and life skills. The participants ('peer educators') then become the catalysts for spreading this awareness and empowering their communities. The regular meetings of peer educators in each community are guided and facilitated by a dedicated set of volunteers for that community.A PEP volunteer must enjoy working with young people, have the ability to connect deeply with the hearts and minds of young people, spot and work with the strengths of people and have the capacity to facilitate discussions with/among young people, apart from being able to handle distressing situations.The four-day PEP training programme will be held on July 18, 19, 20 and 21 from 1 to 6 pm everyday. The fees for the four-day training is Rs 1500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14725251", "title": "Heavy downpours cause water logging and landslides in HP hills", "text": "SHIMLA: Much waited monsoon made an entry in the hills , providing relief from the scorching heat, but heavy downpours on Wednesday and Thursday in Shimla have raised lack of preparedness of the civic body and administration in the town to deal with problems of water logging and choking of nullahs. The sky remained overcast on Friday here.The downpour on Thursday brought in problems of landslides, water logging in houses and uprooting of trees. Traffic on Sanjauli -Indira Gandhi Medical College came to a standstill due to uprooting of trees and five vehicles were damaged at Dhalli due to landslide and an old building of Sanjauli School had to be evacuated, as it was inundated with water. Classes could not be held in it on Thursday as the ground floor of newly-constructed school was also filled with water. Besides Sanjauli, Lower Bazaar, Ram Bazaar, Dhalli and other alleys witnessed water logging.Residents near housing board colony in Sanjauli and other places complained that dirty water flowing in the drains and open nullahs seeped in houses and water logging made walking on roads difficult. Deputy mayor, Tikender Panwar said, \"We have taken stock of the situation on Thursday by visiting different areas here. While taking account of the situation in different areas here we realized that water logging has occurred due to lack of proper channelization of nullahs and drains. We have ordered for opening of all the culverts and a master plan would be prepared soon for proper channelization and drainage system after which a detailed project report will be sent to the Centre for approval.According to information from MC, there are more than 200 big nullahs in the town covering more than 50 km area. Areas including Krishna Nagar, Ruldubhatta, Malyana, Chamyana, Kanlog, Khalini, Lalpani some parts of Sanjauli get affected severely every monsoon due to choked nullahs. Kuldeep Kumar, a resident of Krishnanagar said, \"Our area is located downhill where all the city garbage and trash gets accumulated in the nullahs. There are three big nullahs apart from smaller drains which are uncovered and clogged most of the time and lead to accumulation of dirty water inside houses and on pedestrian pathways and stairs.\"The authorities should carry on the task of maintaining them before monsoon as these are broken at places and lack of proper channelization causes over spilling and flooding in these areas during monsoon, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725994", "title": "Popular DU colleges reopen courses; fifth list likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The reopening of admissions in colleges like Shri Ram College of Commerce, Hindu and Miranda House and that, too, in a sought-after course like BA (honours) economics has resulted in a very unusual situation for the fourth list admissions on Friday. 'Popular' colleges are witnessing constant movement of aspirants among them, with a large number of withdrawals after the declaration of the fourth list.While SRCC admitted six students in BA (H) economics on the first day of the fourth cutoff admissions, the real action was at Kirori Mal College that saw as many as 16 withdrawals in economics, which was closed after the second cutoff admissions. But BCom (H) lost the maximum number of aspirants at KMC \u2014 22. There are also withdrawals in Sri Venkateswara, Hindu, Gargi and Miranda House as well.\"We are hoping there would be more withdrawals in BCom (H) as we have admitted much beyond our capacity right at the first list itself. For 62 general seats, we had admitted over 100 students, which today came down to 100 after a few withdrawals,\" said the principal of Gargi College, Meera Ramachandran.At Hans Raj, both BCom (H) and economics admissions picked up pace on Friday after a decrease in the cutoffs by 0.25%. According to college sources, a majority of the aspirants came from Hindu, KMC, and Jesus and Mary.The fourth list has opened up new possibilities such as KMC reopening admissions in economics, and Miranda and Sri Venkateswara keeping them open in the fifth cutoff list. \"The problem happened with SRCC reducing the cutoff marks. We had closed economics, but now with the withdrawals, the number of students has once again fallen below intake capacity. We will have to open admissions again in the fifth list,\" said an admission committee member of KMC.While KMC recorded 40 withdrawals and Sri Venkateswara 12, other colleges also witnessed withdrawals. With Hans Raj dropping its BCom (H) to 96% from 98%, sources from Hindu said many might cancel their admission.Admission chaos at MaitreyiNEW DELHI: There was much chaos at Maitreyi College on the first day of the fourth cutoff admissions after authorities found that Delhi University had printed the wrong cutoff score for BCom programme offered at the college in the fourth cutoff list.The cutoff for this course at Maitreyi as listed in the list released on Thursday was 85.5% to 90%. However, the actual cutoff is 88.5% to 90%. The error resulted in over 40 aspirants flocking to the college for admissions and authorities could be seen frantically clarifying the mistake to disappointed candidates.The principal then informed the university and received a corrigendum an hour later from the registrar. This finally pacified the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725727", "title": "52 tola gold stolen in 2 incidents, 37 tola recovered within hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars struck at two houses and decamped with 52 tola gold worth around Rs15.43 lakh on Thursday night. Robbers targeted the residence of deputy mayor Sandeep Jadhav at Bharat Nagar in Ambazari and the house of the Fating family at Old Subhedar Layout extension. The second theft was solved hours later by he cops and a relative of the family arrested for stealing the gold ornaments.The burglars found it easy to burgle the third-floor residence of Jadhav in Chaitanya Apartment at Ambazari, from where they decamped with a couple of thousand in cash and around 15 tola gold. However, the Fating family of Old Subhedar Layout extension cannot understand how the burglars sneaked out with nearly 37 tola gold. The Fatings were stunned since the theft took place even when two relatives and a domestic maid were at home.Deputy mayor Jadhav's wife Savita discovered the theft at their place on Friday morning when she came to pick up some clothes for her mother-in-law at 8am. \"The door was ajar and the entire place was ransacked. We all rushed to the apartment and also alerted the police,\" said Jadhav.The burglars fled with an iron safe that they most probably could not break open. Jadhav said the miscreants had fled with heirloom gold items which belonged to him as well as his brothers. \"We found bricks left behind by the thieves. We have no clue what the bricks were used for,\" said Jadhav. The family had temporarily moved to a different apartment in the area where he was contesting the last corporation election. The apartment at Ambazari was empty.Police said the burglars may have taken the chance as the apartment in front of the Jadhavs, where some students from Betul stay, too was locked as the youths had left for their native places. Police said watchman Kailash Kumre leaves the apartment at 6am.\"We had distributed pamphlets among the residents here about safety precautions like installations of closed circuit televisions, but no one bothered to take precautions,\" said senior inspector ND Ingoley of Ambazari police station. There was a major burglary at an apartment across the road last year.The miscreants had found the keys to the lockers in one of the almirahs at the Jadhav residence. So, they did not have to break open almirahs to lay their hands on the valuables. Ambazari police summoned fingerprint experts and dog squad but got no leads.In the other incident, subtreasury officer Vipin Fating had complained that gold ornaments from two almirah had been stolen from the house even though two relatives and a house maid were at home. He said his grandfather Mansaram Warjurkar and maternal aunt Lata Shaniware were present at house while the maid Roshni Pandrum had also spent some time in the house doing household chores.Hudkeshwar police station personnel immediately suspected that some members of the Fating household may be involved in the theft.\"My mother (Alka) and wife (Amruta) had taken our eight-month-old daughter to a clinic at Ramdaspeth at 11am. They returned at 3pm,\" Vipin Fating said.Vipin said the theft did not come to anyone's notice until a piece of earring pricked his feet in the bedroom after he returned from office. \"I told my family members to be cautious with gold valuables. Some time later, another ring was spotted near the doormat. So my mother rushed to check the valuables and was stunned to see the lockers empty. Later, my wife's locker too was found to be empty,\" he said.The keys of the locker in the almirah were kept in the house, which the thieves apparently used. \"It was surprising the thieves touched nothing apart from the locker where the gold was kept,\" he said.The cops then questioned Fating's aunt Shaniware and the maid Roshni about their whereabouts through the day. Finally, Shaniware broke down and confessed to the theft. She also pointed out the dustbin where she had hidden the jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14727016", "title": "Bomb hoax creates panic in college", "text": "HUBLI: An anonymous call that a bomb was planted in a city college led to anxious moments on Friday with police and anti-sabotage squad rushing to the spot only to discover that the call was a hoax.According to Gokul road police, Chetana College authorities got a call from some unknown person who threatened them that a bomb had been planted in the college premises. He told them not to ignore the call but to take it seriously as the bomb would go off any time. The college authorities immediately informed police.Police and the anti-sabotage squad who arrived at the spot intensively checked the entire premises but found nothing.Police suspect that the call was made from Heggeri colony, through a cellphone. A case has been registered with Gokul road police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14727379", "title": "Crime cases jumped 15% in last year of Maya rule", "text": "LUCKNOW: Repeated and tall claims made by Bahujan Samaj Party of exercising a complete control on crime and criminals during its regime in Uttar Pradesh (that ended in May 2012), seem to be more of a perception than reality. And if, the latest crime statistics for 2011 released by the National Crime Record Bureau's are to be believed, then there has been an average of 15% increase in all cases of crime as compared to the corresponding figures of 2010.Improvement in crime scene has been a major poll plank for all the political parties in Uttar Pradesh during assembly elections. In 2007, BSP supremo Mayawati's promise of keeping a tab on crime and criminals in Uttar Pradesh contributed a great deal in catapulting it to power. During the recent 2012 assembly elections too, while the BSP kept harping on its resolve to ensure a crime and criminal free state, it did not miss a chance to attack the Samajwadi Party (SP) on the crime front recalling the state of affairs in UP during SP's previous regime, which ended in 2007.The latest compilation of crime statistics shows an average of 10% to 15% jump in crime statistics in Uttar Pradesh during the Mayawati regime. In Uttar Pradesh, as many as 4,951 murders; 2,042 rapes; 3,148 robberies and 9,941 cases of frauds were reported between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011. In 2010, the corresponding figures stood at 4,401 murders; 1,563 rapes; 2,577 robberies and 9,553 cases of fraud and cheating, indicating an increase of 12.5% in cases of murders, 30.6% in cases of rape followed by 22.2% increase in cases of robberies and 4.1% increase in cases of fraud and cheating that were lodged with the state police.Nationally, Bihar emerged as a leader in terms of noticeable improvement on the crime front, followed by Punjab. On the flop side UP finds a companion in Gujarat, where the crime situation has deteriorated.Similarly, Gujarat registered an increase of 7.4% in cases of murders. Rapes went up by 7.6% and cases of fraud saw an increase by a whopping 40% in a span of one year.Though Delhi managed to contain incidents of murder by 3.9% and robberies by 6.2%, crime against women continued to witness an upward trend with 572 cases of rape and 2,590 cases registering a rise of 12.8% and 40.4% respectively. Punjab remained the only state where marked improvement was noticed in every segment of crime starting from murders and rapes to robberies and fraud. An average of 8% improvement was reported from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14727269", "title": "2 years on, CFSL yet to deliver report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two years after Neha Ahlawat, 21, a resident of Sector 38, was found murdered near her house, Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), Sector 36, is yet to deliver the report in the case.Chandigarh Police crime branch officials on Friday issued a fifth reminder to the laboratory authorities.Neha was murdered on June 30, 2010. Though the postmortem report was delivered a few days after the incident, the forensic report is still pending.A senior crime branch officer said, \"The forensic report can give a new direction to the investigation. We have been requesting the CFSL officials to deliver it as soon as possible. Her body samples and clothes were sent to the laboratory immediately after the murder.\"The delay has also distressed her family. Rajveer Singh, her father, said, \"It is quite shocking... the CFSL knows about the sensitivity of the case, yet it is delaying the report.\"Police have failed to crack the murder case even after grilling more than 150 suspects, including drug addicts, snatchers and five of her close friends.One of her two missing cellphone was traced recently to Moradabad, UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14725568", "title": "Social worker among 4 held for extortion in the name of Naxals", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Aheri police arrested renowned educationist and social worker Shriniwas Ganmukulwar and three of his aides for extorting money in the name of Naxalites in Gadchiroli on Friday. This gang of pseudo Naxals used to threaten contractors and other businessmen in Aheri, Alapalli and surrounding areas. They have reportedly extorted lakhs of rupees from them over the last many years.Sources said that Ganmukulwar is president of social organization Antarashtriya Manavta Parishad and Sant Manav Dayal Education Society. His society runs three schools for tribals in interior parts of Gadchiroli district. He is also connected to spiritual and social activities. However, it has been revealed that he was actively involved in the extortion racket in the name of Naxalites.SDPO Aheri Suhash Bauche said Ganmukulwar, transporter Somayya Durgam, Jagan Pirla and Vyankat Kothiri were in the extortion business since 2004. \"Their targets were contractors and other businessmen in the area. Ganmukulwar's aides used to threaten the contractors and businessmen through letters and telephone calls. Later, Ganmukulwar used to go to their rescue and act as mediator between them and the 'Naxalites',\" said Bauche.Ganmukulwar used to settle on the extortion money and collect the sum. Aheri police had recently arrested a gang of pseudo Naxalites a week back. During investigations, they learnt about another gang of pseudo Naxals where Ganmukulwar was acting as a mediator. Later, they got a complaint from a contractor and arrested all four accused on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14730668", "title": "Sarabjit's lawyer highlights flaws in his trial", "text": "LAHORE: The lawyer of Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh has highlighted flaws in his trial for alleged involvement in a string of bombings in 1990 and demanded that the Pakistan government commute his death sentence to life imprisonment.Lawyer Awais Sheikh said there were many mistakes committed by the courts during Sarabjit's trial and while deciding his appeals against his death sentence.\"In the presence of many flaws in Sarabjit's trial, he was not given the benefit of doubt, which local accused are mostly given by the courts,\" Sheikh told reporters here.\"Firstly the case of Sarabjit Singh is of mistaken identity as he was presented by the intelligence agencies before the court with the name Manjeet Singh, who was the actual person responsible for committing acts of terrorism in Pakistan,\" he said.Sheikh said the Lahore high court, while deciding Sarabjit's appeal against his death sentence, ruled that the \"name makes no difference and it is enough that he has made confession of his crime\".Presenting a statement recorded by a special judge, Sheikh said Sarabjit had never confessed to his crime before any court of law or any investigation agency.He was made to confess his crime before a TV camera, which has no legal value.Giving details of Sarabjit's questioning by the judge, Sheikh said he totally denied the charges levelled against him by the prosecution.According to Sarabjit's statement, it was \"incorrect that he was prepared and trained by RAW for terrorist activities in Pakistan. I was neither given training to pose as a Muslim nor to prepare bombs.\"Sarabjit denied the prosecution's allegations that he had a Pakistani national identity card in the name of Khushi Muhammad, son of Allah Bakhsh.He said the card had been prepared by one Major Abbas, a prosecution witness in the case.In the statement, Sarabjit further said he crossed the border into Pakistan on August 29, 1990 in connection with smuggling of liquor but not with the intention of committing acts of terrorism.Sarabjit denied the allegation that he had placed a bag with explosives in a bus at the railway station in Lahore on July 28, 1990. When the bus reached Nizamabad Chowk, an explosion occurred that killed a child and injured 11 others.\"I was in India at that time,\" he said in the statement.Sheikh said not only Sarabjit but many other Indian and Pakistani prisoners were languishing in jails in both countries but the civil society, NGOs and rights activists of both sides were silent on the issue.He said the governments of both countries were under pressure not to release each other's prisoners.Sarabjit was at the centre of a controversy recently when reports emerged that the Pakistan government was set to free him. However, the presidential spokesman later clarified that another prisoner named Surjeet Singh was being freed.Sheikh pointed out that the Pakistan government had clarified the matter five hours after the reports emerged for reasons best known to it.He appealed to the President to release Sarabjit on August 14, the Independence Day of Pakistan, as a goodwill gesture to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729287", "title": "First Look of Life is Beautiful", "text": "Catch the first look photo of Sekhar Kammula's \"Life is Beautiful\". The film is yet another crazy project from the talented director and is one of the much awaited films of the year. Life is Beautiful introduces debutants Abijeet, Sudhakar, Kaushik, Shagun, Zara, Rashmi, Kavya, Naveen, Vijay, Sanjeev and Sriram in the lead roles.At a press meet held yesterday (July 6, 2012) in Hyderabad, the director said that Life is Beautiful is like \"Happy Days\" kind of film set in a colony. While Happy days was portraying friendship, Life is Beautiful expounds relationships and youthful peccadilloes in a city. Sekhar also announced that Life is Beautiful release date will be August 15.When asked why the film was delayed, Sekhar Kammula said that erecting a set of bygone era took a long time, and as a result, the movie was delayed. However, Sekhar was quick to give credit to the Art director Tota Tarani for erecting a beautiful set that boasts of middle class colony.Mickey J Meyer has composed the music while Vanamali and Anatha Sriram penned the lyrics and Vijay C Kumar cranked the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14730554", "title": "Bharti Walmart to adopt 50 government schools across 50 cities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Walmart has committed to adopting 50 government schools across 50 cities in India, under a school support initiative called 'Masti Ki Paathshaala', in collaboration with Hope Foundation. The initiative will impact over 20,000 children, of which 15,000 would be girls. As part of the initiative, Bharti Walmart will help improve school infrastructure with furniture including desks, chairs and cupboards.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14732070", "title": "Nikhil Tonk to act again", "text": "After a long hiatus, producer-film-maker, Nikhil Tonk, who was last seen in the serial \"Tere Liye\", will be seen acting in a movie. Besides directing and producing, Nikhil will act in the movie titled, \" B**ch\", which is inspired by the life of the murdered nurse from Rajasthan, Bhanwari Devi.While TV actor Sara Khan will be essaying the role of the nurse, what's interesting is that the film-maker himself will be doing a small role in the movie. Nikhil Tonk tells us, \"I play the role of a director in the movie, who gets Sara i.e. Bhanwari to Mumbai giving her hopes of becoming a heroine but doesn't offer her any movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14727627", "title": "A royal salute to a good life", "text": "Shaken, not stirred. That's how James Bond takes his martini. And when it comes to the spirits, Ludhianvis show no less passion and exactitude. Whether it's the wine they swirl and sip or the single-malt they prefer as a nightcap, the lively hearts of this booming city take pride in the priceless bottles that stand tall behind those vintage mahogany cabinets. TOI salutes liquor's true connoisseurs who know their Campari from their Benedictine, and who raise the amber bar a bit higher every time they take a swigA white picket fence gate has deterred foot traffic at this \"Gun House\" in the plush South City. Drops of the first seasonal rain gleam like pearls on the garden that has asparagus, bamboo and vinca. The owner, Brigadier (retd) S S Gill must make the most of his now unoccupied life and get himself a round of drinks. He tosses a collectible golf ball, which holds premium alcohol brand St Andrews named after the famous golf course, in the air and Elsa \u2014 the alsatian sitting at her master's feet \u2014 jumps promptly.\"Don't be afraid. The Gun House here doesn't refer to the ammunition house. It's a term used for the residence of an artillery brigadier in the Indian army. Come, let's drink deeper and longer than anyone else,\" he chuckles, walking towards a fine looking walnut wood cabinet showcasing some distinctive elixirs and hiding many in its drawers. \"First, I will open the most prized Royal Salute,\" he says.Royal Salute is a leading prestige Scotch whisky that was launched in 1953 by whisky makers Chivas Brothers in a tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the day of her coronation. Gill got his after famous 1971 India-Pakistan war. In fact, he had ordered two bottles.\"I was then in Rangpur Dinajpur area on India-Bangladesh border. I had vowed that after the war ends, we will celebrate with this scotch,\" he recalls the poignant memories and pours a tiny 15ml of his favourite Scotch.Brigadier (retd) S S Gill has a walnut cabinet at home with his choice of spirits displayed on them.With 15ml of his favourite Royal Salute scotch down, Gill is ready to move on to another. He puts the blue bottle aside and is more affable.\"Meet Dimple. Not the actress and not the ones you see on SRK's cheeks. It's a drink,\" he says, breaking into laughter. Dimple is a 15-year-old scotch that has fragrant tones with a sweet buttery aroma, Gill says, almost pushing his case for the brand.\"Trust me. It's very light, nothing spicy or harsh. The finish is very delicate and maybe a dash of dark chocolate hiding in there as well,\" he says. Gill had bought this one when he was posted in Jalandhar in 1975. \"I was there for my field firing and had done an amazing session of that. So, as a young bloke, I thought of celebrating it with a drink that was a firm favourite of Bollywood actors and always used as a prop in movies, right next to the famous VAT 69,\" he recollects his youthful past.There was even a time when he and his wife Kim went around romancing on a bike \u2014 one sloshed and other 70% sobre. \"Unfortunately, Kim never developed a taste for scotches. She has always loved her beer,\" he adds.Great indeed is the glory he earned for himself as an army officer, and great too are the tales of his love for liquor. For someone who had his first bar made in 1976 when he was posted as a captain in Gangtok, life has become a retirement \"officer's mess\".No strong drink has ever passed his lips after the follies of his youth, he jokes. The Glenfiddichs, the Honey Peppers, the Black Labels the Courvoisier sit pretty, waiting for their tales to be told. \"Next time, I will share their stories as well. Life is a good game of golf, good scotch and good sex,\" he pauses and retires to his room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726051", "title": "Kuldip Nayar\u2019s book spills Pak nuclear bomb secrets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan may have had a nuclear bomb well before it was thought to have until now. Pakistan's nuclear scientist and father of the bomb A Q Khan had admitted before senior Indian journalist Kuldip Nayar in 1987 that Islamabad already had the bomb.Nayar has now made the disclosure in his autobiography, Beyond The Lines, saying that he tricked Khan into admitting it. Perhaps more importantly, Khan also told Nayar that Pakistan did not need to explode a nuclear device to test its bomb and that it had carried out the test in a laboratory.``Tell them we have it, we have it,'' a furious Khan told Nayar pounding his hand on the table, says the book. Beyond The Lines recounts that the author tricked Khan into admitting it by concocting a story that, before coming to Pakistan, he ran into Dr Homi Sethna, the father of India's nuclear bomb, who asked Nayar why he was wasting time by going to meet him because Pakistan had neither the human resource nor the material to make such a weapon. Khan even claimed in the meeting that Pakistan's bomb was larger than the one India had exploded in Rajasthan on May 18, 1974.Nayar says he followed up Khan's disclosure with the remark that it was easy to make such a claim, but it needed to be corroborated. Khan said that they had already tested the bomb in their laboratory. \"Haven't you heard of a prototype plane flying with the help of a simulator? We do not have to explode a nuclear bomb to ascertain its potency. Sensitive and advanced instruments in a laboratory can show the scale of the explosion. We are satisfied with the results,'' Khan had responded. Officially at least, Pakistan had carried out its first nuclear test in 1998, immediately after India tested nuclear device for the second time in Pokhran.When prodded further about Pakistan's secrecy about the bomb, Khan had retorted, \"Is it necessary? America has threatened to cut off all its aid.''\"The US is aware that Pakistan has a nuclear bomb,\" he had said, adding, \"and what the CIA has been saying about our possessing a nuclear bomb is correct as are the speculations in the foreign media.\"Nayar recalls that Khan made no pretence that Pakistan's nuclear programme was for peaceful purposes. \"The word 'peaceful' associated with the nuclear programme is humbug. There is no 'peaceful bomb'. Once you knew how to make reactors, how to produce the plutonium, all of which Pakistan has mastered, it became easy to produce a nuclear bomb.\"The veteran journalist says that he met Khan through the editor of an Islamabad daily. Describing Khan, he says that he had heard that the nuclear scientist was full of himself, and after meeting him he realized the depiction fitted him to a tee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730787", "title": "Naan E: Rajini in Naan E!", "text": "There's the housefly, there's Sudeep, there's Nani and Samantha... and there's Rajini as well! No, the Superstar has not done any cameo role in 'Naan E' that hit screens on Friday, but a clipping from Sivaji has been used in the flick. Perhaps a means of cashing in on the popularity of the actor, but it sure works for the film, going by audience reaction.The immensely popular 'Singam Singlea than varum' dialogue from 'Sivaji' has been used in this film and is sure to thrill Rajini fans to the hilt. Interestingly, it is said that the director of the film, S S Rajamouli, had initial discussions with the Superstar to star in this subject but things didn't work out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727364", "title": "Tibetan settlements in celebration mood", "text": "MYSORE: The 77th birthday of the 14th Dalai Lama was celebrated in the Tibetan settlement at Hunsur and Bylakuppe on Friday. A cultural programme was organized at JSS law college auditorium here.Tibetans from Hunsur and Bylakuppe performed 17th century dance form Tashi Sheopa, Tibetan traditional dances, Shanak Chaan (Masked Dance), lion dance.Tenzin Dolma, president, Tibetan women's association, said the birthday of the spiritual leader is celebrated all over the world with much vigor and celebration. Dalai Lama was born on 6 July, 1935 at Amdo in Northern Eastern Tibet and at the age of two he was recognized as the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama. Tibetans MPs Jigmey Jungney, Tsering Yondon and Lobsang Yesli and superintendent of police R Dileep took part in the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "hubli/mangalore", "code": "14727204", "title": "High-fives in Hubli, sorrow in Sullia", "text": "HUBLI/MANGALORE: With rural development minister Jagadish Shettar set to become the new chief minister of Karnataka, his house in Badaminagar of Keshwapur in Hubli has overnight become a VIP area, with police setting up barricades and deploying additional forces.Police officers on Friday met to chalk out a bandobast plan usually prepared for the CM's security. Keshwapur, located just 3km from KC Circle, the heart of the city, is a congested place and clogged with traffic. \"If Shettar becomes CM, it will be tough for us to handle the heavy traffic here and ensure the safety of visitors, especially VIPs. It's a challenge to make security arrangements in such a congested area,\" a police officer said.ACP AR Badigeri, who is monitoring the security arrangements, told TOI that this new distinction for the area would mean a regular flow of visitors, including the common man. \"We have started putting up barricades on all roads leading to Shettar's house in Keshwapur and Badaminagar. We are also planning to depute security personnel for the CM's security from Saturday,'' he added.Expectations SinkIn contrast to this build-up and bonhomie, a pall of gloom hangs over Sullia. While BJP party workers are keeping mum, perhaps saddened by the state of affairs, the CM is getting support and sympathy from unexpected quarters - the Congress and JD(S).Peeved at the developments, district president of the JD(S) Sullia unit MB Sadashiva said: \"It's very unfortunate that Gowda is being made to step down without any valid reason. The infighting in the BJP has left people here disgusted. We expected all-round development of Sullia and also the district during his term.''Sadashiva said the CM, perhaps knowing his predicament, should have expedited development work in the taluk and district. \"That was his mistake. How will people remember his term as CM? Even his own party workers will question him about his achievements during his tenure,\" he noted.Sullia Congress block president Venkappa Gowda said: \"We expected a lot of development. He cannot say that internal politics affected him. He should have managed some work. Look at what former CM Yeddyurappa did for his district. This was the last chance the district could have seen some development and we have lost a great opportunity.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14725749", "title": "BJP corporator in a spat with professor", "text": "AKOLA: BJP, corporator, Rajeshwari Amma Sharma, on Thursday was allegedly sinvolved in heated exchanges with a professor in the chamber of vice principal of LRT College of Commerce over admission process of a particular student. She reportedly threatened Prof Dr M S Pradhan during a discussing with the latter.Protesting the incident, the college administration and professors have demanded an apology from her. Refuting the allegations, Rajeshwari Amma said she was in the college to discuss the admission issue of a girl student. According to her, she was not given a patient hearing and the professor was arrogant. She also warned that she would not hesitate to deal with the college administration in her own way if it continued to defame her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14727024", "title": "Choked drains expose KMC", "text": "KANPUR: The claims made by Kanpur Municipal Corporation of removing silt from most parts of the city fell flat after heavy rains on Thursday. The silt removed from the drains had flown back, leaving chocked drains and waterlogged roads.Despite the instructions given by the district administration of relocating silt extracted from drains after removal, it was left on near the drains. Many drains were witnessed with heaps of silt two days back which had flown back after rains. Even cleaning of the drains has not been done properly. This problem was more in the narrow lanes. The silt extracted from the drains in the dense localities had not been lifted. The residents of these areas blame the KMC for lackadaisical attitude.Ankit, a resident of Rail Bazaar said that after several complaints, the KMC workers came and cleaned the drains. Then the locals complained for removing the silt to which no one paid heed. \"The removed silt was lying on the embankments of drains for the past one week. Heavy rains on Wednesday morning resulted in flowing of the silt again into the drain. There is no use of cleaning the drains in this manner,\" he said.Silt had also not been lifted from the different areas of Yashoda Nagar which resulted in waterlogging.Dheerendra, resident of Jajmau, alleged that the cleaning of the drains had not been done properly. There was only cosmetic cleaning. Another resident Shipra said that that people are facing a lot of problems because of waterlogging and filthy conditions prevailing in the area.Condition is worst in Deviganj. The locality is reeling under extremely poor civic conditions. This locality of Chakeri area is a glaring example of dismal living conditions in the city. Poor drainage and sewage systems are the hallmark of this place.tnnThe KMC authorities do nothing to improve the conditions.The condition is so worse that many drains are choked. Several drains in the area of Afimkothi, Shankaracharya Nagar, Jajmau, Ramadevi, Rail Bazaar, Kahukoyhi, Kakadeo, VIP Road and many more areas have not been cleaned.KMC records claimed that all the 179 big drains and sewers were cleaned in June. About 20,000 cubic metre of silt was removed from those drains and sewers during the cleaning drive, which had been dumped on the ground near the bypass. The KNN data also describes that the process of removing silt has been repeated in majority of nullahs in the city.\"We have cleaned 95% drains in both interior and easy reach areas. The process has been repeated in several areas where the silt decomposition is large. We had not come across any complaint where silt had flown back into the drains,\" KMC chief engineer Lalta Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726387", "title": "Spurned, 15-year-old girl leaps off skywalk", "text": "MUMBAI: A 15-year-old girl has ended up with a fractured spine and legs after jumping off the 18-foot-high Nalanda skywalk at Kamraj Nagar on the Eastern Express Highway in Ghatkopar (E) on Thursday evening. Sheetal Kale (name changed) wanted to end her life because her 17-year-old boyfriend had refused to marry her.Fortunately for Sheetal, locals who saw her taking the leap saved her before she could come under a speeding vehicle. \"The minor said she was depressed due to the heartbreak. Without thinking about the consequences, she walked up the skywalk and jumped right in the middle of the highway that leads to Thane, during the early evening rush hour,\" Pant Nagar senior police inspector Suresh Nirmal told TOI. Sheetal, in her statement to police, said she had been in love with the boy since childhood.Both live in the same neighbourhood at Kamraj Nagar and studied together in school before she had to give up education midway due to a financial crisis. The couple reportedly used to meet frequently. On Thursday, Sheetal said she called her boyfriend to Nalanda Nagar at around 4pm to know if he was interested in marrying her. \"He refused as he is unemployed. He also said he wanted to get the consent of his parents. He then said he did not want to continue the relationship, leaving me depressed,\" she told the cops.Minutes after the boy left, Sheetal climbed up the skywalk and jumped. \"A youth near the highway side immediately signalled to others and rushed to the middle of the highway. Eyewitnesses said they forced speeding vehicles to take a diversion so that they would not run over the girl. They took her to Rajawadi Hospital in a car after informing the police,\" sub-inspector Arjun Jagdale said.Sheetal's father is a daily wage labourer, while her mother is a housemaid. In fact, the girl, too, does household work for a livelihood. Her father said, \"We were shocked when we learned about our daughter's act. We didn't know she was having an affair.\"The girl was on Friday shifted to Sion Hospital. \"She has admitted that she has done a big mistake by trying to end her life. We counselled her and got an assurance that she will not repeat such an act,\" said Nirmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "14727581", "title": "\u2018Faulty\u2019 speed-breakers add a traffic hazard", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: The commuters passing through the main roads of Rishi Nagar face a tough time due to the speed breakers installed on the road. Those living in the locality say the speed-breakers haven't been constructed following the norms and increase the risk of accidents rather than preventing any.The speed-breakers do not cover the entire width of the road leaving space for two-wheeler riders to avoid them. This makes the road more risky as every one tries to avoid the speed-breaker.Businessman Anu Gupta says there has been no thought used while constructing the speed-breakers which do not cover the entire road-width and are placed too close on the road one after another.A homemaker residing in the locality Madhu Jain says some basic norms should be followed while constructing speed-breakers on any road. \"The authorities will wake up from their slumber only when a major mishap takes place,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725725", "title": "CID to probe NCP leader Mate murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government on Friday ordered CID probe into the murder of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Ganesh Mate. Mate's body was found on railway tracks near the Kalamna yard with the head severed in the wee hours on June 22.The announcement was made by home minister RR Patil during his short visit to the city. Before leaving for Gadchiroli, the minister instructed the Sadar police to hand over the case to The Cid.According to sources, CID has already started its probe in the case after forming a team.Before the announcement of CID probe, SP Yashasvi Yadav had issued notices and summons to several top builders of the city whose names have cropped up in the murder case.So far in this case, security agency owner and socio-political organization 'Youth Force' president Mickey Bakshi and his alleged accomplices Yogesh Chokse, Kamaljeet Mangat, Chandrakishore Mauli and one more have already been arrested by the Sadar police.It is allegedly said that Bakshi had abducted and later killed Mate. However, he denied the allegations. Yadav has also questioned suspects Dilip Gwalvanshi and Ved Prakash Vadivani.Earlier it was suspected that a dispute over an alleged fraud related to property worth Rs30 lakh led Bakshi to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727333", "title": "Miscreants damage 40 vehicles in Hassan", "text": "MYSORE: Miscreants went on a spree and damaged around 40 vehicles in Hassan city in the wee hours of Friday.According to complainant Raj Gopal, a manager at HDFC Bank (Hassan), a group of youths damaged 40 vehicles between 1am and 3am on Friday. The damaged vehicles include 32 cars and two autorickshaws in KR Puram police station limits, and six cars in Hassan town. The loss incurred due to damage is put at Rs 4 lakh.KR Puram police station inspector Vijay Krishna K said that they have registered a complaint at 10am against unknown miscreants and have commenced investigation.Hassan SP Amit Singh told TOI that some locals called their control room and complained against a bunch of youths hurling stones at the glasses of vehicle parked on roadsides. The SP said the group fled the spot by the time police personnel reached there. He said they will soon arrest the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729921", "title": "Fashion for a cause", "text": "Fashion shows are not just about glamour and fun, as a recently held do proved. This fashion event, which was helmed by Prasad Bidapa, was all for a cause.While the models strutted their stuff in eclectic outfits and goth makeup, the guests sat back and enjoyed themselves. Stand-up comedienne Rubi Chakravarti was seen chatting throughout the show and enjoying herself with her gang of friends. We also spotted models Zoheb Yusuf and Roshan Issac, who pitched in to help Prasad throughout the evening. Zoheb, who had experimented with a rather new hairdo, though, decided to keep it under wraps with a cap.Socialite Nisha JamVwal was also seen at the fashion do and was heard discussing the styles on the ramp. However, the men of the moment, David Abraham and Rakesh Thakore, kept out of the spotlight. BT also caught a glimpse of Deepika Govind, Ritu Pande, Aviva Bidapa, Siddharth Poojari, Sangeetha Gopal and Namrata G chilling out at the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726034", "title": "Now, girls to get govt financial aid for marriage", "text": "PANAJI: The government has made a financial provision of 150 crore to benefit over 20,000 girls in Goa from this year as chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday launched the 'Laadli Laxmi Scheme'. The scheme is to ensure that 'the girl child does not become a burden to the parent or guardian during the marriage,' states a government notification.The beneficiaries under the scheme shall be paid 1 lakh as financial assistance, by means of bank deposit, jointly in the name of the director of women and child development and the applicant (the girl).\"We are negotiating with the banks for higher interest rate on deposits, so that when the girl is married at the age of around 25 years, then the actual amount would be over 1.70 lakh,\" said Parrikar.Parrikar said that the form for the scheme would be in duplicate with numbering. One copy will be kept with the bank for record. \"We have shortlisted five banks and negotiations are on. In the next two days, the government will finalize around three banks to operate the scheme,\" he said.Speaking to mediapersons after the launch, Parrikar said that there is no need for people to panic and rush. This scheme will cover 100% population of the state. The applicant (girl) for the scheme should complete 18 years of age on or after April 1, 2012. \"The scheme is restricted for girls between 18 years and 40 years. If any case comes before the government wherein the girl has completed the age of 40, then a four-member committee will decide on a case-to-case basis, Parrikar said.Women and child development minister Dilip Parulekar said that the eligibility for the scheme is that the girl should be born in the state of Goa, and be a resident of Goa for the last 15 years (at least one of the parents should be born in Goa and is also a resident of Goa for the last 15 years). \"If a girl is born outside Goa, she shall be eligible if she is a resident of Goa for the last 15 years and educated in Goa\", Parulekar said.Parulekar also said that while submitting the application form, the applicant has to furnish a birth certificate copy, 15 years resident certificate, EPIC card and marriage registration certificate. The marriage certificate should be dated on or after April 1, 2012.\"If anybody is married in another state, she will not be entitled to the scheme,\" Parrikar said, adding that first priority would be to disburse the money to those who have already married after April 1 and those who are planning to get married soon.The application procedure is that the applicant who attains the age of majority i.e. 18 years on or after April 1, 2012, may apply to the directorate of women and child development with two photographs including attested copy of the birth certificate of the applicant; attested copy of any document as a proof of 15 years residence of the applicant in the state of Goa; 15 years or 25 years residence certificate of the parents; birth certificate of the parents; attested copy of 'Aadhar' card if any, and affidavit as per the format of the department.The girl will have to produce the withdrawal order/letter from the director, women and child development or any other authorized official and also personally be present herself before the bank officials to withdraw the money from the bank.\"In order to receive the money after civil marriage, the beneficiary shall personally present herself before the designated officers or the director of the directorate of women and child development for issue of withdrawal letter, which in turn can be presented in the bank for withdrawal of money due and payable,\" said Parrikar.The benefit under the scheme shall be given only once in the lifetime of each beneficiary. The unpaid money under the fixed deposit shall be credited back to the government along with the interest accrued thereon and no family members, as the case maybe, shall have a claim of whatsoever on the same.In the event, there is no claim by the beneficiary till attaining the age of 40 years, the fixed deposit shall be closed and the amount shall be credited back to the government along with the interest accrued thereon. 'No further assistance of any nature shall be provided to the concerned,' states the scheme.The application shall be submitted within 80 days either from the date of publication of this scheme on the official gazette or from the date of attaining the age of 18 years or from the date of issue of civil marriage registration certificate. All applications received beyond the specified period of 180 days shall be rejected, the scheme states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725385", "title": "\u2018Terror groups lure Muslim youth\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The increasing arrests of educated Muslim youth from Bihar on terror charges is a cause of concern for the Muslim intelligentsia. Muslim scholars have started airing their views both in private and in publicon the \"frenzy\" with which educated Muslim youth are being picked up for alleged terror activities.The concern is also deep because most of the recent arrests have been made from north Bihar, especially Darbhanga, a backward district. In the last one year intelligence agencies have arrested 14 Muslim youth from Bihar, mostly from Darbhanga.The detention of Fasih Mahmood, an engineer from Darbhanga, in Saudi Arabia, is the latest proof that IM has widened its trap and might have succeeded in radicalizing a section of the educated Muslim youth. \"There is a trust deficit among Indian Muslims about what the agencies say regarding involvement of Muslim youth in terrorism. If Indian Mujahideen really exists and is radicalizing educated Muslim boys, they are the biggest enemy of Indian Muslims,\" says Mohibul Haque, political scientist at Aligarh Muslim University. Many are dismayed at the existence of a 'Bihar module'. \"The districts in Bihar from where these Muslim boys have been picked up are backward. Most of the arrested terror accused are educated. Their arrest will halt the stride Muslims had taken in education and employment post-Babri masjid demolition. The resurgence in Muslims' educational advancement will be affected by these arrests,\" said Urdu columnist Hasan Kamaal.Fasih studied engineering at a college in Karnataka where is he said to have come in contact with IM members. \"Muslims will have to be vigilant about terror ideologues looking for fresh recruits. There is no reason why youths should join terror organizations and become mercenaries of death as they have not faced any serious discrimination,\" says Firoz Ahmed who teaches at Akbar Peerbhoy College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14726573", "title": "Hour-long evening rain brings chill to Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Residents got a relief from a long spell of sweltering heat when heavy showers coupled with winds lashed the city in the evening on Friday. During the day, hopes of pre-monsoon rains were dashed after the temperature soared following a light drizzle early in the morning.The pre-dawn drizzle failed to bring any relief to residents as humidity increased and even power supply remained suspended to several sectors. After a hot and humid day, when the sky remained covered with clouds, rains poured for well over an hour giving the much-needed respite.There were no reports of major waterlogging anywhere in the city. However, owing to the strong winds, an electric pole was uprooted near the Center Stage Mall in Sector 18. Near the same spot, the wheels of a private bus got stuck when earth near the edge of the road caved in due to the rains.With the monsoon expected to hit the city in its full glory early next week, the Noida Authority has prepared an elaborate action plan keeping in view the past history and instances of waterlogging.The Noida Jal Board informed that residents can dial the call centre of the Authority to register waterlogging and other complaints. A team of around 20 officials culled from different departments has been formed to monitor and handle exigent situations caused due to waterlogging or minor flooding. The health department had been advised last month to remove blockage in drains to allow for smooth flow of storm water. Apart from the city's health department and the Jal board, officials of the works and maintenance departments of the Authority have also been pressed into service.\"This year, officials in charge of 10 maintenance circles in Noida have also been roped in for monsoon-related duty. The works department would also provide help to tide over any emergency situation,\" said an official of Noida Jal Board.Given past records of waterlogging, the Jal board has identified around 15 vulnerable points in different sectors of Noida. These points are spread across the three divisions of the Jal board. Pumping sets have been placed near the Noida Authority office in Sector 6, near Udaygiri Apartments in Sector 34, near Dhavalgiri Apartments in Sector 11 and near the Shimla Park in Sector 12 given past history of waterlogging at these locations. The Jal board will closely monitor the Sector 37 underpass because it would be facing its first monsoon this year.\"The vulnerable points include the three underpasses in the city. Apart from testing and placing diesel-run generator sets and motor pumps at these locations, the underground pumps have also been tested and found to be fully functional after trials,\" said an official of Noida Jal Board.The department has also tested the valves in two big drains near the NEPZ area, where water from the Yamuna gushes in when the river is in spate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14727352", "title": "Excise dept official granted bail", "text": "MYSORE: Nine days after excise department deputy commissioner Y Manjunath was charged with abusing his position as a public servant and was remanded to judicial custody, he was given bail by the principal district court on Friday.He was booked in two separate cases following raids on excise offices by Lokayukta police on June 27. He was booked along with nine other staff members under Section 13 D and E of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.Manjunath who got bail in one of the cases on Thursday along with nine other officers was detained again in another case.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725832", "title": "Man strangles wife to death", "text": "BANGALORE: Manjula, a 27-year-old domestic help, was allegedly strangled by her husband Mohan in Govindrajanagar, near Vijayanagar, on Friday morning.Mohan then took his two children, Vidya, 8, and Pavithra, 3, to his mother's house. He told the girls their mother was sleeping. Manjula's neighbour found her dead and alerted the police. By the time, they reached his mother' house, he had fled.Family members and neighbours told police Mohan delivered LPG cylinders for an agency. They said the couple had been married for nine years but fought frequently. About 15 days ago, Manjula had attempted suicide.Police suspect Mohan killed Manjula early Friday morning. \"He woke his children up around 7am and took them to his mother's house. He later returned to his house with Vidya and took away Manjula's gold earrings. He told the girl Manjula was asleep,\" said SN Sidramappa, deputy commissioner of police, west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14726481", "title": "3 men fight to claim 2 exotic birds", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two exotic birds identified as an American Macau and an Amazon parrot were visitors at the Thudiyalur police station on Friday following altercations between three bird sellers over compensation in a business deal. The exorbitantly priced birds remained inside the station, providing a welcome distraction for the constables on duty till the issue was resolved four hours later in the presence of the station inspector. The birds were released to the owner by 6.30 pm after they were fed apples and water by the men in khaki. During their stay there, the birds moved around in the station, raising the curiosity of visitors and providing ample entertainment for the constables.The high drama began on Friday morning when bird seller R Raja of Palakarai in Trichy approached Thudiyalur police accusing his friend and Kavundampalayam-based bird seller Sakthi of cheating him and disappearing with the birds from the car in which they were travelling. Raja had been selling expensive exotic birds for about 15 years. On Wednesday Sakthi contacted him as he had promised to give a buyer in Coimbatore two exotic birds. On Thursday evening, Raja left Palakkarai in his car with the American Macau named Leo and Amazon parrot named Rex. Leo was priced at Rs 1.5 lakh while Rex was priced at Rs 80,000. Raja met Sakthi in the city with the caged birds and together they proceeded to Aavarampalayam to meet the buyer. As soon as they neared the Ramakrishna Kalyana Mandapam, Sakthi left with the birds, telling Raja that he would show the birds to the buyer and return. However, Sakthi did not return. Raja tried to reach him on his mobile phone, but in vain.Consequently, Raja approached the police who soon traced Sakthi. But the birds were not with Sakthi. On interrogation, Sakthi revealed that the birds were with another seller named Umapathi, who lives in Veerakeralam on the outskirts of the city. Umapathi was soon summoned and police took the birds in their custody.On interrogation, Umapathi told police that Sakthi was acting on his directions. About three months ago, Umapathy had given Raja an exotic Grey parrot chick to rear but it died within two days allegedly because of negligence. As per Umapathi's theory , the Grey Parrot may have fetched at least Rs 70,000. He told police that he would hand over the two exotic birds to Raja only if he paid him Rs 70,000. As he had no other option, Raja paid the money by 6.30 pm and took his birds back to Trichy.Raja said he was forced to pay the amount and reclaim the birds as their health was deteriorating. They had refused to eat from the hands of strangers. \"If the birds had been without food even for a day longer, their lives would be in danger. I have invested a huge amount on both birds. So I decided to pay the money that Umapathi had demanded,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725857", "title": "Bomb hoax at SJR PU college", "text": "BANGALORE: Chaos prevailed in SJR PU College in Rajajinagar IVth Block on Friday after an unidentified man called its landline to say a bomb there would explode around 11am. The college management a holiday and called the police. The bomb squad searched for over two hours but couldn't find any explosive device. Police traced the hoax call to a coin booth in the vicinity.\"There were around 600 students and 40 staff members in the morning. We directed college principal T Saraswathi not to make public the details of the call as it may have created panic among students,\" Magadi Road police said. They added, \"We questioned the coin-box phone owner and with the help of his description, we're trying to nab the miscreant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14725293", "title": "Patiala dalit boy shot dead", "text": "PATIALA: More than 48 hours after a dalit youth died with the bullet of a police party, cops are yet to arrest the accused. Instead of booking the cops under murder charges, the police authorities of Nabha Sadar police station have been allegedly trying to save accused by registering a FIR under 304 IPC.As per the claims, Nabha sadar cops, a police party of Nabha Sadar police station had laid a naka near Grid chowk of the city on Wednesday night.But around midnight when they signalled a car and tempo, which came together from Bhadson side, both fled towards Bhadson rear back and police party started chasing them. But when they reached near Agol village, someone from tempo fired at police party and the police also fired. But the bullet hit deceased Kuldeep singh, who was sitting in back space of tempo, and died. Both the vehicles fled after throwing the body of deceased.Though, the Nabha police have registered a case under Sections 304 of the IPC, ASI Inderjit singh, and three constables, including Bhuma Singh,Rajinder Singh and Gurmeet Singh, but still there are many questions, which needs to be probed.Questions include, how the drivers of two vehicles could take u turn from a single lane road that too from nearpolice Naka when cops are already signalling the vehicles to stop.Second how the driver of tempo threw the body out of his vehicle after the death of Kuldeep, lying in back space of vehicle, when police vehicle was at some distance from tempo and firing at vehicle.Most important question is that between tyre of vehicle and deceased there was gap of many feet and how the bullet hit at many feet away than it's target, set by cops ? . Since cops are accused in this case, none from SHO of Nabha Sadar police station to senior authorities seem interested in conducting proper investigations and arresting accused.The efforts of police to hush up case, which seems to be fake encounter, could be gauged from the fact that there is no arrest so far. The family members of victim have also compromised with cops on Thursday evening only because of alleged police pressure as in the morning the father of deceased Kuldeep singh had demanded strict action against cops.When contacted Nabha DSP Rajinder sSngh, he denied any deliberate firing by cops and said, \"It all happened accidentally as cops fired on tyres of vehicle, but it hit deceased,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "white sulphur springs", "code": "14732329", "title": "Atwal makes cut, Tiger and Mickelson miss out", "text": "WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal sank a tense 13-foot putt for a birdie on the 18th hole to squeeze inside the cut line but the two big names of the event Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson missed the cut at the Greenbrier Classic.Atwal, who has had a tough time this season, missing more cuts than he has made, is now one-under 139 for two rounds on the par-70 Old White TPC Course.Daniel Chopra missed the cut with a second round 74 after his first round 69.Atwal had a bogey on the seventh but made up with birdies on 11th and 12th but a bogey on 13th placed him in the danger zone.He hauled himself back to safety with a long birdie putt on the final hole to survive the cut.But the big news was Tiger Woods missing the cut at the same event a week after winning his third title of the season.Woods shot 71 and 69 and it was only ninth missed cut in his entire year.Also missing the cut was Phil Mickelson, making it the first time the two have missed the cut in the same tournament as professionals.When Woods was an amateur, he and Mickelson missed the cut at the 1993 Byron Nelson.US Open champion Webb Simpson moved to the top of the leaderboard at nine-under as play was halted earlier due to darkness on ad ay when play was also delayed due to rain.First round leader, Vijay Singh dropped down the leaderboard with a second round 74 after a first round 63.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14725343", "title": "Medical student dies of fall from hostel roof in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: A final year medical ( MBBS) student died after falling from the roof of his hostel at the Pandit Bhagwat Dayal Sharma (BDS) University of Health Sciences in Rohtak on Friday, police said.Krishan Dahiya, of Samaspur Majra village in Jhajjar district of Haryana, was rushed to emergency ward of the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences here by the hostel staff but was declared brought dead.A security guard on the duty in hostel was the first to notice the incident when he heard the sound of fall. A broken bottle of beer was also recovered from the spot. Police also found some beer bottles on the roof top and suspect that Krishan had company when he was consuming beer.According to agency reports, the victim and his friends had partied on the hostel roof on Thursday night.PGIMS director C S Dhull said a three-member medical board would conduct the postmortem examination. Classes at the institute were suspended following the incident.\"Body of Krishan has been handed over to his kin after getting its post-mortem done. Whether he was in an inebriated state or not when the accident occurred will be ascertained after the post-mortem report,\" the officer said.The police have registered inquest proceedings and statements of Krishan's friends were being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14726041", "title": "Plastic-free Panaji soon?", "text": "PANAJI: The CCP has launched a drive to book vendors packaging items in plastic carrybags below 40 microns. As part of this, the CCP has seized a total of 15kg of such bags from various vendors in the city. Fines of around 5,000 have been imposed.Goa was among the first states to consider curbs on the plastic menace when it passed the Goa Non-Biodegradable Garbage (Control) Act, 1996, though it came into force only on January 1, 1998. When the central government stepped in with a notification for all states to curb the plastic menace in 2000 by banning the use of plastic carrybags below 20 microns in density, Goa was already implementing it. In 2002, the Goa government decided to raise the limit to 100 microns, but bowed down to pressure and settled for a standard of 40 microns. Initially, the enforcement was strict but then turned lax.However, with the CCP administration showing renewed enthusiasm, it appears that some part the plastic menace will reduce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14729272", "title": "Karnataka relaxes RTE implementation for minority institutions", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka government on Friday decided to exempt religious and linguistic minority institutions from the ambit of the Right to Education (RTE) if they have 75 per cent of strength belonging to these sections.The state cabinet at its meeting held here took this decision on the basis of a Supreme Court ruling, minister for Primary and Secondary Education, Vishweshwara Hegde Kageri, told reporters.To be eligible for exemption, all minority institutions should have at least 75 per cent of their students from the sections, he said.The government will soon issue an order in this regard, he said, but declined to comment on private educational institutions allegedly refusing to implement RTE.\"It is a separate matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14731086", "title": "Gurgaon rejects renewal application to build IT park", "text": "GURGAON: Sending out a strong message to builders who have failed to start development activities in the district several years after licences were granted to them, the Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has cancelled the licence renewal application for setting up a cyber park.In a letter issued to the builder, Rockman Industries (a sister concern of Hero Group), for its application on renewal of licence to set up a cyber park on 13.707-acre land in Sector 34, the DTCP has highlighted several shortcomings as the reason for cancellation.According to the observation, the private player has not initiated any development activities on the said land even four years after the licence was first issued. Moreover, the department has stated that Rs 929.84 lakh as enhanced EDC (External Development Charges) are due from the firm.\"Although building plans were approved in the meeting of Building Plan Approval Committee held on 17.11.2008 but same have not been released due to non-payment of outstanding amount of Enhanced EDC, non-submission of NOC from Airport Authority of India and non-payment of Labour Cess...\" reads the official letter issued by director general, TCP, T C Gupta.According to licence conditions, the developer was supposed to build 30% of the IT-area within 'initial' period (three years) of the licence. But it has failed to do so. The department has also observed that the builder failed to obtain approved building plans to date, therefore there is no compliance of the conditions.The department has also found that the builder 'failed to submit' NOCs (No Objection Certificate) by 'competent authorities' in respect of an MoEF notification (of July 2004). A company official, who met Gupta last month, 'failed to convince' him why the alleged deficiencies existed. Despite repeated attempts, a comment from Rockman Industries could not be obtained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725893", "title": "DTE declares engineering and technology courses schedule", "text": "NAGPUR: The Directorate of Technical Education ( DTE) has declared seat distribution schedule for first year engineering and technology courses on its official website. Accordingly, the display will start from July 9. Online submission of first round option forms will be held from July 10 to 13 and the provisional list will be displayed on July 14.The actual option forms for the CAP first round are to be submitted online from July 15 to 18. The provisional allotment list will be out on July 20. For second round, the institute wise vacancy list will be put up on July 27 and the deadline for submissions is July 31 while display of seat allotment is listed for August 2. The admission process for the third round will commence on August 8. The commencement of autonomous and non-autonomous courses is scheduled on July 26 and August 6 respectively. Cut-off date for all admissions for this academic year is August 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726219", "title": "HC grants Sylvester bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A former aide of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and an accused in the 2004 Popular Builders firing case, Sylvester Daniel was ordered to be released on bail by Gujarat high court on Friday.Sylvester was the only accused in this case behind bars for the past several years. He is one of the important witnesses in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case, whose testimonies have nailed former MoS Home Amit Shah . He is among those witnesses who highlighted the extortion racket allegedly being run by cops and criminals.Granting bail to Sylvester, Justice K S Jhaveri observed that he had served half the maximum sentence prescribed for the offence. His bail was conditional to him not leaving Gujarat's borders, said his lawyer Soeb Bhohiria.Seeking bail, Sylvester's counsel argued that the trial has not commenced for many years, and the delay has not been caused by this accused.Sylvester, who allegedly along with Tulsiram Prajapati opened fire at the Popular Builders' office at Navrangpura in December 2004, had earlier been granted bail by the high court, but was jailed again for furnishing a bogus surety.Last October, he escaped from his police escort, as he was taken there to be produced in an Udaipur court. He was nabbed the next day and found in possession of a weapon. The state government invoked section 268 against him which restricted his movement outside prison in Vadodara. \"The section automatically gets revoked, when the court grants bail,\" the lawyer said.All the accused persons in this case are out on bail, while a couple of them including Sohrabuddin's brother Nayamuddin Sheikh are absconders.CBI has claimed that the firing incident was a precursor to the fake encounters, as the firing was set up by cops like Abhay Chudasama and D G Vanzara to lure Sohrabuddin in. A request by the CBI to transfer the probe in this case has been pending before the Supreme Court. Meanwhile, the co-accused in this case have also demanded a CBI probe in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726418", "title": "One held for murder in Ramol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Bapunagar police officials on Friday arrested a man for killing his partner in crime and gang member at Vastral in Ramol last week. Police identified the accused as Sanjay Dabhi, 20, a resident of Amraiwadi.Dabhi, 20, allegedly killed Rahul Pal, 19, a resident of Sanjay Chowk, Amraiwadi, suspecting him of giving tip-offs against him to police.Rahul's body with multiple stab wounds was found five days back in a field near Rapid Action Force (RAF) camp at Vastral.Police initially could not ascertain Rahul's identity as questioning labourers of a nearby construction site did not yield any result. His identity was ascertained only after the arrest of Dabhi in a theft case.\"The case was cracked by pure luck. We arrested Dabhi in a theft case. During his interrogation, he confessed to having killed Rahul near Vastral. We crosschecked with Ramol police station and confirmed that it was the same murder,\" said Bapunagar police station sub-inspector R G Jadeja. Jadeja said that Pal was involved with Dabhi and Ravi, their third partner, in petty thefts and chain snatching incidents.\"Dabhi was suspicious that Pal had given information to police against them in order to frame them and become boss of the gang. The duo thus took him near Vastral and sat over a drink with him. They then confronted Pal on the issue and attacked him with knife when he couldn't defend himself. While Dabhi has been arrested, Ravi is still at large,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726342", "title": "Scientist in search of the soul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is said that spirituality begins where science ends, and for many, the two can never see eye to eye. But the two indeed have a common ground in Deepak Pandya, better known as the father of American astronaut Sunita Williams . A trained neuroanatomist best known for his contributions to understanding cortical and subcortical brain connectivity in the macaque, Pandya has as much faith in spirituality as he does in science. And while he still follows the philosophy of Sanatan Dharma (eternal or universal righteousness) living in Falmouth, Massachusetts with his wife Bonnie, his beliefs can be traced all the way back to Mangrol in Junagadh.\"Mangrol was my mother's hometown and after my father passed away when I was around two years old, we moved to Mangrol from the Bombay suburbs,\" he says. \"And though we were not a very religious family, I was greatly impressed by my grandmother's faith. After coming to America I have been fortunate enough to learn and practice true spirituality by associating with great people.\"Pandya was born in Jhulasan in Mehsana district, and his education and fate took him all over Gujarat as he pursued his dream of studying neurosciences. But it wasn't just his dream of becoming a neuroscientist that had Pandya travelling across the state - it was his need to discover and strengthen his belief in Gandhian principles and before that as a member of the RSS.\"The kindergarten my sister and I went to was run by a couple who were devoted followers of Mahatma Gandhi . And that is where I was first introduced the Mahatma's philosophy,\" 79-year-old Pandya recalls. In 1944, his brother and he joined the RSS while they were in high school.\"My life changed when Gandhi was assassinated in 1948 and the Congress blamed the RSS, banning the institution and preventing any further gatherings,\" says Pandya. \"We were never against any other religion and our leaders always emphasized the principle of the world being one big family. This was in tune with the Hindu philosophy and even with that of Gandhi. With this belief the RSS declared a civil disobedience movement throughout India which led to the government arresting thousands of RSS members and putting them in jail. I was one of them.\"Beginning with a month-long term in Sidhpur jail and eventually a five-month long term in Baroda Central Jail, Pandya feels it was the best thing that happened to him. \"I made many friends in the Baroda jail, some of them professors at Baroda College. We spent most of our time reading and discussing books.\" Everything, from the Gita to detailed accounts of Bapu's freedom movement was discussed,\" Pandya says. His jail time gave him true understanding of Bapu's ideas like truth, ahimsa and sarvodaya.\"If he (Gandhi) had been alive, India would have taken an entirely different course,\" Pandya adds. \"I indeed had a spiritual background from my mother, but the reading in jail along with discussions with the professors opened up a vista and created an appetite in me for spiritual knowledge and regard for social life.\"After graduating from medical school in Surat in 1957, Pandya was chosen for a one-year internship programme at Euclid General Hospital in Cleveland , Ohio and from then onwards, there was no looking back.In 1964, he joined the department of anatomy at Case Western Reserve University , as a postdoctoral fellow. He moved to Boston in 1966 and joined the Aphasia Research Center at the Boston Veterans Administration Medical Center, and the departments of anatomy and neurology at Boston University School of Medicine as an assistant professor.\"My career graph in medical sciences was dotted by many memorable experiences including my marriage to Bonnie, the birth of my three kids Jay, Dina and Sunita, and most importantly my struggle to renew my visa to continue staying in the US and my fight to gain citizenship in the country,\" remembers Pandya.Having completed his book called 'Fibre pathways of the brain' with Jeremy Schmahmann, Pandya has now retired and is focusing on his daughter Sunita's odyssey into space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726889", "title": "10bn units of power lost due to fuel shortage: FGI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Close to 43,000 MW of power projects have been affected due to coal shortage, Geeta Goradia, president of Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) said on Friday.\"It is difficult to comprehend the fact that the total capacities of power projects impacted by fuel issues are estimated at about 43,000 MW due to coal shortage in the country estimated at about 54 million tonne in 2012. This has caused a generation loss of almost 10 billion units in 2012,\" Goradia said during the inaugural function of National Electrical Summit 2012 at FGI Business Centre, Vadodara.The Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) and Society of Power Engineers ( SPE) along with Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd ( GETCO) as their knowledge partners organised the two-day summit.The summit will focus on renewable and alternative sources of energy like wind, solar, hydro, biomass and have discussion on generation, transmission, distribution, regulatory aspects and future challenges of Indian power sector.\"There is an urgent need to review the entire value chain of power sector in India and address challenges such as land acquisition, environmental clearances, fuel availability and security, project execution capabilities and infrastructure constraints,\" Goradia said.Speaking on the occasion, former Union power minister and MP Suresh Prabhu said that India should follow the footsteps of China in power sector. \"In China, companies which go for acquisition of natural assets, get all the required support from their government. Indian government should start providing such support to companies here,\" he said.Prabhu said that solar and wind energy would play a vital role in meeting country's growing power demand. He mentioned that 'Solar Club' - an idea initiated by chief minister Narendra Modi has been taken up at the national level.\"By October this year, it has been decided to form a solar club. India has solar radiation available for more than 300 days in a year. This will help in scaling down the solar energy cost,\" he said.Around 300 participants registered for the summit from across Rajasthan, Delhi, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Uttaranchal and Tamil Nadu. Companies like Adani Power, Essar Power, L&T; Infra and Lanco among others also participated in the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14727101", "title": "Man sets wife, 2 daughters on fire near Nagaur", "text": "AJMER: In an inhuman act, an alcoholic set his wife and two teenaged daughters on fire in a remote village of Merta town near Nagaur district on Friday afternoon. They died while undergoing treatment. The police have arrested the accused. The brutal act has taken the locals aback. Preliminary investigation revealed the accused was annoyed with his wife for giving birth to two girls, when he desired a son.According to Merta town police, Ramniwas, an unemployed labourer of Badgaon village was addicted to alcohol and had regular fights with his wife Saroj. To bring up her two girls, Suman (13) and Seema (14), Saroj started working in houses as a domestic help. \"Ramniwas always came home drunk and beat his wife and many times there used to be scars on her face and body when she went to work,\" the neighbours told police.According to police, Ramniwas on Friday noon came home drunk. \"He was in a bad mood and was started shouting and abusing his wife Saroj and daughters. Since it was a daily affair the neighbours did not pay heed to it,\" said a witness. \"Suman and Seema were frightened of their father as he physically abused and beat them,\" added the witness.Ramniwas, on coming home , started demanding money from Saroj which led to a severe fight between them, \"Saroj refused to give a rupee to him saying she had saved the money to purchase books for her daughters. Ramniwas started beating Saroj when she was working in the kitchen and in a fit of rage took the kerosene can and poured it over Saroj,\" added police.When Suman and Seema rushed to save their mother, Ramniwas threw kerosene on them, too, and then set all the three on fire. When the neighbours came to know of the incident they rushed to save the victims and took them to the hospital but by then they had already sustained 100% burns, \"We called the police and Ramniwas was arrested,\" said Dheeraj, a villager. \"We have arrested the accused and registered a case against him and sent the bodies for postmortem,\" said police.EomAjmer: In a sensational inhuman incident in a remote village of Merta city of nearby Nagaur district on Friday afternoon, a drunker put his wife and two minor girls on fire. Three of them died before reaching the hospital while police arrested the accused. The incident stirs the feelings of town and people were astonished by this brutal act. Preliminary it came out that accused was annoyed with his wife for giving birth of two girls.According to Merta city police, Ram Newas, a laborer of Bad gav village of the town was a drunker and always had fight with his wife Saroj. To cope up with upbringing of her two girls Suman (13) and Seema (14), she started domestic work. \"Ramniwas always came drunk and beat his wife and sometimes there were scar on her face when she went out to work\" said neighbors to police.According to police, Ramniwas today went out on work ad then return in noon drunk. \"He was not in good mood and was shouting and abusing badly to his wife Saroj and his daughters. Voices were coming out and people took it as daily routine\" said a witness to police. \"Suman and Seema were frightened with her father as they were even physical abuse and beat them\" said witness to police.When Ramniwas today return back, he started demanding money from his wife Saroj and there was big conflict between them, \"Saroj denied giving any rupee to him as she had collected to purchase books for school of her daughters. Ramniwas started beating Saroj and cam near the kitchen. Angry and burning with insult of not letting money to him, he took the cane of kerosene from kitchen and poured on Saroj\" added police.Suman and Seema rushed to save her mother and angry Ramniwas also put kerosene on them abusing them to be a girl. He then set three of them on fire. When nearby residents came to know about the incident they rushed to save the victim but they were almost hundred percent burnt, \"We called police and they arrested Ramniwas\" said Dheeraj of the village. \"We have registered a case and sent bodied for postmortem and also arrested the accused\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14726061", "title": "\u2018Take call on laughter club in 3 months\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday directed that an appropriate authority of the state government would decide on stopping the \"nuisance\" caused by a laughter club at Sheetal Talao in Kurla (W). This followed contradictory versions of the club's activities by the police and the petitioners.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice MridulaBhatkar was hearing a petition filed by a family of lawyers\u2014 advocates Vinayak Shirsat , his son Shreeram and daughter-in-law Deepti\u2014urging the court to end the \"nuisance\".At previous hearings, the judges had directed the Vinoba Bhave Nagar police to solve the problem. The Shirsats' petition had argued that from 7am, members of the Sheetal Jogging Association gather at a spot, \"sing and clap with bhajans, which are followed by vigorous spells of laughter\". They are followed by more people, it had been contended.Additional government pleader Aruna Pai told the court that activities of the laughter club had stopped. \"There is no nuisance as activities of the laughter club have stopped, along with the bhajan singing. Exercises are conducted 100 m away from the said place,\" said Pai. But Shirsats' advocate Veena Thadani countered this, saying: \"Some people still gather there and (activities of) the laughter club continues.\"Pai reiterated that the police had taken action and added that a notice had been issued to the club under Section 149 of the Criminal Procedure Code. But the judges pointed that the club's activities would not fall under the cognizable offence category.The judges said in view of the contradictory versions, it would be best if the police proceed under Section 133 of the CrPC before an appropriate authority of the state to stop the \"nuisance\". Under this section, the police prepare a report and send it to an authorized official, such as the divisional magistrate/collector or a subdivisional officer, to initiate proceedings for \"removal of nuisance\".Disposing of the petition, the judges directed that a police officer should prepare the report and send it to the authorized official, who would conduct the proceedings. After hearing all parties concerned, the official would pass a suitable order within three months.They clarified that just because directions had been issued under Section 133 of the CrPC, it did not mean that the police would not take action against the club if the \"nuisance\" continued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14727401", "title": "Magadh University Teachers\u2019 Association stir from next week", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University Teachers' Association (MUTA) has decided to launch agitation from the second week of this month to protest the education department's directive which makes it mandatory for teachers to submit a daily report to the department about classes engaged by them.The agitation would continue if the education department did not withdraw its directive, said MUTA president A K Singh Thakur.According to Thakur, teachers of most of the MU colleges have been submitting monthly progress report for a long time. There is no need for submitting daily report about classes engaged by teachers at both degree and postgraduate level. Besides, the students' attendance registers are also records of the classes engaged by the teachers, he said. Former MU senator V D Singh described the government directive as unfair and unconstitutional and demanded its immediate withdrawal to maintain democratic values in the university.Remedial course: RSLY College, Bakhtiarpur, has launched UGC-sponsored remedial courses in the college to benefit poor students. The UGC has given about Rs1.66 lakh for poor students attending remedial courses. The college has given Rs1,850 per candidate under the scheme, said college principal P K Verma.Vocational courses: RSLY College, Bakhtiarpur, is likely to start Bachelor in Library Science course from the current academic session.The college is already running two major vocational courses in Bachelor in Computer Science and Bachelor in Business Management to cater to the needs of students, according to the college principal.Spoken English: B D College has decided to start a six-month spoken English course from next month. The college will give 'certificate of proficiency' to each student on completion of the course, said college principal B N Ojha.According to Ojha, the college which has already introduced Honours level vocational course in functional English, will soon set up a language laboratory to fulfil the needs of students.A proposal to this effect is being prepared by college to send it to the UGC for its approval, he said.Teachers' salary not paid: MU college teachers have not been paid their salary for the last four months causing great hardships to them.They urged the government to expedite the payment of their salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726407", "title": "Will rains quench Roza's thirst?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Sufi saint at Sarkhej Roza had just one question - when would the rain quench the Roza's thirst. Promises followed, and the first storm water pipelines were laid, but the plan now seems to have been tied up in files. The dry tank requires at least 15 crore litres of water to be restored to the way it was meant to be. A dirty domestic drain that trickles into the tank is currently the only water source.AMC and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) had laid storm water lines on both east and the west of the tank. One line directed rain water from the catchment area between SG Highway and the Roza, while another, laid by the AMC, directed water from Srinandnagar to the tank. The tank is 217m long, 213m wide and used to have at least five metres of water perennially.Rainwater from the surrounding areas stopped pouring into the tank as residential colonies and shopping complexes spawned around 2007 and blocked the natural flow of the water. AMC last year finally laid underground storm water lines 1,600mm and 900mm wide to divert rainwater from Makarba village and Shrinandnagar into the tank.\"The AUDA storm water line has been the struck off as the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) was concerned that the line may damage the protected monument. We suggested that the AUDA line could be dug from under and open into the tank. The inlet, once submerged would not be visible,\" says a senior AMC officer. Another way suggested was have outlets of storm water drains end just outside the Roza tank and a ramp to direct the water into the tank. Today authorities are just pinning hopes on the water spilling from the adjacent Makarba lake to fill the tank to a certain extent. \"There has been excessive illegal sand mining in the Makarba lake, which had led to its deepening,\" the officer adds.The Roza was built at the cost of nine lakh tankas - the local currency then. It was here that Sufi saint Sheikh Ahmed Khattu Ganj Baksh inspired Ahmedabad's founder Ahmed Shah to build a city on the banks of the Sabarmati, 600 years ago. Today storm water from surrounding areas had stopped pouring into the tank as residential colonies and shopping complexes spawned around the Roza in 2007 and blocked the flow of the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725963", "title": "Relics at Metro site are from Mughal era: Archaeological Survey of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after some people claimed that remains of the Shahjahan-era Akbarabadi Masjid had been unearthed near Subhash Park, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) experts said the findings were definitely from the Mughal period but further analysis was needed to determine whether they were remains of the mosque in question.Superintending archaeologist Dr DN Dimri, who inspected the site along with a team of experts, said a report would be submitted to ASI director general Gautam Sengupta. \"There is no doubt the structures date to the Mughal period. The wall is made of stone masonry that runs in the north direction with a height of 2.5m. Artefacts like glazed potteries and Chinese porcelain have been discovered,\" he said. Experts said the use of lime mortar and rubble masonry was evidence of the origins of the findings. However, they were not sure of the structure's use. \"It could be a part of the mosque or another Mughal structure that was demolished by the British in 1857,\" said an ASI official.Sengupta said ASI would decide its course of action after receiving the report from its Delhi circle team. \"The entire area has to be excavated and explored thoroughly to know the exact nature of the findings. We don't have any hard evidence of Akbarabadi Masjid to be able to compare the findings, though it is well documented that the mosque was located at the site of discovery. Equally, it could be another structure from the same era. The British destroyed several structures to level the ground around Jama Masjid,\" said an official.Although ASI has powers under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010 to take over any site which has confirmed evidence of historical remains, it could face resistance in the present case as Jama Masjid is not a protected monument and the locals might not approve of its taking ownership of the remains.MLA Shoaib Iqbal, who raised the issue based on a TOI report of May 25, 2011, said people would not allow ASI to take over the site. \"We will rebuild the mosque at the same site. It's not just a masjid that makes the area so crucial to Delhi's history; a number of freedom fighters had assembled here in 1857 and the historical importance of the area needs to be acknowledged,\" he said.ASI's confirmation that the ruins were from the Mughal era would also be a huge setback to Delhi Metro, which had marked the area for building the Jama Masjid Metro station. Conservationists said it was well known that the area was archaeologically very rich and questioned the basis of the state-level competent authority's approval to DMRC.Built by one of the wives of Shahjahan, Bibi Akbarabadi, the mosque was situated in the Netaji Subhash Park area, near Jama Masjid, and is considered the twin of Fatehpuri Masjid in Chandni Chowk. The mosque was destroyed by the British in 1857 because a large group of freedom fighters had assembled there during the uprising. Plans to excavate the remains of the mosque have been afloat for years and were initially part of the MCD's Jama Masjid redevelopment plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14725289", "title": "It's Williams vs willpower", "text": "LONDON: What do you do with a serve like Serena's? The 30-year-old Williams' serve has been the topic of much discussion in the women's locker room this fortnight. Not that many answers have emerged, but Victoria Azarenka made a brave attempt in the Wimbledon semifinals, where the Belarusian swung at everything she could.World no. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska , playing her first Grand Slam final, will be presented with that all-powering question in the women's singles final at the All England Club on Saturday.Radwanska, who has lost to Serena on the two occasions she has played her, said, \"She's a tough opponent, she hits the ball well and of course she's plays great on grass. I am just going to try and mix it up. Every match is different, so I'll see how it goes, how it's going to be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726870", "title": "Realtor admits to undisclosed income of Rs 68 cr", "text": "VADODARA: The income tax (I-T) raids conducted on a Godhra-based realtor may well become one of the largest catch ever for the department in the city. I-T officials said that the realtor has already admitted to tax evasion on income of Rs 68 crore. And, the tax evasion amount may go up substantially in coming days. The I-T officials said that they have seized voluminous documents and papers from the offices of the realtor who also dabbled in other businesses.The raid was conducted at 53 places including the offices of the realtor and his associates in three districts of Gujarat and in Mumbai. The raids began on July 3 and concluded on Thursday evening. \"The realtor has admitted to undisclosed income of Rs 68 crore as of now. Also, we have seized cash worth Rs 51 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 68 lakh. The amount of disclosure may go up substantially as we are yet to examine the documents seized from the offices,\" said an I-T official.The I-T sleuths have also sealed 28 bank lockers of the realtor and his associates in Godhra. The lockers that are yet to be opened may bring out much more unrevealed income or assets. \"The undisclosed income may well surpass Rs 100 crore-mark in coming days and it may become one of the biggest catch in the city,\" the official added. Most of the undisclosed income is from the real estate business in Vadodara.The realtor had started as an employee of a fair price shop in Godhra and later he got licence to start his own fair price shop (FPS). He then got licences to open FPS in the names of his relatives and associates. He later dabbled into real estate business and is also distributor for a branded shoe company in Gujarat.I-T officials said that they will open the bank lockers next week and may again conduct searches in Godhra. About 150 I-T department officials had taken part in the raids that were conducted at three premises in Vadodara including Manjalpur and O P Road and on Bamroli Road and Panjrapole in Godhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14727565", "title": "Monsoon middle order holds key", "text": "NEW DELHI: If openers fail to score, the middle order is there to save the day. That's how P Sivananda Pai, India's leading monsoon forecaster, described the situation after rains failed in June. With the 'middle overs' on, and a rain deficit of 28% to make up, the next two weeks would be decisive in this year's monsoon performance.\"If monsoon is not up and active by July 20, there's little chance of it turning vigorous later. So, this period is crucial,\" a monsoon expert said. There was some reason to cheer as the monsoon line finally moved towards parched northwest India after standing still for days, and central India too got good rain in the past few days.Forecasters said the next 10 days could see good monsoon activity, as a pressure disturbance in the tropics - called Madden-Julian oscillation (MJO) - develops in a cyclonic phase. \"MJO adds moisture to the monsoon. Though the current one is weak, it would still help rains in India,\" said the expert.Still, worries continue to loom over monsoon's overall performance. A major uncertainty is the likelihood of El Nino setting in. El Nino is the name given to unusual warming of the equatorial Pacific Ocean that's often linked to bad monsoons.Though neutral conditions prevail now, the Pacific is warming up and there are signs that it may reach El Nino thresholds earlier than expected. The July 3 update of the Australian Weather Bureau says climate models show that the tropical Pacific may approach or exceed El Nino thresholds between mid-July and September.The bureau's previous June 17 update had talked of the likelihood of El Nino appearing late winter. \"There are indications that El Nino could set in earlier,\" said a scientist at the ministry of earth sciences. \"It may or may not affect monsoon but there's is certainly a worry.\"The scientist said already the warming of the Pacific could have played a part in depressing rains. \"In the past month, four-five storms and typhoons have hit South China Sea and neighbouring Pacific Ocean areas, taking away energy away from the monsoon. These storms are linked to warming of the Pacific,\" he said. IMD's forecast of 96% rainfall for the season rests on normal rains during the main monsoon months of July and August. The bad start has made it all the more crucial that the 'rain-rate' does not drop in the middle overs.Why Farm Focus?Agriculture remains the lifeline of 21st century India. This is why...* Agriculture and allied activities account for 19% of the GDP* Employs over half the country's total workforce* Farm produce is 11% of exports* Farm sector provides raw material to industry* Good harvest means disposable income for a large population * Farmers have more to spend* Cheaper food means city dwellers have more money to spend and save* This spurs demand, industry gains* Textile, sugar mills, breweries directly depend on farm produceField Reports: How States Are FaringKarnataka:Kharif crops sown on about 16 lakh ha (till June 30), down from 25.59lakh ha same time in 2011Rice sown on 1 lakh ha, down from 1.7lakh ha same time last yearAll major crops below normal: Cereals 43%, pulses 53% oilseeds down 37 %Rain deficit 37%. Foodgrain produce to be hit nearly 30%Uttar Pradesh:Kharif crops sown on 6.3lakh ha, down from 15lakh ha July 2011Rice sown on 2lakh ha, down from 7.8lakh ha same time last yearRice worst hit, other kharif crops manageableMonsoon hit 18 days late. June rain 85% below normalIf July rainfall remains less than normal, paddy yield may be down by 15-20 %Bihar :Rice planted on 2.1lakh ha, 74% of target. Same time in 2011, paddy had been sown on 2.8lakh haMaize sown in 71,089ha this year, it was 1.8lakh ha in 2011 Current rain deficit 47% Paddy transplantation delayed, but with improved monsoon, delay not expected to impact overall productionMadhya Pradesh:Kharif crops sown on 9.4lakh ha, down from 35.5lakh ha same time last year Rainfall deficit 41% Since sowing goes on up to July 15 and monsoon has covered whole state, output not expected to be affectedMaharashtra:37.4 lakh ha so far under kharif cultivationRain deficit is 40-60 %Rice, soya and groundnut production worst hitChhattisgarh:Kharif crops sown on 9lakh ha, on par with last yearRice, state's main crop, sown on 8lakh haRainfall deficit 25%, but monsoon improvingOutput not expected to be affected", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14726013", "title": "SC order not a reprieve for Mayawati: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Friday reacted to the Supreme Court judgement involving BSP chief Mayawati , saying it should not be seen as reprieve for the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister.\"The Supreme Court judgement today should not be construed as an integrity certificate to Mayawatiji. The irregularity of the Taj corridor case remains, and all those involved including all those who patronized the matter, need to be taken to the logical conclusion,\" party's chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, reacting to the judegment delivered on Friday.Critical of the role played by CBI in the matter, Prasad said, \"as far as the disproportionate assets case of Mayawatiji is concerned, CBI deliberately did a bad job under political influence to give political support.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14725285", "title": "Water stopped from flowing into Kali Bein", "text": "JALANDHAR: While the paddy season is on, farmers having land along the historic Kali Bein are finding it difficult to irrigate their fields with water being stopped from flowing into the river from Mukerian hydel channel.Officials in the drainage department though confirming that water was stopped on Thursday after orders from \"above\", they remained tightlipped about the reasons behind the move. On condition of anonymity, they admitted that there was no cogent reason to stop release of water in the Bein. But it is learnt that some people have built pressure on politicians for their own vested interests to get the water stopped.\"They threatened that otherwise they would not support the ruling alliance and blackmailed the political establishment into stopping the water. These few people want direct access to their lands through the Bein in place of going across the bridge, which is at a distance and built pressure on SAD-BJP leaders,\" said an official source.Even local SAD leaders are miffed at stopping of the water. \"Farmers had been pumping water from the Bein directly into their fields, desperately requiring water to save the paddy crop,\" said Dilbag Singh of village Budho Barkat, who is also vice-president of SAD Dasuya circle.Rajinder Singh, a resident of Navin Abadi Galowal and chairman of local PIDB Bank, said that it was a double blow for farmers as water had been stopped when they needed it the most. \"Water level has gone down and the Bein water had been helping maintain the underground water table on which tubeless are running,\" he said.Environmentalist Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal, who had led the volunteer effort to rejuvenate the Bein, said that it was unfortunate that fresh water flow into the Bein had been stopped. \"Apart from farming needs, fish in the Kanjhli wetland and along the rest of the course of the Bein would also die for want of fresh water,' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "east midnapore", "code": "14726726", "title": "Seth in CPM\u2019s E Midnapore district secretariat", "text": "EAST MIDNAPORE: The East Midnapore CPM's new district secretariat was formed on Friday. Lakshman Seth, Tamalika Panda Seth, Asok Guriya, Amiya Shaw and Pranab Das, who were the members of the previous secretariat, were retained. Three of them \u2014 Lakshman Seth, Asok Guriya and Amiya Shaw \u2014 are still in jail. Local CPM leadership said the jailed leaders have been retained, as they think they are innocent.Meanwhile, Pranab Das, who was close to Lakshman Seth, was arrested on Friday in connection with a Trinamool leader murder attempt case. A complaint was lodged on June 24 at Haldia police station against 12 persons for allegedly beating up TMC leader Seikh Saidul who had to be hospitalized. Das was arrested from the Haldia party office. He was remanded in three days judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726655", "title": "Bill circulated without governor consent", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government came under sharp criticism following the circulation of West Bengal College Service Commission Bill 2012 in the state assembly without the consent of Governor M K Narayanan. The bill proposes to allow the state remove the commission chairperson on grounds of non-performance.However, the opposition was quick to react and the bill, which was listed to be introduced on Friday, was hurriedly dropped from the day's proceedings.Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said, \"The government is in undue hurry. The convention is to circulate any bill after all the approvals are in place. How can a bill be circulated to which the governor is yet to give his consent? The bill was slated to be introduced on Friday. However, we find that it was missing from the day's schedule. I have been saying repeatedly that this government is turning a blind eye to parliamentary rules and procedures.\"However, Speaker Biman Banerjee argued, \"When was the bill introduced in the assembly? Mere circulation doesn't mean tabling it in the assembly. A bill is introduced only after it has the governor's consent.\"This isn't the first such incident in the state assembly. The West Bengal Land Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill 2011 was similarly circulated among the MLAs on December 22 last year. But unlike today, the Land Bill wasn't listed.The bill aims to make amends to the College Service Commission Bill, 2008. \"The post of chairman is not above question. The government is introducing a clause for his removal not only on grounds of insanity but also because of non-performance. A performance audit of the chairperson is what is envisaged in the amendment,\" a higher education official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14727624", "title": "Rush for solar projects in Tamil Nadu spurs mega land deals", "text": "CHENNAI: Investors are recreating the oil rush of a century ago, only this time they are descending with fistfulls of cash on dustbowls and barren tracts in Tamil Nadu's districts like Cuddalore, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin, hoping to make big bucks from the harsh sun that shrivels crops and makes these areas almost completely inhospitable.With the government set to roll out an exclusive solar power policy in a month, there is a mad scramble for land. Buyers are ready to purchase more than 1,000 acres in a single deal to set up solar farms in Cuddalore, Tirunelveli and other barren areas, say industry sources. Tamil Nadu has a high average solar energy incidence and number of sunshine hours per year. The new policy is likely to incentivise investments in solar power generation, as in Gujarat.The scramble for land has resulted in a huge rise in revenue from property registration in the first quarter of this fiscal. Officials say there has been increase of more than 50% in registration revenue in Cuddalore and Tirunelveli over the corresponding period last year. Chennai, by comparison, registered an increase of barely 4% this quarter.Nathan S, a realtor in Tirunelveli, says he is in the process of identifying large land holdings in these districts. \"Many high networth individuals and companies have approached me for land to set up solar power farms,\" he said.Land costs 3 lakh to 4 lakh per acre in Tirunelveli district, but is cheaper in the Tuticorin and Ramanathapuram districts.Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India governing council member N Nandakumar said that the surge in revenue collection in Cuddalore , Villupuram and Vellore belt has been mainly due to industrial activity. \"Industrial units and corporates are in expansion mode and are buying vast tracts of land in barren areas,\" he said. There has been a huge spike in demand for land in districts like Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Ramanathapuram.Operating solar power farms has been expensive so far, with solar panels costing 12 crore per MW.However,with Gujarat setting up massive solar power farms and Chinese solar panel manufacturers entering the fray , the cost of equipment has fallen drastically to 8 crore per MW. Industry sources said around five acres is needed to generate 1MW of electricity.Investors are betting that the state's new policy will make generation of solar power, both for use and for sale, a viable option. High power consumers in the state are also exploring the option of investing in solar farms to slash their power bills. \"Though solar power is a costly source of energy , government incentives could make it an attractive investment option,\" an official said. An official said the increase in land registrations fetched the state 1,578 crore in the first quarter, an astonishing jump from 229 crore in the corresponding period last year. Estimates reveal that Cuddalore and Tirunelveli regions top the list with a rise in registration revenue of 68 % and 55% respectively .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14732907", "title": "Man gets life term for burning wife t0 death", "text": "AURANGABAD: A catering company worker Ajay Prabhakar Dandage (26) was recently sentenced to life imprisonment for burning his wife to death in February 2012. The additional session judge S R Kadam however acquitted Ajay's mother Sujata and sister Anjali Karat for want of sufficient evidence.According to the prosecution, Ajay, a resident of Ramanagar Kranti Chowk, Aurangabad, married Rekha in September 2010. At the time of marriage he was given Rs 10,000 cash as dowry. Rekha's father had then promised to pay Rs 5000 more to Ajay at a later date.However, soon after the marriage Ajay started harassing Rekha for remaining sum of Rs 5000. Rekha didn't ask her father as his financial condition was poor and he could not arrange the sum. Apart from Ajay, his mother and sister too harassed Rekha.Around 2 pm on February 2, 2011, Ajay and his relatives picked up a quarrel with Rekha. Ajay brutally beat her up after being instigated by his mother and the sister. Later, in a fit of rage, he poured kerosene on Rekha and set her afire, and escaped from the scene. The neighbours rushed her to the government medical college and hospital, Aurangabad with 90% burns.She died two days after being admitted to the hospital. However, she had already narrated the sequence of events in her dying declaration. Osmanpura police arrested Ajay and his relatives and filed a chargesheet in the court. Following the arguments on July 5, additional sessions judge Kadam, sentenced Ajay to life imprisonment and acquitted his mother and sister for insufficient evidence against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725415", "title": "Sharad Pawar backs Tatkare after Konkan victory", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar has come out in support of Sunil Tatkare, the state water resources minister, who is in the eye of a storm following charges of graft levelled against him by BJP leader Kirit Somaiya .Pawar slammed the senior BJP functionary for targeting Tatkare.Without mentioning Somaiya by name, the NCP chief said, \"There are some leaders who are in the habit of making baseless statements against our ministers. We do not give any importance to such malicious allegations.\" \"The NCP's victory in the election to the Maharashtra legislative council from the Konkan graduates' constituency is an indication that the educated voter does not give any credence to the baseless charges of graft levelled against Tatkare,\" Pawar added.NCP leader Vasant Davkhare's son, Niranjan, trounced BJP's veteran Sanjay Kelkar in the Konkan graduates' constituency early this week.By throwing his weight behind the Raigad strongman, Pawar has given ample indications to partymen to stand firmly behind the controversial minister in the run-up to the state legislature's monsoon session, which begins on July 9. Tatkare is said to be close to the Pawars. Deputy CM Ajit Pawar too has come out in support of the state water resources minister.The opposition was planning to gun for Tatkare in the key Assembly session, said political observers. Meanwhile, Somaiya led a delegation of party legislators to governor K Sankaranarayanan on Friday to demand Tatkare's ouster from the state cabinet. Talking to mediapersons after meeting the governor, Somaiya said he had submitted \"ample and incontrovertible\" evidence against Tatkare. \"The Democratic Front government should not shield Tatkare by flouting the norms,\" the former BJP MP said.\"We will move court in the matter if the NCP minister is not sacked within a month. We want an independent probe into the matter,\" he added. Somaiya had accused the NCP minister of amassing disproportionate assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14726956", "title": "Stung Mamata hits back at P Chidambaram", "text": "KOLKATA: P Chidambaram's concern on the \"culture of violence\" in Bengal sparked a terse response on Friday from chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who wrote to the home minister with her own set of facts and figures to counter his claim on the number of deaths in the state. The confrontation was reminiscent of the 'letter war' between Chidamabaram and former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee last year over the presence of armed CPM cadres in the state.Mamata fished out figures she had placed in the assembly to say only five political killings had taken place in the state this year as opposed to Chidambaram's figure of 82 (though the home minister hadn't mentioned 'political violence' as the reason for all the deaths). Mamata also asked Chidambaram what had prompted him to make such a claim when law and order was a state subject.It's the first time since allying with the Congress that Mamata has taken on the Centre in such a manner, leaving little room for a rapprochement between the two allies. \"What is the basis of the figures cited by Chidambaram? Where did he get it from? I had given a statement in the state assembly that there have been five political murders in Bengal, three from Trinamool, one CPM and another person. We understand everything - this is a conspiracy,\" a senior state minister said, quoting the CM.Unfazed with Mamata's defiance, the Centre instead hit her where it hurts her most by retaining the government's role in acquiring land for private companies that the Trinamool chief has been opposing since the Singur movement in 2007.While state panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee reiterated the conspiracy theory, Pradesh Congress spokesperson Abdul Mannan said, \"Mamata has been speaking against the Centre because of frustration that her master stroke against the Congress leadership on the presidential election failed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14730382", "title": "\"Marks gifting\" move by Kerala varsity sparks row", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A move by Calicut University in Kerala to enhance the moderation mark upto 20 for final year engineering students who fail in one paper has sparked a row with the pro-Left student outfits dubbing it as another instance of \"mismanagement\" of higer education.According to sources, the controversial order issued by the standing committee of the university syndicate suggested upto 20 marks could be given to those final year B.Tech students in case they scored less than the pass mark in only one of the papers they attempted.Reacting to reports in this regard, left student outfits contended this would mean that a student who had just scored 20 out of 100 marks could get through the examination securing 40 marks through moderation.The \"mark gifting\" controversy has surfaced close on the heels of the Kerala high court expressing concern over the standard of enginineering courses in self-financing colleges.The CPI-M led LDF opposition on Friday staged a walk out in the state assembly accusing the UDF Government of taking the high court order lightly.Chief minister Oommen Chandy and education minister P K Abdu Rabb, however, assured the House that government would adhere to the court directions and take steps to ensure that infrastructure and faculty in private professional colleges were of high-quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14725729", "title": "India rally to hold Spain in hockey Test", "text": "BANGALORE: India held hosts Spain to a 3-3 draw in the first hockey Test at La Albericia in Santander on Thursday.SK Uthappa scored in the 62nd minute to nullify a 3-2 advantage that the hosts had enjoyed till then. It was a fitting finish to an exciting match in which India, ranked 10th in the world, trailed twice but bounced back in style.With a bit of luck the visitors could have even upstaged the Spaniards. But experienced Spanish goalkeeper Francisco Cortes made at least five brilliant saves in the final 10 minutes to deny them. Cortes also saved drag flicks by VR Raghunath and Sandeep Singh.India adapted well to the blue turf and opened the account through forward Tushar Khandker who deflected home a cross from SV Sunil in the 11 minute. But Eduardo Tubau restored parity off David Alegre in the 24th minute.Spain went ahead seven minutes later when Sergi Enrique scored off a penalty stroke. But two minutes later, Gurwinder Singh Chandi made it 2-2 with a fine reverse flick off a rebound from Cortes' pads.Spain took the lead again in the 59th through Tubau but soon, Uthappa saw to it that the teams trooped out with honours even.India and Spain play the second Test on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14727308", "title": "Dream to race in GT1 in India: Patel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aditya Patel is a man on the move. The young Chennai driver impressed on his run in the single-seater car during the second round of the JK Racing Asia at the Paul Ricard Circuit in Le Castellet, France last weekend.Patel, who competed in race as a guest driver for the Euro International, has now shifted focus to performing for Audi in the touring car series. \"This is a one-off opportunity which JK has provided me. My focus is performing for Audi in the VLN Endurance series in Germany,\" Patel told TOI in Le Castellet, France.The 18-year-old started racing in 2000 in a local karting event and in a year's time was crowned the JK Tyre national karting champion. \"The arrival of Formula One in the country has definitely done a lot for motorsports. Now GT1 series is also set to host the final race of the season in December at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida. So I expect touring car race to catch the people's fancy as well,\" the Chennai driver said.Patel's impressive run in France though have made him a contender for another guest run in JK Racing Asia series, which will head to Spa-Francorchamps for their second European round this year. \"We are talking about another possible run but I can't commit to them yet. If the race clashes with any on the Audi calendar I'll have to pick them,\" he said.On a possible Indian debut at the GT1 series finale, he said, \"That is a real dream of mine to race tour cars in my home country. But that is still some way away. If I can put in some consistent rounds in the next few races for Audi, who knows how things might turn out,\" Patel, who has a three-year deal with Audi, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14726230", "title": "President poll no cakewalk for Cong: Sangma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress will not have a cakewalk in the election to the top constitutional post of the country, presidential candidate P A Sangma said here on Friday even as he hit out at UPA's candidate Pranab Mukherjee for refusing a debate. Sangma was in the city to campaign for the July 19 presidential polls.\"India should have a President, who is not blind, dumb and deaf. India should have a thinking and a functional president,\" Sangma said, talking to mediapersons.Sangma claimed that Mukherjee was ready for a debate with him, but the Congress rejected the idea. \"Pranab Mukherjee said that what is there to debate for the post of President, as he has to follow the policy decision taken by the council of ministers headed by the prime minister. What he meant is that President is a rubber stamp post,\" Sangma said. Chief minister Narendra Modi , who shared the stage with Sangma at the function, said Sangma was a \"spotless leader\" and a \"great Speaker of the Lok Sabha \".Sangma also urged all the tribal MPs and MLAs in the country along with SC, ST, OBC and minority-elected representatives to support his candidature cutting across the party-lines.Earlier, Sangma visited Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram.Sangma, who was accompanied by his son, later went to Gandhinagar and addressed a meeting of BJP MPs and MLAs to seek their support for his presidential candidature.He will be meeting the Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath on Saturday to complain against the returning officer's order rejecting his demand for disqualifying Mukherjee's candidature on the ground that the latter held an Office of Profit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726167", "title": "Furtado holds orientation camp for panch members", "text": "MARGAO: In a move that was well received, Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado on Friday organized a day-long orientation camp on government schemes for all the elected panch members from the five panchayats in his constituency, which was attended by the heads of various government departments.Chief town planner S T Puttaraju, representatives from the directorate of health services, fire and emergency services, Margao town police, animal husbandry and veterinary services, craftsmanship and training, department of agriculture and other government agencies made presentations.Puttaraju explained about the Goa Land Development Building Construction Regulations, 2010, and other such formalities regarding the Town and Country Planning department ( TCP ). Tulshidas Desai from the Davlorim-Dicarpale panchayat proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727894", "title": "SCERT prepares Gujarati textbooks with Gujarati as medium of instruction", "text": "KOCHI: State Council for Educational Research and Training (SCERT) has prepared Gujarati textbooks for schools in the state where medium of instruction in Gujarati.There are two schools where Gujarati is taught as a mother tongue in the state. In the past, the textbooks for these schools were supplied by Gujarat government. But this year, SCERT in collaboration with the subject teachers would be bringing out textbooks in Gujarati for classes VIII, IX and X.\"The curriculum steering committee has already approved it and we are in the process of preparing the textbooks in Gujarati\", said SCERT director KA Hashim.SCERT is entrusted with the task of preparing textbooks as per the prescribed state syllabus. SCERT has recently published the text books prepared for students studying in CBSE and ICSE schools in the state from class I to IV. They will also be conducting training for teachers based on the new text books. The government had made Malayalam education compulsory in all schools in the state from the next academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14725970", "title": "Clamour for more funds marks DPC meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The district planning committee meeting held on Friday was marked by MLAs cutting across party-lines expressing displeasure over the state government's failure to hike budgetary allocation for Nagpur over what it got last year. The state has maintained Nagpur's share at Rs160 crore despite an overall increase in budget 2012-13 by Rs630.50 crore on allocation towards district plans.The meeting held at Bachat Bhavan at the collectorate witnessed some heated debate when all MLAs agreed that looking at the special status of Nagpur as second capital and its growing population and infrastructure needs, the district deserved a better deal. Guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe tried to pacify them by stressing that last year the district was given a special grant because of which its plan size grew from the earlier Rs117crore to Rs160 crore and that amount was maintained this year.When the legislators insisted that the district should claim proportionate hike from the budgetary increase this year on the head, Moghe and minister of state for finance and planning Rajendra Mulak assured the meeting to arrange for a special meeting on the issue in Mumbai during the upcoming monsoon session of the state legislature. All legislators from the district would be invited for the meeting to put their views before the finance secretary, it was decided.Earlier, the meeting unanimously approved the expenditure accounts for the financial ending March 2012. Of the total budget last fiscal, funds to the tune of 99.23% were expended. For the current fiscal, plans were revised till May and submitted to the government. The district has already received Rs102.96 crore through electronic transfer and the funds are being disbursed, district collector Saurabh Rao informed the meeting.Disbursement of crop loans, upgradation of Indira Gandhi Medical College, alleged cases of corruption in EGS works, slum development, situation of kharif crop and threat of resowing were the issues that came up for discussion. Moghe later told reporters that of the Rs520 crore target, Rs446 crore or 86% were already disbursed and the nationalized banks which normally completed the process by July end would achieve the target. He said rainfall deficiency in the district was to the tune of 30 to 40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "14727571", "title": "Banker Jugraj says \u2018cheers\u2019 to retirement", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Retirement is not a time to step down from a responsibility with a heavy heart but an opportunity to celebrate the success achieved so far and start the new life with aplomb. This is what Model Town resident Jugraj Singh proved after retiring from his 38-year long service as a banker. Singh organized a gala party for family and friends on Friday.Jugraj had started working with Punjab And Sindh Bank in October, 1974. \"I am happy and excited to start a new phase of my life, where I will spend my time with family and society, doing some social work simultaneously. I am also contemplating the idea of starting a restaurant as I love cooking and eating,\" says 60-year-old Jugraj.The first day after retirement began with a visit to Gurdwara Singh Sabha near his house with his family. He paid obeisance and prayed for his success in the time to come. The evening witnessed a special cocktail party at a Dugri Road-based hotel, where Jugraj's family and friends enjoyed themselves and wished him a happy retired life while the retired man danced with friends. His childhood friend Ashok Suri, who came all the way from Jhansi to attend this retirement party, says, \"I would have missed a lot had I not made it to Jugraj's party. It was amazing to meet a few other old friends who came from Delhi and other parts of Punjab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725281", "title": "Rejig in IAS ranks; officer seeks voluntary retirement scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: Yet another IAS officer of Maharashtra cadre, Subrat Ratho, has opted for the voluntary retirement scheme (VRS). In a July 2 letter to chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, Ratho, an officer of 1986 batch, has offered to quit and set October 12 as deadline for the government to take a final decision on his offer. Meanwhile, Ratho, who was posted as MahaGenco managing director, was transferred to the general administration department on Friday.Banthia confirmed the development and stated that all efforts would be made to talk Ratho out of his decision. \"We will try to persuade him to withdraw his VRS application and continue to be part of the government. If he still insists, we will forward the request to the Centre to take a final call,\" Banthia added.Former additional municipal commissioner, Ratho's move to opt for VRS will make matters difficult for the government in view of the shortage of civil servants in the state administration. A number of IAS officers have taken VRS and joined the private sector for \"better prospects\".Meanwhile, other officers transferred include Samir Kumar Biswas, who will now take over as CEO of the Dharavi rehabilitation project. Niranjan Kumar Sudhanshu and Mohan Thombre were transferred to the slum board and Mumbai Repairs and Reconstruction Board respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14726468", "title": "Plea to lay Gail pipeline outside of farm land", "text": "COIMBATORE: Member of Parliament PR Natarajan has written to Union minister of petroleum and natural gas, Jaipal Reddy , bringing to his attention the plight of farmers in Western Tamil Nadu due to the proposed laying of a natural gas pipeline by the Gas Authority of India (GAIL). In his representation to the minister, Natarajan said he was writing as chairman of the Tamil Nadu Farmers' Livelihood Protection Group. He expressed his concerns over laying of the pipeline through farmers' lands and suggested alternatives including the laying of pipelines alongside national highways, railway lines and river beds.Following are the points made by the MP in his letter:Farmers with just one or two acres of land would lose their earnings since parts of the land would have to be spared for use by Gail for laying pipe lines. The concept of right of use of land is an indirect way of land acquisition, the MP said. Land market value which is high in these areas would drastically come down and there will be no takers. The suicide ratio of farmers which is currently low in the state would increase dramatically, he said.Agriculture, which is already in the doldrums would throw farmers out of gear, he said. Undivided family farmers facing legal problems, farmers tending to long term crops would be disassociated, the MP said.Natarajan asked the minister to devote his serious attention on the matter andtake steps to implement alternative proposals such as laying the pipeline along highways or railway tracks. This would allow poor agricultural families to practice farming without any interference, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "14725366", "title": "Students fall ill after lunch", "text": "ADILABAD: About 35 students fell sick after having mid-day meal in a Narsapur (W) primary school in Laxmanachanda mandal on Friday. According to the authorities, students complained of stomach ache and started vomiting after having lunch. tnnSchool authorities suspect that students became ill after they consumed the sambar into which a lizard had fallen while it was being prepared for the mid-day meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727248", "title": "Changes in tatkal booking system", "text": "MANGALORE: With effect from July 10, booking of tatkal tickets will start at 10am on the previous day of journey instead of 8am at present. The pattern of working of reservation offices for issuing tatkal tickets in Palakkad division will be as follows: At Palakkad junction, Palakkad town, Kozhikkode, Thalassery, Kannur and Mangalore central stations one counter will be earmarked exclusively for issuing tatkal tickets from 10am and 11am.At Kozhikkode station tatkal tickets will be issued without tokens between 10am and 11am. At Ottappalam, Shoranur , Angadipuram, Tirur, Ferok, Kozhikkode satellite centre, Wayanad, Malappuram, Vadakara, Mahe, Payyannur, Kanhangad, Kasargod, Mangalore satellite reservation centre, Mangalore junction and Pollachi stations, where only one counter is available, separate queues will be formed for tatkal bookings .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14726050", "title": "Kochi to Goa: Cycling for a cause", "text": "MARGAO: Cycling from Kochi to Goa, green activist from Kerala, Saju Depalan visited a few colleges in Goa to spread awareness about the need to protect and conserve the environment on the occasion of world environment day observed on June 5.While addressing mediapersons in Margao on Friday, Depalan said that his journey to Goa was coordinated by the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF) under the banner 'spreading awareness on environment and conservation to schools and colleges'.\"The main of my expedition and cycling during the monsoon is to create awareness about the environment its importance,\" Depalan said.\"I have received a positive feedback while sharing my experience,\" he added.He praised the students of Goa for not only being aware on what is affecting the environment but also showing some level of keen interest and seriousness in such topics.Depalan took twenty days to reach Goa from Kerala and will leave for Kochi on Saturday.He focused on the benefits of water harvesting projects stating examples of successful projects undertaken in Kerala and some parts of Karnataka that had already helped preserving groundwater. Depalan welcomed the decision of the recent labeling of the Western Ghats as a heritage site by the UNESCO and said the ghats played an essential role to protect various species of birds and animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14727136", "title": "CBI gets seven-day remand of Tirodkar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court at Mirzapur campus on Friday sent former journalist Ketan Tirodkar for custodial interrogation till July 12. Made an accused in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case, he too expressed willingness to go to the CBI's remand.A year after the encounter that took place in January 13, 2003, Tirodkar had confessed before the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime (MCOCA) court about his involvement in handing over Sadiq's custody to Gujarat police .On basis of this confession, the CBI investigating officer sought seven-day remand of Tirodkar to find out about other people involved in conspiracy of illegally detaining of Mehtar. The CBI counsel highlighted two paragraphs of Tirodkar's affidavit describing how he had introduced Sadiq to Mumbai cop encounter-specialist Daya Nayak and how he had witnessed transfer of his custody to Gujarat police.The CBI sought his custodial interrogation saying that he did not cooperate in interrogation. To this, Tirodkar raised objection and said, \"I was the one who disclosed this case. I have been trying for the CBI probe for last eight years. It is wrong on their (CBI's) part to say that I am not cooperating. They should withdraw this charge.\"The CBI has booked Tirodkar for hatching criminal conspiracy, abetment, illegal detention and abduction to be read with murder charges.Tirodkar did not oppose the remand application claiming that he wanted this opportunity to reveal information. However, Tirodkar also complained about his arrest, though he termed it a technicality.\"I will also get to know what mistakes I committed as a journalist. Only that, when I am arrested in a case disclosed by me, this will send a wrong message to the public and people would be wary of approaching the judiciary with such complaints in future,\" he told the court when he was produced before the special CBI magistrate.Tirodkar was arrested on Thursday evening after he appeared before the Gujarat high court following the complaint by the CBI that he was evading summons.The summons issued to him under section 41A of CrPC empowers the investigation officer to arrest him without informing magistrate and without obtaining arrest warrant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14727663", "title": "Kochi police to give ID cards to auto drivers in coming weeks", "text": "KOCHI: Following numerous complaints on criminal activities of auto drivers, the city police have decided to provide identity cards to the drivers of those autorickshaws which have valid city permit. City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said that efforts are on to provide identity card in the size of an 'A-4 sheet' to the auto drivers in the city.\"For the time being, we have decided to give identity cards to all those auto drivers who are registered with the auto drivers' unions in the city,\" he said and added that once the identity cards are introduced, police will be able to weed out criminals in the guise of auto drivers. \"We will issue the identity cards to all auto drivers based on a list submitted by the unions. Cards will be issued to new drivers after a thorough background check,\" he said.The police have prepared a sample identity card. \"We are looking at the cost factor before launching the identity card project. Our initial estimate pegged the cost at Rs 60 per card but we would like to halve this rate. A high-level meeting will be held to discuss the modalities involved in providing ID cards to auto drivers,\" officials said.Kochi: Following large scale complaints on criminal activities of auto drivers, the City Police have decided to provide identity cards to the drivers of those autorickshaws which have valid city permit.City Police Commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said that the procedures are on to provide identity card in the size of A-4 sheet to the auto drivers in the city. \"For the time being, we have decided to give identity cards to all those auto drivers who are registered with the auto drivers' unions in the city,\" he said and added that once the identity cards are introduced, police will be able to weed out criminals in the guise of auto drivers.\"Once we issue the identity cards to all auto drivers based on the list submitted by the unions, there after cards will be issued to new drivers after police conducing thorough back ground check on the applicant,\" he said.According to police officials, police have prepared a sample of the identity card. \"We are looking at the cost factor before launching the identity card project. As per the initial analysis, a card in A 4 size costs around Rs 60. We are trying to bring down the cost to Rs 30. A high-level meeting will be held to discuss the modalities involved in providing ID cards to the auto drivers,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14725951", "title": "'Uranium in Punjab water 50% more than WHO limit'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Centre has finally taken cognizance of the severity of uranium contamination in Punjab's water and has acknowledged that it is the only state in the country which is reeling under this unique and dangerous problem.The uranium content in the waters of Punjab has not only been increasing but spreading too. A recent study by Punjab health department has revealed that uranium content has been found to be 50% above the permissible WHO limit in eight districts of the state.Earlier, only two districts -- Faridkot and Ferozepur -- had reported uranium in their water and the related health problems. Union minister for rural development and panchayats Jairam Ramesh admitted on Friday that Punjab was the only state in the country where uranium content in the water is higher than the permissible limit set by the WHO. While announcing a state-of-the-art lab with the assistance of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, to detect the presence of uranium and heavy metals in water, Ramesh said the water situation in Punjab was really bad.\"We need more scientific studies to understand the implications on health of people consuming this uranium contaminated water. We need to know the source of uranium's presence which is very unusual and inexplicable. As of now, we have only theories, we need to know the facts,\" said Ramesh.Laying the foundation stone of the Rs 4 crore laboratory at Mohali, he said it would be operational in the next six to eight months.Apart from detecting uranium pollution, Ramesh said that his focus is on supplying 'safe' water for all the households getting only contaminated supply now. As per state government's survey, out of total 2,462 water samples, 1,140 samples tested positive for the radioactive metal. Water contaminated with uranium was found in Malwa districts of the state, including Mansa, Bathinda, Moga, Faridkot, Barnala, Sangrur and some parts of Ludhiana as well.Though there had not been any indepth study on uranium contaminated water in Punjab, he said one reason could be the presence of phosphatic fertilizers in the soil that trigger uranium content in affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14731136", "title": "Dr. Amte is an inspiration for many: Nana Patekar", "text": "The press meet for upcoming Marathi movie, 'Dr. Prakash Baba Amte - The Real Hero' took place yesterday at Veer Savarkar hall at Dadar in mumbai. Mrinal Kulkarni, Nana Patekar, Samrouddhi Porey, Manda Amte and many others were present at the occassion.Nana Patekar is playing the role of Dr Baba Amte in the movie and Mrinal Kulkarni is playing the female lead in the movie.\"The movie will be an inspiration for many,\" said Nana Patekar.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14725449", "title": "Patients hit by nurses\u2019 flash strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Patients at the Prince Aly Khan Hospital in Mazgaon were affected on Friday after 200 nurses went on a flash strike. Relatives of critically ill patients argued with the authorities when the latter asked them to take discharge.The nurses, however, called off the strike by evening after they were assured that their salary demand will be looked into.CEO Narendra Malviya said that the patients were asked to take discharge as the hospital did not want to take chances. He assured that the demands of the nurses will be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730945", "title": "Hollywood movies on Olympics", "text": "When \"Fast Girls\" released in Britain recently as a run up to the Olympics, it was touted as the first major British film about athletics since \" Chariots of Fire\". Regan Hall, who directed the film about four female athletes preparing for the world championships in London in 2011 \u2014 the 2012 Olympics, was continuing a long tradition of movie-making that has often chosen the Olympics as its subject.Those interested in sports movies have time and again spoken about Olympic movies such as \"Cool Runnings\", \"Blades of Glory\", \"Personal Best\", \" Munich \", \"American Anthem\", \"It Happened in Athens \", \"Berlin 36\", \"The Jesse Owens Story\", \"Running Brave\" and \"Ice Castles\". TOI T shares the directors' gaze to check out how the camera has panned at the world's best sporting event:The Cutting Edge (1992) This romantic comedy by Paul Michael Glaser is about a very rich and spoilt figure skater who is paired with a has-been ice hockey player for Olympic figure skating. In the climax, they face a Soviet pair which is set at the site of the 16th Winter Olympic Games in France's Albertwille. Guess what? The film's theme song, \"Feels Like Forever\", was performed by Joe Cocker and written by Bryan Adams . No wonder it is still one of the most popular movies to be broadcast across all US television channels!Miracle (2004) The Kurt Russel film is about the United States' men's hockey team, led by coach Herb Brooks , that won the gold in the 1980 Winter Olympics. The American's victory over Soviet team was dubbed the Miracle on Ice. Directed by Gavin O'Connor, this film has also been regarded by many movie-goers as the main inspiration for Shimit Amin's \"Chak De! India\". Shah Rukh Khan's motivational sequence where he insists the girls play for India and not their respective states has an uncanny resemblance to the way Russell punishes his team till the boys says \"I play for the United States of America \"!Without Limits (1998) This biographical film is about the relationship between the record-breaking distance runner Steve Prefontaine and his coach, Bill Bowerman. Billy Crudup plays Prefontaine \u2014 a character that was supposed to be played by Tom Cruise (who produced the movie). Cruise opted out of the role because he was too old. The American middle and long-distance runner, who held the American record in the seven distance track events, died in a car accident at the age of 24. His life was also the focus of another movie titled \"Prefontaine\" that had Jared Leto playing the lead.Chariots of Fire (1981) Directed by Hugh Hudson, the film is about two athletes in the 1924 Olympic Games \u2014 Eric Liddel (a devout Scottish Christian who runs for the glory of God) and Harold Abrahams (an English Jew who runs to overcome prejudice). Starring Ben Cross and Ian Charleson, the movie won four Academy Awards . The film's tune by electronic composer Vangelis was featured at the opening of the 2012 London New Years fireworks celebrating the Olympics. The iconic beach-running scene is now being used for a British tabloid's Olympic ads. The movie's music will also be used while carriers run with the Olympic flame through the UK.Asterix at the Olympic Games (2008)Loosely adapted from the original comic titled Asterix at the Olympic Games, this Gerard Depardieu (as Obelix) and Colvis Cornillac (as Asterix) French film is one of the most expensive European films ever made. The plot is about how Asterix and Obelix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend, Lovesix (Stephane Rousseau), marry Princess Irina ( Vanessa Hessler ). Though Brutus (Benoit Poelvoorde ) tries hard to make his own team win the game, he doesn't succeed. The movie was a top grosser but it in May 2008, it also received the French equivalent of the Razzie Awards!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14725307", "title": "Swiss researcher to study anti-liquor movement", "text": "PATIALA: While panchayats fighting for closure of liquor vends in their respective villages have not received any help from Punjab government so far, an economist from Switzerland has offered to conduct a study on these villages to scientifically prove the magnitude of development-related benefits from closing alcohol shopsThe study will help these villages prove the benefits of closing liquor vends. In an email sent to People for Transparency (PFT), an NGO, which along with other NGOs has been spreading awareness among village panchayats about their right to close liquor vends, Devesh Rustagi, an economist at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich , Switzerland, has shown interest to conduct a study on \"Economic impacts of alcohol ban on human development\" in these villages.\"We hope the study after completion will help understand the economic benefits of closing liquor shops and economic losses villagers suffer due to easy availability of liquor,\" said Kamal Anand from PFT. Though the exact details of the proposed study are not known so far, Rustagi in an email to TOI disclosed that he has plans to visit almost all villages which passed anti-liquor resolutions. He will interact with residents and also compile data on the enrollment of children in schools in these villages to differentiate between liquor-free and other villages.Panchayats have powers to close liquor vends in their villages by passing resolutions under Section 40 of the Punjab Panchayati Raj Act. However, the Act mandates that there should be no case of liquor seizure in the village during the two years from the date of the resolution. Panchayat representatives claim that police officers in alleged connivance with liquor mafia have been registering liquor cases in these villages against outsiders to show recovery of liquor so that anti-liquor resolutions could be cancelled.This year out of total 89 anti-liquor resolutions passed by various panchayats of Punjab this year, excise department accepted only 30. In 2009, 45 panchayats had passed resolutions and authorities accepted 23. In 2010 the number went up to 72 and 42 villages got rid of liquor shops while in 2011 around 69 villages have passed resolutions. \"My study would be useful in showing scientifically the magnitude of development- related benefits from closing alcohol shops,\" said Rustagi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14727673", "title": "SIT points to CPM top brass in T P Chandrasekharan murder", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team probing T P Chandrasekharan murder case has told the court that the RMP leader was eliminated following instructions from the CPM's top leadership in Kerala.The SIT made this revelation on Friday in a petition submitted before the Judicial First Class Magistrate Court, Vadakara, seeking extension of the police custody of P Mohanan, CPM Kozhikode district secretariat member.The petition said Chandrasekharan was killed after a high-level conspiracy by the CPM leaders in the state.This is for the first time the SIT is revealing the political angle of the murder. There were indications that some senior CPM leaders in Kannur were involved in the conspiracy but the SIT report suggests that the probe will go beyond these leaders. The magistrate extended the police custody of Mohanan for five more days. The SIT also arraigned K K Pavithran, CPM Panur area secretary and M Dhananjayan, CPM Koothuparamba area secretary. They have been charged with harbouring the offenders.According to the SIT, the killer gang had stayed at CPM Koothuparamaba area committee office the day after the murder.As per SIT, the killer gang had stayed at the Koothuparamaba CPM area committee office the day after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14733092", "title": "Srikanth\u2019s new movie is Shatruvu", "text": "Hero Srikanth's new movie is titled \"Shatruvu\". The movie is directed by NSR Prasad and produced by V S Ramireddy under VSR Productions banner. Aksha is playing the female lead in this film, which is currently being shot in Nanakramguda studios, Hyderabad.Shatruvu has completed majority of shoot and the unit would be heading to Bangkok to film couple of songs and scenes in this final schedule. The makers are planning to launch the audio in the second week of August and release the film in September. Gana has composed the music and Rahul is the cinematographer. \"Shatruvu is an appropriate title for the film and the script has come out well\", said NSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14729418", "title": "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag brings Yuvi closer to his dad", "text": "It was a father-son reunion of sorts when cricketer Yuvraj Singh suddenly showed up for his father Yograj Singh's shoot on the sets of Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Bhaag Milkha Bhaag.While Yograj Singh is a Punjabi-Hindi actor with nearly three decades' experience and was first seen in J P Dutta's 1983 film Batwara, Bhaag Milkha Bhaag is the first film featuring him that his son has shown any interest in. The veteran actor plays Milkha Singh's coach in Mehra's film.Commenting on Yuvi's presence at his dad's shoot, a friend of the family told TOI, \"It was really surprising because Yograj Singh has not really been on the best of terms with Yuvraj and his mother. In fact, you'd be shocked to know Yograj never approved of a career in cricket for his son. He wanted Yuvraj to become a tennis player. It was Yuvraj's mother Shabnam who nurtured her son's cricket dreams.\"The friend hinted that Yuvi's father was kept away from most of his cricketing triumph , up until now, adding, \"It was only after his illness that Yuvraj became closer to his father. And when Yuvraj arrived on the sets of Bhaag Milkha Bhaag , we could see his father was deeply moved.\"While Yuvi remained unavailable for comment, Mehra confirmed the development: \"It was an extremely interesting moment when Yuvraj dropped in on the sets. He gave the clap for his father's shot. Yuvraj's presence was a great inspiration for the cast and crew. Personally, it meant a lot to me. My film is an inspiring story of a sports legend. To have a contemporary sports icon's father in my film, and to have the sports icon visiting our set was, according to me, a moment of history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727015", "title": "Mangalore to house 3D planetarium soon", "text": "MANGALORE: If the proposed change by BJP leadership sees Lingayat leader Jagadish Shettar replacing DV Sadananda Gowda as chief minister, it could well be the latter's most important parting gift to his home district of Dakshina Kannada. The 3D planetarium proposal, which the state cabinet chaired by Sadananda Gowda cleared on Friday, will see Mangalore becoming the first city in India to have this facility on par with cities such as Hong Kong and Macau.The brainchild of deputy speaker and Mangalore city south MLA N Yogish Bhat, the 3D Planetarium will come up at Regional Science Centre in Pilikula Nisargadhama, Moodushedde village near here. While former CM BS Yeddyurappa had earmarked Rs 11 crore for the planetarium, it was Yogish Bhat who took forward the project to its current status with the help from MN Vidyashankar, the principal secretary of information technology.Yogish Bhat told TOI that tender process for the planetarium would start soon. The 3D planetarium would be of 18 metre in diameter, on par with similar planetariums in Hong Kong and Macau, he said. \"Tourists in general and student community in particular will benefit a lot from it. The planetarium will be named as Swami Vivekananda Planetarium after the social reformer to commemorate his 150th birth anniversary year,\" he added. Apart from the earmarked Rs 11 crore, an additional Rs13.50 crore will be spent for the upgradation of the technology to 3D, which will take the total estimated expenditure to Rs 24.50 crore. \"We will import the technology and software,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14727223", "title": "Wall plastering machine avoids messy business", "text": "MANGALORE: It is a simple contraption which final year students of department of mechanical engineering of Srinivas Institute of Technology, Valachil, here claim will revolutionize the task of plastering walls. Recognizing the acute dearth of trained masons at construction sites and the fact that wall plastering is a labour intensive task, the students Lohith KV, Mahesha PK, Prashanatha Raj KV and Syed Umer took this up as a challenge as a project.This machine can be used for plastering vertical walls with high efficiency and reducing human effort. It is simple in construction, easy to transport and inexpensive. It worls on the chain pulley mechanism. A wall area 5x4 square feet can be plastered within few minutes efficiently, noted Lohith. \"To plaster the same area manually, one requires more time and labour of which there is a shortage,\" he said.The students who took up the project under the guidance of Neelakantha V Londhe, faculty in the department, have devised the machine at a cost of Rs 12,000. The machine consists of two components, a wooden frame and a sheet metal tray. The wooden frame has vertical guide way on which the tray slides. The free end of the tray carrying cement blend, placed close to the wall through which thickness of the plaster can be adjusted, he noted.The vertical movement of the tray is guided by the chain pulley mechanism. It causes the tray to move linearly on the guide way of the frame. As soon as a section of the wall is plastered, the machine can be withdrawn and made to slide over to the next area that requires plastering. The machine does not require additional source of energy to operate it and the chain pulley mechanism is capable of carrying maximum load with minimum effort, he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14727138", "title": "Barcode technology helps detect bogus BPL cards in Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Does Gujarat have 18 per cent bogus below poverty line (BPL) families enrolled on its registers, and to whom subsidized foodgrain, sugar and kerosene is being \"supplied\"? It would seem so, if one takes into account results of the just-accomplished pilot project carried out by the state's food and civil supplies department. There are, as of today, 32.37 lakh poor families on government registers, entitled to get subsidized essential goods from fair price shops.The pilot project was based on a survey of below poverty line (BPL) families living in 225 fair price shop FPS) areas in as many talukas of Gujarat. Each BPL family was issued a new bar-coded ration card. Scanned on computer after taking biometric impression, the new ration cards helped weed out as many as 18.38 per cent of BPL families from the registers.\"It suggested that the fair price shops in these areas were getting a much higher foodgrain, sugar and kerosene, which was all siphoned off by shop owners with the help of unscrupulous elements. We have successfully plugged the loophole. We have now decided to extend the experiment in the entire Gujarat\", a senior official in the state food and civil supplies department said.The official said, already, five lakh bar-coded ration cards have been issued, and the government's target is to accomplish the task of covering the entire state by the end of this financial year. \"It would help us in our campaign to weed out bogus BPL names. It would also mean making available a higher quantity of food items to genuine BPL families\", the official added.Insiders, however, said, the bar-coded ration cards, however, are facing a major constraint. There is lack of computer facilities in e-gram centres in village panchayats which can scan the bar codes after taking biometric impression. The government plans to purchase 10,000 computers to facilitate scanning of bar-coded ration cards\", it was suggested. The pilot project also shows that, thanks to the campaign, the total amount of subsidized foodgrain, sugar and kerosene picked up by poor families from the 225 fair price shops went down considerably. The foodgrain amount went down from 787 metric tonnes (MT) to 779 MT (0.97 per cent), sugar from 54.5 MT to 46.2 MT (15.37 per cent), and kerosene from 560 kilo litres (KL) to 376 KL (32.79 per cent).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14725676", "title": "Traffic crawls on waterlogged roads as pre-monsoon showers lash Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first pre-monsoon showers on Friday brought the city to a standstill. Heavy rain, especially during peak hours, and massive waterlogging in several parts of the city threw traffic out of gear. Delhi Traffic Police asked its men to be on the roads after the heavy rain. While the helpline number of the three corporations got just two complaints of waterlogging till 7.30pm, the traffic helpline was flooded with complaints.According to Delhi Traffic Police, vehicular movement was slow on GT Karnal Road, Narela Circle, Vikas Marg, ITO traffic intersection near Police Headquarters, Nizamuddin, Chhata Road, Shanti Van, both carriageways on Britannia Chowk and Vidhan Sabha Road near Chandgi Ram Akhada, Rani Jhansi Road, Zakhira Railway underbridge, Azad Market Road and Ring Road near Bhairon Road due to massive waterlogging.Delhi Traffic Police joint commissioner Satyendra Garg said, \"The traffic has slowed down because of waterlogging on either one or both lanes of most of these roads. Due to waterlogging, buses are using the car lane at some points and pedestrians are also forced to walk on roads. Bikers were also struggling at some points. Wherever pumps can be used to remove the water, it is being tried but it will take time.\"Waterlogging was also reported in Connaught Place. Traders in G and H blocks complained of water flowing back into the blocks from Panchkuian Road.\"We were told that proper arrangements have been made to ensure that water doesn't flow back into the blocks from Panchkuian Road, but I have received complaints from shopkeepers that water is entering the blocks. People have to use motors to pump out water,'' said Atul Bhargava, president of New Delhi Traders' Association.When Sanya Ahuja (24) set out from her Model Town residence on the sunny Friday afternoon, she did not imagine getting stuck in a traffic jam for an hour near Rajouri Garden. \"The moment it rains, Delhi comes to a standstill. So much of money is wasted in the name of de-silting, but the water exposes their claims,\" said an exasperated Ahuja.Residents of Laxmi Nagar, east Delhi, had more to worry about as their houses were flooded. \"With the ongoing Yamuna Action Plan work, the drainage system has not been repaired, so water has flowed back into our houses,\" said Monika Sahni, resident of Laxmi Nagar.Although there was no waterlogging in Greater Kailash-I, people had a tough time on Delhi roads.\"It took me nearly an hour to traverse Hans Raj Gupta Marg. It usually takes me 15 minutes to cover this kilometer-long stretch,'' said Asha Sharma, a resident of GK-I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14726903", "title": "Leopard scare keeps villagers awake on city's outskirts", "text": "VADODARA: Residents of the area between Bhayli and Mahapura villages on the outskirts of the city have been spending sleepless nights since two weeks now. The fear of a leopard lurking around in the villages has led to people here forming groups for night vigil and keep an eye on farms where cattle are kept.But strange as it might seem, there is no conclusive evidence regarding the existence of a leopard in the locality yet. Wildlife experts have made rounds of the area and have not found evidence regarding the existence of the big cat in the area. On the other hand, villagers are convinced regarding the existence of a wild animal in the area.The word spread in the locality after carcasses of two buffalo calves were found in the area in quick succession by the villagers. They are believed to have been devoured by a leopard. Villagers even claim that they have seen the leopard lurking around in the farms. On Thursday, too, a carcass of a partly devoured pig was found in the village.A resident of the area and panchayat member Mahendra Solanki said, \"Even when it was hot and there were no rains, people had started sleeping inside their villages. We form groups that keep a vigil in the area every night.\" Solanki added that besides the two dead calves, the animal had attacked three or four other cattle as well.Meanwhile, experts have their own doubts regarding the panic. \"I visited the area and could not spot any leopard pugmarks. The only pugmarks I could see were of dogs. The bite marks on the live cattle also look like those of dogs. But I have asked them to carefully preserve any pugmarks they see in the future. Pugmarks will become distinctly visible now as the soil is wet due to rains,\" wildlife expert Manoj Thaker said.Thaker feels that even dogs could have killed the animals. \"The dogs can do this if they have nothing else to eat. And if there is a leopard in the locality, it will become visible soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14726455", "title": "Serial thief held, bag with Rs 1.75 lakh recovered", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 22-year-old thief was arrested by Railway Police from Coimbatore Junction on Friday with a leather bag containing Rs 1.75 lakh just before he was about to board a Chennai bound train. The bag belonged to S Nirmal Kumar (38), a native of Coimbatore who works with a private company in Ethiopia. During interrogation, the youth told cops that he stole the bag containing money to meet expenses of his forthcoming marriage.According to railway police inspector S Lawrence, the youth was identified as Nishanth alias Annamalai, a native of Thoppalakundam village near Vellore. An orphan, Nishanth had a troubled childhood and studied at a boarding school in Nilgiris. He failed to complete B Com at a Coimbatore college for want of money but fell in love with a classmate at college. To make easy money to meet wedding expenses, Nishanth resorted to stealing bags at the Coimbatore Railway Station. He has confessed to stealing several bags.On Thursday, Nirmal Kumar arrived at the Coimbatore Junction by Nilgiri Express from Chennai. His family was also with him. While loading his baggage onto a trolley at the platform, he noticed that his bag containing money was missing. He immediately filed a complaint with railway police.On Friday morning, police personnel on duty at the station came upon a youth in suspicious circumstances with a leather bag at the platform. On interrogation, he confessed that he stole the bag from the Nilgiri Express on Thursday morning. He boarded the train without a ticket from Salem and stole Nirmal Kumar's bag as soon as the train reached Coimbatore.He opened the bag inside a toilet and found the cash. He took Rs 1000 and left the bag at the railway station clock room before proceeding to Ootty to avoid being nabbed. When he reached Ooty, he telephoned his fiancee and told her that he had earned enough money through contract work to get married.On Friday, he returned to Coimbatore and picked up the bag from the clock room. Police found his moves suspicious and nabbed him before he could board a Chennai bound train. He was remanded in judicial custody later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14730024", "title": "No one would want to marry me, says Simon Cowell", "text": "Simon Cowell has admitted that he will never get hitched \u2014 because \"no one would want to marry me.\"The music mogul revealed that he drove his lovers mad by staying up all night making business calls. \"I'm difficult to live with. I'm selfish, quite weird and I need time on my own,\" the Sun quoted him as saying.The 50-year-old TV producer split with his fiancee Mezhgan Hussainy this year. The 'X Facto r' boss also fears that he has left it too late for kids. \"I worry about that. If they could be born at the age of five, I'd quite like that. \"I'm not sure if I could deal with the 'ga ga goo' thing,\" he added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-07"}
