{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679715", "title": "Delhi University open school goes online for admissions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's School of Open Learning will start its admission process for the 2012-13 academic session from Friday.For the first time, SOL will offer the facility of online admission for undergraduate courses. Students can download and submit application forms on the SOL website.Students of Central Board of Secondary Education and the National Institute of Open School need not even submit any documents for the online admission process as it has been made completely automated. \"The students who have appeared for the CBSE board exam or are from the NIOS will just need to key in their roll numbers. All the other details which are related to the CBSE result will automatically get uploaded,\" said the executive director of SOL, HC Pokhriyal.\"The students can upload their photographs, signature and other details online. SOL has access to CBSE data and we will get to know of their performance in the CBSE board exams. Admissions will be done completely online, thereby saving the time and money of aspirants,\" Pokhriyal said.The SOL is also streamlining the process to provide customized study material on the SOL email addresses of the online applicants. Once the students choose the course and papers of their choice, they will get the study materials in their mailbox.In fact, online filling of forms will also be extended to the second and third-year students so that they can fill their examination forms online as well.According to Pokhriyal, since majority of students come from far off areas, this facility will help the students immensely. Also the online system is expected to ease the rush at SOL counters during admissions.Admission forms will be available from June 1 and the last date for admission without late fee is July 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680196", "title": "Government allows constables to appear for police sub-inspector's examination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is some good news for those police constables who have completed 15 years of service and are dreaming to promote themselves and become a sub-inspector. The state government has in a policy decision permitted police constables of the state police force to appear in the special competitive exam for the post of PSI.Cabinet spokesperson and state health minister Jay Narayan Vyas and minister of state for energy Saurabh Patel said till now only assistant police sub-inspectors and head constables, having spent three years in service, were able to take the special competitive exam for the promotion to the post of police sub-inspector . \"But henceforth even a constable, who is on the lowest rung in the police force, would be able to take the exam and directly become PSI, provided they have spent 15 years in service,\" the duo said.They further said Gujarat is first state in the country to introduce such a provision. Vyas and Patel said the decision will also motivate the individuals in constable cadre and this in turn will increase the efficiency of the police force.\"Even if a constable does not succeed in the exam, the knowledge he get while preparation will help him in performing his duties in better ways,\" the two ministers added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13678692", "title": "Fire reduces 15,000 quintals paddy to ashes", "text": "GONDIA: A major fire that broke out in a private godown on Monday reduced to ashes around 15,000 quintals of paddy at Itkheda in Morgaon Arjuni tehsil.According to eye witnesses, smoke was seen emerging from this godown around 10am on Monday. They immediately reported the matter to the president of Itkheda procurement committee Namdeorao Kapgate, who along with other directors of this society, Damodar Nakade , Vijay Rathod, Ashok Chandak and Mukesh Jaiswal reached the spot.They reported the matter to Arjuni Morgaon police and the tehsildar and the nearest fire station at Wadsa. When they saw the devastating nature of the fire, they also called fire tenders from Gondia.Due to the harsh heat and inflammable nature of paddy, everything was reduced to ashes. However, the fire could be controlled late Monday night. But due to the smouldering debris even on Tuesday, the actual loss of the paddy could not be assessed. The godown belonged to Someshwar Saundarkar of Itkheda village.It may be recalled that due to dispute regarding transportation charges of rice after export between rice millers and the government, huge quantity of paddy is lying like this in various godowns of the district.Manager of Gondia district marketing federation JG Gaikwad ruled out the possibility any foul play behind this incident. He said that all the paddy stored in this godown was from the current season only and there was enough security at the spot. In the meantime, he said that about 27,000 quintals of paddy has been brought out, which was not spoiled. Much more quantity of paddy is expected to be brought out with in couple of days, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13680902", "title": "Power outages might continue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the city faces a shortfall of nearly five to 10MW of power in different time slots, the UT electricity department has decided not to purchase more of it to bridge the demand and supply gap.The city's current demand is about 308 to 312MW, whereas the supply is nearly 303MW, of which 70 to 80MW has been bought to meet the summer needs.Since the last one week, residents have been facing hours long cuts \"imposed to check overloading\". The department, however, has not issued any chart of rotational cuts which is further adding to the residents' woes.An electricity department official said, \"There is no power shortage and so, no need to buy it. The cuts are imposed when there is overloading that leads to low power frequency. If the frequency goes below 49.7hz, then a penalty is imposed on the department wherein we have to pay double for the units we overdraw. That is why it is important to impose cuts. At present, the problem is not grave.\"The normal frequency is 49.7hz to 50hz. And at present, the northern grid's frequency is 49.59hz, at which the city is receiving power. Last week, Northern Regional Load Dispatch Center (NRLDC) had asked UT to avoid overdrawing power from the northern grid. UT superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"The problem is not with us... we have enough power. Besides, we use only a few hundred MW of electricity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13680042", "title": "Court gives \u2018petty shops\u2019 breather from sealing drive", "text": "NOIDA: Giving a breather to small commercial outlets in Noida, a district court on Tuesday asked the Noida Authority not to seal 'petty trading units' operating from residential sectors that have EWS, LIG and MIG (first) flats. These establishments have been granted a stay till July 19 after a petition was filed against the sealing drive by Noida Residents' Commercial Struggle Committee .The case was heard in the court of civil Judge (senior division) Jai Singh Pundhir. The court, after hearing both parties on May 21, reserved its order and scheduled May 29 for the next date of hearing.The court on Tuesday directed that no sealing activity be conducted in Sectors 12, 19, 20, 22, 27, 40, 71 and 110. \"When the Authority allotted properties for the EWS, LIG and MIG plots/flats, it allowed several petty activities, like a barber shop, dispensary, general store, etc to operate from 30% of the FAR of the residential area,\" said SK Mukherjee, counsel for the petitioner. \"In the allotment brochure for the scheme floated by the Authority, these activities were defined as 'customary home occupation' which allowed the original allottee to conduct activity that was of a 'non-commercial residential and referred service' nature. Sealing of such premises is a violation of the laid down provisions,\" Mukherjee added.The Authority argued that it had the right to change the clauses in the lease deed even after the allotment procedure. The Authority, in its argument, maintained that commercial pockets had been set aside and also identified in residential areas. The Authority's counsel further said that all commercial activity was unauthorized and was in contempt of the apex court order of December, 2011, which had asked the Authority to ensure that all commercial activity from residential areas was stopped.However, the counsel for the petitioner said that, \"the civil court's order does not interfere with the Supreme Court's judgment. The apex court never passed any order on these petty shops,\" Mukherjee said.When contacted, the legal department of the Authority said it had not yet seen the order's copy. \"We need to go through the order in detail before deciding on our next step,\" said an official. Meanwhile, the Authority carried out its drive on Wednesday but did not seal a single premise as most allottees had themselves shut down illegal commercial activity. The next area on the sealing radar on June 6 is Sector 39.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679753", "title": "Police to seek Meet to know citizens' views on traffic decongestion", "text": "PUNE: Citizens aware of traffic problems in their areas, and others with suggestions on improving vehicular traffic can meet traffic police officials in the four zones covering Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad.The first meeting for zone I with areas of Deccan, Shivajinagar, Kothrud and Khadak under it will be held on Thursday. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said traffic problems can be effectively solved with people's participation. Citizens have better knowledge about traffic problems they face at a particular junction or road stretch in their vicinity.Information provided by citizens about traffic problems can help officials solve them effectively, Pandhre said. It is for this reason that the traffic branch has decided to hold meetings in all the four zones which covers Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Citizens attending the meetings can also give suggestions for solving traffic problems.The zone I meeting will be held on Thursday (May 31) at Kohinoor Mangal Karyalaya , Prabhat Road (near Hotel President) at Deccan at 5.30 pm. The areas covered under Zone I include Khadak, Faraskhana, Vishrambaug, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Kothrud and Warje.The second meeting for zone II covering the areas of Koregaon Park, Cantonment, Bund Garden, Sahakarnagar, Samarth, Swargate, Dattawadi, Market Yard, Bharati Vidyapeeth will be held on June 1. The meeting will be held at the Cantonment police station hall at 5.30 pm.On Saturday (June 2), the meeting for zone III will be held at the Meghaji Lokhande hall, at Pimpri traffic division at 5.30 pm. The areas covered under zone III include Pimpri, Chinchwad, Nigdi, Bhosari, Hinjewadi, Sangvi and Chatushrungi.The last meeting for zone IV will be held on Monday (June 4) at Turf Club, Race Course, Wanowrie at 5.30 pm. The areas covered under zone IV include Wanowrie, Kondhwa, Airport, Hadapsar, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi, and Mundhwa. The traffic branch has appealed to citizens of the respective areas to attend the meetings to present the traffic problems and give suggestions for solving the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13678676", "title": "Feedback tool to better Bokaro school graph", "text": "BOKARO: As like multinationals and blue chip companies, some schools in Bokaro have introduced confidential feedback forms for students who passed from the institutions, asking them to narrate what they had experienced in school.This move has been taken by schools to get the feedback about their strength and weakness which they can use in future. The growing cut-throat competition between the educational institutions in town has made each school conscious about its performance.Sree Ayyappa Public School director P K Sreedharan was seen asking feedback about school from his student Utsab Sengupta , who passed Class XII CBSE board examination with highest 97.6% in the state in science stream. He asked Utsab what did he feel about the school, teachers and the staff. Does he like the study environment of the school? Sreedharan also asked for his student's suggestions for more improvement of the school.Chinmaya Vidyalaya from where a large number of students cracked the IIT-JEE and passed with good ranks has also introduced feedback forms. These forms are issued to the students when they come to school to collect mark sheets. Principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya A K Singh said the concept of feedback would help the management know the ground reality. He said apart from the pass-out students no one else could give real picture about what good or bad things were going on in the school. The feedback form is being kept confidential and students have been asked to submit it personally to the principal. The form contains various sections in which the students have to give grades. A student is taking at least 15-20 minutes to fill up the form. The students have to grade everybody's performance right from bus driver, teachers to principal.The most interesting part is the last section in the form in which students are asked to write three best things they liked about the school and three things school should take care of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679689", "title": "Man gets minor wife\u2019s custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man facing trial for allegedly kidnapping his minor wife, has been granted her custody by a sessions court. The couple had eloped in 2010.Additional sessions Judge Sanjay Garg handed over the custody of the 16-year-old girl to her husband after she told the court that she had married him willingly and wished to stay with him instead of her parents or at Nirmal Chhaya, a woman-cum-children's home. \"The girl is no longer required to be kept at Nirmal Chhaya. The revision petition is allowed,\" ASJ Garg said.Ealier, the Child Welfare Committee had denied the youth the girl's custody. She had been staying at Nirmal Chhaya for five months after the youth's arrest on charges of kidnapping her. After getting bail, the youth had first moved the CWC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679678", "title": "NRHM funds anomalies worth Rs 5,000 crore: CAG", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has detected anomalies of around Rs 5,000 crore in the implementation of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in UP between 2007 and 2011 when the Bahujan Samaj Party was in power.The Akhilesh Yadav-led state government on Wednesday tabled in the assembly the CAG reports on anomalies in the NRHM scheme and sale of 21 government sugar mills during the Mayawati rule. The principal auditor general has put the loss to exchequer in the sugar mills 'selloff' at Rs 1,200 crore.The CAG reports on 'commercial', 'revenue receipts' and 'environment' were also placed in the House. These reports also reveal mismanagement in financial transactions made in various departments including transport, excise and taxation among others during the previous regime.The CAG report on NRHM not only detected anomalies of around Rs 5000 crore in the implementation of the scheme but also pointed out carelessness in monitoring NRHM in the state. The report states that while no baseline survey was undertaken to identify gaps in health care, prescribed books of accounts for advances disbursed by the state health society and for expenditures of Rs 4938.74 crore were not maintained.Instead of releasing funds to the executing agencies, the State Health Society released Rs 1,546.09 crore through an unauthorized society in violation of the NRHM framework. Also, 100% funds were released to construction agencies without obtaining estimates and utilization certificates. Procurement of goods and services was not in consonance with tendering process. While around 550 ambulance purchased for emergency medical services were not put to use, over two lakh women who went in for institutional delivery were deprived of the benefit of janani suraksha yojana. The monitoring mechanism was virtually non-existent and internal audit mechanism not operational. The State Health Mission, a body headed by chief minister to monitor NRHM, not met even once between 2005 and 2010.The CAG report on sale of government sugar mills found anomalies resulting in loss of Rs 1,179.84 crore to the exchequer. The Mayawati government had decided in 2007 to privatise 10 operational sugar mills belonging to the UP State Sugar Corporation Limited and the 11 closed sugar mills belonging to UP Rajya Chini Evam Ganna Vikas Nigam Limited. Anomalies were found at every step -- from under-valuation of land and plant machinery to bid rigging and from disclosure of expected prices to stamp duty evasion.The sugar mills were under-valued up to 30% and thereafter expected price was reduced further by 50%. The expected bid price was also disclosed to bidders. Bids were rigged through cartelisation. On papers, there were several bidders but in reality there were three players -- first group having links with liquor baron Ponty Chadha, second led by a Muslim BSP leader and third the Indian Potash Limited. While the cartel linked to Ponty Chadha grabbed five mills, the one with BSP leader on board lapped up 10 and the Indian Potash Limited bought six. The mills were sold to the two cartels at throwaway prices. The CAG has recommended a thorough probe by the Enforcement DirectorateThe CAG also examined working of power distribution utilities' (Discom) in the state and found a number of gap that made them conclude: \"The Discoms were not able to recover its cost of operation and its accumulated losses increased by 205.28% during 2006-11. Distribution of electricity by the Discoms increased from 33,598 million units in 2006-07 to 48,771 million units in 2010-11 which helped increase the revenue. However, at the same time, the portion of their losses increased from Rs 9,521.94 crore in 2006-07 to 29,068.78 crore in 2010-11. Some of the reasons for failure could be poor quality equipment. Audit revealed that 51% of the electronic meters procured in the Kanpur electricity supply company limited were faulty. Anomalies were also found in computerisation in transport department and loss of Rs 231.4 crore in excise due to under assessment of tax and other irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13684127", "title": "FIR against Sami for rash driving", "text": "KARACHI: Yet another Pakistan cricketer is in news for wrong reason as an FIR has been filed against pacer Mohammad Sami for rash driving, causing damage.It was reported on Wednesday that fast bowler Umar Gul's house was raided by Army on the suspicion of harbouring a militant and his brother was arrested.Both Gul and Sami are away in Sri Lanka with the national team.The Gulberg police station on Wednesday registered an FIR on the complaint of lawyer Farrukh Illyas Cheema, who claimed that his car was badly damaged by Sami in an accident.He said the cricketer had promised to take care of the damages but despite several reminders, he reneged his promise and thus committed fraud.Cheema said that on May 26 Sami and his friend had banged their car into his car due to reckless driving and also misbehaved with him.\"But after people intervened, Sami and his friend promised he would pay for the damages to my car. I even took his national identity card as surety and next day when I called up, Sami again misbehaved with me and threatened me.\"But his friend delivered a cheque of Rs 30,000 to me as compensation for damages to my car and took Sami's NIC back. Sami again called me up and threatened me to return the cheque after which I decided to file the FIR as they kept on taunting and mocking me,\" he said.In the past also some Pakistani cricketers have been in the news for the wrong reasons. Former Test batsman Ijaz Ahmed had spent time behind lockup in the Gulberg police station in a fraud case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680128", "title": "Police on toes to thwart Ulfa attacks", "text": "GUWAHATI: Contrary to government claims that Ulfa hardliners are a spent force, police are on high alert following inputs of possible attacks by rebels on the kin of Congress ministers and MLAs.\"We are not taking the inputs lightly. Instructions have been issued to SPs to review the security of family members of those Congress leaders, who already have a security cover and make arrangements for the rest ,\" a key security source said.On May 25, police swung into action after inputs suggested that Ulfa hardliners would target Congress offices on the eve of Sonia Gandhi's visit to the city. Even as security personnel were being detailed in Congress offices in major centers, a grenade blew up in front of the business establishment of a local Congress leader in Tinsukia district, less than 12 hours before Sonia Gandhi's arrival.Police are facing a fresh challenge after inputs about Ulfa hardliners targeting family members of Congress leaders came four days ago. \"Police have to locate each and every member of families of 78 Congress MLAs and segregate those already having security cover. Those without it have to be located. Some of them may be working or studying away from homes and the task is to get in touch with them. Detailing security cover to each member of a family is a difficult task given the fact that Assam Police have shortage of manpower,\" the source said.The Ulfa hardliners, as often claimed by the state government, have hideouts in three locations in upper Assam and Goalpara, bordering Garo Hills in Meghalaya. \"The rebels have been trying to cause disturbances since the beginning of this month. Two groups are stationed in Tinsukia and one in Goalpara district. These men are demoralized as they are few in numbers but they are under constant pressure of Baruah to act,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680383", "title": "Owner of truck may be booked for killer mishap on Mumbai-Pune e-way", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may book the owner of the truck which crashed into a minibus, killing 27 members of a wedding party on the Mumbai Pune Expressway on Monday. In his statement to the police, the truck driver, Somnath Phadtare, said he wasn't given enough hours to rest and had been driving the vehicle almost non-stop for the last few days. Phadtare was arrested.\"We will check if the driver was being forced to work round the clock and not given enough rest. The truck owner will be booked in the case if we find that he allowed Phadtare to drive despite knowing that had been working non-stop and was in no state to drive,\" minister of state for home Satej Patil said.A recent study by the National Sleep Foundation had revealed that sleep deprivation among drivers as one of the main reasons for accidents.Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Invoking criminal abetment will be stretching the law too much. But there certainly needs to be a probe into whether the owner was responsible. If the owner is at fault, then he can be booked under civil law. The compensation can also be doubled.\"A senior home department official welcomed the state government's decision to look into owner's role in the accident. \"The move will act as a deterrent to owners of vehicles. After this, vehicle owners will ensure that drivers are given ample rest,\" the official added.Patil has called a meeting of highway and MSRDC officials on Thursday to discuss ways to prevent such mishaps in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680434", "title": "No extension for Gaikwad, state to get new chief secy", "text": "MUMBAI: Even a day before the retirement of chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad , an IAS officer of the 1975 batch, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan did not decide on his successor.There were reports that Gaikwad may be given a six-month extension, however on Wednesday, it was made clear that there is no such proposal before the government. Gaikwad is a first high-ranking bureaucrat or an IPS officer who has not been granted an extension. In the recent past, former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, former DGP Ajit Parasnis and former chief secretaries Prem Kumar and Johny Joseph were granted extensions for a period ranging between three and six months.\"Chavan is examining all bureaucrats in the zone of consideration. Since it is a coalition government, he will also have to consult the NCP before taking a final decision on the new chief secretary. By and large, there is an agreement that the new chief secretary should have a minimum tenure of one year,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Wednesday.As per the seniority list of IAS officers, Gaikwad is followed by state pollution control board chairman J S Sahani, general administration department additional chief secretary Anna Dani, public health secretary J K Banthia, state election commission secretary Chand Goel, school education secretary J S Saharia and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. Sahani, Dani and Goel will be retiring in this year, Banthia and Asthana will retire in 2013, while Saharia will retire in June 2014.Of course, a section of senior bureaucrats feel that Chavan will spring a surprise by appointing a dark horse as the head of the state bureaucracy. They pointed out that when Sitaram Kunte was appointed the BMC commissioner, it was a surprise choice since he was not even in the zone of consideration. At the time of Kunte's appointment, the CM had taken a view that the BMC commissioner should have a tenure of at least two to three years so that he can plan and execute projects.\"However, in case of the chief secretary, Chavan has a limited choice. He cannot choose someone who will supersede six to seven other senior bureaucrats. In that event, the CM will have to bear the brunt of the bureaucrats who will be ignored,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680835", "title": "Statistics show alcohol is No 1 reason for marital discord", "text": "CHENNAI: The genie is out of the bottle and it is wrecking marriages in the city. Alcoholic husbands, crime statistics for Chennai show, have been the primary cause of marital discord.The statistics are disturbing. In the past five months, 675 drunken husbands triggered incidents of domestic violence. Dowry, the other major cause of domestic violence, was a distant second with 242 cases being attributed to demands for money in the same period. Disputes over infidelity sparked 135 cases of violence in households, and incompatibility, 20.Of the 675 cases of liquor-induced violence, the police brokered peace in 549 cases. The police registered an FIR in only one case.\"Most women who complain about alcoholic husbands compromise with their spouses after brief counselling sessions,\" said a senior police officer.\"We have five counsellors who offer to advise the complainants,\" the officer said. \"Sometimes rows are resolved after just one session of counselling, while others could take as many as three sessions.\" The police rarely register cases, he said.Police officials point out that most of the complaints come from lower-middle class families, mainly from localities in north Chennai like Pulianthope, Vyasarpadi and Korrukupet. The men who are accused in such complaints are usually daily wage workers who spend most of their money on liquor. However, the police also receive complaints from middle class and affluent families as well.\"It is easy to settle issues with lower-middle class families,\" the officer said. \"Dealing with couples in middle class families is another matter because the aggrieved person usually demands that a case be registered.\"Counsellors draw a link between how frequently husbands get drunk and the likelihood of verbal abuse and physical violence toward their spouses. \"Regular consumption of alcohol leads to increased aggression and marital violence. Bouts of violence progressively get more severe,\" said Manohari, a counseller. Alcoholic husbands sometimes beat up their wives so savagely that it leaves them with serious injuries, she said.Even small issues are blown out of proportion by husbands under the influence of alcohol, she said, because they lose their ability to think rationally. Individuals become more impulsive and automatically lose their ability to restrain their aggression, she said.Alcohol abuse also causes sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction. Sexual dissatisfaction among couples usually ends in divorce, Manohari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "reis magos", "code": "13680508", "title": "Going back in time", "text": "REIS MAGOS: The seven cannons on the ramparts won't boom here any more. But far from being mere show pieces, the huge guns are meant to take visitors back in time when the enemy on the river front felt the fire from above.The restored fort looks majestic with its walls fortified again, the cannons positioned on the ramparts, and the cobwebs of neglect dusted away. Purists may argue it looks odd for a heritage structure, since it looks a little too spic and span.\"But after the use of the fort as a prison, it had lost its historicity,\" asserts Gerard da Cunha , project architect.During conservation, a few add-on structures, like cells for prisoners, toilets and rooms were demolished. The bone of contention was construction of what is now projected as a crafts centre.\"This structure is inspired by the Bishop's Palace at Old Goa,\" says da Cunha. The structure rises gracefully with a skirt-like staircase.The government had to amend the rules to bring the restoration process, which kicked off a controrversy after it was taken up in 2008, within the framework of legality. In fact, the Goa Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment) Act, 2010, was enforced with retrospective effect, from March 1, 2007, to impart a legal colour to the conservation.Another structure (exhibition hall 2) which was demolished, is now restored and consolidated to its condition around the year 1700, says da Cunha. Hall no 1, facing the riverfront, will also be used as an exhibition hall. A smaller room on the rampart will be used as a canteen.The seven gun loops, which are small vaulted rooms overlooking the river, will also showcase exhibits. On the citadel, a stage under the banyan tree seems ideal for cultural performances. The adjacent spaces will be used for a restaurant and kitchen with a panoramic view of the Mandovi river mouth and beyond.\"The work has been done either in lime mortar or in mud. We got old stones and tiles from the debris of houses broken for reconstruction of bigger buildings,\" says da Cunha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13680575", "title": "Omar Abdullah holds cabinet meet near LoC", "text": "SRINAGAR: Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Wednesday held a special cabinet meeting at Tangdhar, a remote village about 130 km from Srinagar near the Line of Control, for the first time. He followed the precedent set by his grandfather and National Conference founder Sheikh Abdullah who as CM held cabinet meetings at district headquarters.Omar reviewed the development of Karnah tehsil in north Kashmir and asked people about the basic amenities provided by the state government in various sectors, including health, road, communication, water supply and education.He drove to Teetwal block of Karnah tehsil on the LoC and met the residents. Accompanied by finance minister Abdul Rahim Rather, he reviewed development work and checked the 16km road connecting Tangdhar to Teetwal.Omar said he would push for upgrade and improve the road between Tangdhar and Teetwal with the central government. The Border Roads Organization currently looks after the road.At the meeting, Omar granted Rs one crore additional funds to finish building school buildings damaged in 2005 earthquake. He sanctioned another Rs one crore for Tangdhar sub-district hospital and set September as the deadline for completion of work.At the meeting, Omar modified transfer orders of several officers. Mohammad Ashraf Bukhari was transferred to animal husbandry department replacing senior IAS officer Bipul Pathak. In an early cabinet meeting on May 17, the state government had posted him secretary, information technology and science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678569", "title": "Inspect children's homes, HC to rights body", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) to inspect all children homes in the city to judge their living conditions and submit a report by Friday.A bench of Justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg also directed the Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA) to verify the orders passed by all six Child Welfare Committees (CWCs) while transferring the children to their native places.The bench passed the order while hearing a report filed by the court-appointed panel alleging the Child Welfare Committee, Sansakar Ashram Complex, Dilshad Garden, has failed to monitor an NGO which runs an orphanage \"Apna Ghar\" at Mansarovar Park in Shahdara and is not following a proper procedure while transferring a child to his native place after his parents were traced.Expressing anguish over the deplorable condition of Apna Ghar, the bench had set up a team to inspect the home and sought its suggestions for relocation of the children. The court also summoned the records pertaining to Apna Ghar by May 1, the next date of hearing.The bench had earlier directed the Ministry of Woman and Child Development of Delhi government to furnish a list of such homes run by the NGOs in the city.Filing an affidavit, Delhi government's Standing Counsel Najmi Waziri had said there were 41 children homes run by NGOs in which 2200 children, including orphans, were staying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13680132", "title": "Nagaland Congress slams government over power outages", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) on Wednesday said that the ruling Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government has done nothing but pass the buck to sort out the power crisis in Nagaland its nearly 10 years in power. The government does not even have money to buy power from Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL), it said.Demanding immediate steps to overcome the crisis, NPCC resolved it will launch a statewide public protest from June 6 if the situation does not improve.\"The DAN government has not only miserably failed to relieves us from the scorching heat, but also caused colossal economic loss to the state due to power shortage,\" it said. NPCC said the power situation in Nagaland can be best be termed as 'tormenting'. Pointing out that Nagaland has a potential to generate 1,000MW of hydro power, NPCC said the installed capacity in this sector as on March 2010 is a meager 28.7MW. As of March 2010, Nagaland had a total installed power generation capacity of 103.2MW - owned by the state and Centre. The capacity comprised 53.3MW of hydroelectric power plants and a thermal power plant when complete is expected to provide about 21.2MW, the NPCC said adding, power from renewable sources has an installed capacity of just 28.7MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumabai", "code": "13680511", "title": "AC Volvo deal falls through", "text": "MUMABAI: While 270 King Long buses will be phased out within the next five years, there aren't enough AC Volvos in the BEST fleet to replace them.Moreover, a contract to procure 44 new AC Volvos was terminated by the transport undertaking recently. The undertaking should consider procuring new AC buses so that the King Longs can be gradually phased out, sources said.\"Mumbai commuters may have to do without air-conditioned buses in future,\" a source said.\"We must induct new AC buses into the fleet,\" said BEST committee member Ravi Raja. \"It will ensure that the AC bus routes continue to be in operation even after the King Longs have been phased out. The routes are a big hit with passengers and despite the fare hike ,\" he added.According to Raja, the contract to deliver 44 new Volvos was cancelled recently as the company supplying the buses did not find the project \"viable\". The company had promised to supply 50 AC Volvos to BEST in 2010. In lieu of the buses, which were to be provided to BEST free of cost, the company would have got advertising rights on the transport vehicles, three bus shelters and on a hoarding, sources said. However, after delivering the first six Volvos, the company did not show any interest in the handing over the remaining buses.\"We had sent notices to the company that they had not delivered all the buses on time. We had to cancel the contract. The six Volvos (already delivered) are, however, with the BEST. They can apply for the advertising rights on these vehicles,\" BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said.Another senior BEST official said that the undertaking had plans to procure new Volvos or Mercedes Benz buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679672", "title": "Blaze at Safdarjung Hospital, 40 rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was around 3.30pm on Wednesday. The operating table at the emergency theatre in Safdarjung Hospital was ready as the doctor was about to begin the surgery. Little did he know that he would be helping the patient get out of the room in the next few minutes. Around 40 patients - either waiting in the recovery room or lined up for surgery - were evacuated from the Operation Theatre (OT) block of the hospital when a fire broke out in the building on Wednesday.The incident took place around 3.50pm when a security guard noticed smoke billowing out of the store room on the first floor of the hospital building which houses old furniture and equipment. The fire spread across the floor within minutes.Even as the security personnel were trying to locate the source of the fire, a minor leak in the central oxygen pipeline triggered panic among patients and staff, said sources. The fire alarm was set in motion and orders were issued to evacuate patients, said hospital sources.\"The supply through the pipeline was immediately disconnected and lights were switched off to control the blaze. There were about 40 patients in the building, including those waiting to be shifted to their respective wards. We brought them down on stretchers. Some doctors also helped in the rescue operation,\" said Haaroon Rashid, assistant manager of the company which manages the security at the hospital. He said that around 100 security personnel from the agency risked their lives to rescue patients.The OT block - where all the major surgeries are carried out - is divided into four floors. Patients from as many as five specialties, including general surgery, orthopaedics, urology and neurosurgery are operated upon and kept in the recovery room before being shifted to their respective wards. \"Neurosurgery patients were evacuated with ventilators,\" said a senior doctor.Fire officials said they received a call at 4.15pm and five fire tenders were rushed to the spot. Though the fire was quickly doused, its cause has not beein ascertained, said fire officials.O P Sharma, senior administrative officer at the hospital said that all those who were rescued are doing fine. \"They have been shifted to the ward,\" he said. Sharma said the cause of fire is being looked into. The medical superintendent of the hospital was not available for comment.(With inputs from Somreet Bhattacharya)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13684400", "title": "Bharat bandh: Mixed response to nationwide strike against petrol price hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nationwide bandh called by the NDA and Left parties to protest the petrol price hike on Thursday evoked a mixed response amid incidents of stone pelting, arson and road blockades in Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal.In the national capital, the bandh did not evoke much response though party supporters blocked traffic in some places.Small shops were seen open in many areas in the morning while commuters complained that there were less autos on roads as a number of auto and taxi unions have joined the protest.In the financial capital, Mumbai, bandh supporters pelted stones at buses in two suburban areas of the city. Elsewhere in Maharashtra, activists pelted stones at 13 buses in Pune, 10 in Nagpur and Thane districts and stopped some buses by blocking roads in Satara districtLocal trains and buses were plying as usual in most parts of Mumbai.The bandh disrupted normal life in parts of BJP-ruled Karnataka where bandh supporters set on fire three buses and stoned about a dozen others forcing authorities to withdraw bus services in the city. Public transport was hit and shops and business establishments remained shut in several parts of Karnataka.There was no impact of the bandh in Kerala and a lukewarm response to the stir in Tamil Nadu.In Bihar , NDA Convener and JD-U national president Sharad Yadav and BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain were among 800 activists taken into custody while enforcing the bandh.Yadav, who along with 700 odd supporters took out processions in Saharsa town to enforce the call, was taken into custody.Hussain, the BJP National Spokesman, and others were detained in Bhagalpur town while trying to enforce the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679519", "title": "'We are still waiting for justice'", "text": "BANGALORE: She sees her daughter in every teenaged girl walking on the road. Madhu Singh, mother of Sanjana Singh , who died after a wall collapsed on her on a rainy day two years ago (June 1, 2010) near the veterinary college in Hebbal, wants to know why no one has been punished so far. Excerpts:Q. How far have you reached in getting justice for Sanjana's death?A. Nowhere. We were assured justice within 48 hours by ministers. But nothing happened. It's two years now. We were told to keep a copy of the investigation files, but we don't know where the files are. We also got information from someone that Sanjana's files were moved to the governor's office along with the mining case files. Every bigwig involved in illegal mining is getting punished, why are the culprits involved in the wall collapse which killed my daughter still roaming free?Q. Do you have any hope in the system that Sanjana's killers will be booked one day?A. Hope is always alive; it never dies. I've come to terms with her death, thinking of the hundreds of deaths due to accidents and natural disasters. I have no feelings of vengeance against Munirathna, who is said to have built the wall, but even he is not answerable to the Almighty. I want to ask all those educated civil servants and IAS officers in the BBMP - do they think they are doing justice to their chairs?Q. Has life changed for you and your family?A. I have a cold silence inside me and reminders of Sanjana all around. When we go out, our family feels incomplete, when I cook her favourite dish, I miss her. The agony will stay until my last breath. When we go out on the road, I see 19 year-old girls and think of my Sanjana, who would have been 19 if she were alive today. She was such an intelligent, bright girl, she wanted to be a doctor and was working hard for her exams.Q. Do you still think something could have saved your daughter that day?A. I lived behind the CBI office on 10th cross Ganganagar, and saw the wall being raised. Our neighbours would go for morning walks to the veterinary grounds and I didn't realize how a wall was being built over a pipeline. I keep asking why I couldn't relate to the fact that she could have been trapped under the wall, when I kept searching for her around that place. She had called me minutes before, saying her sandal was broken and she was stuck near the veterinary college. I never saw such a rainy evening in Bangalore like that.Q, One last word for the BBMP and state governmentA. Every event teaches us a lesson - BBMP should have learnt a lesson too when Sanjana died, it was an omen. The wall was built by corrupt men. Imagine if it had collapsed on a car or bus or many people passing by. If the media can relive Sanjana's death even today, why cannot the BBMP at least complete the investigation? Civil society should raise these issues and bring about awareness.I MISS MY SISTER, SAYS PRAGYA\"When I see siblings cuddling and teasing each other and sharing good times , I feel angry,\" said Pragya Singh, 13, Sanjana's sister. She remembers everything about her sister and the happy days they lived through. Today, she plays alone on the chessboard and there's no one to fight with for the television remote.\"I used to irritate and disturb her when she would study at night. She'd push me away from the study table. We had a rule - whoever stepped into the house first would control the remote. Sanjana watched Hanna Montana shows and Harry Potter movies. I'd cry because I wanted to watch cartoons,\" Pragya said, fighting back her tears..She also misses her sister when she eats her favourite food. \"We had a common choice for cuisine and some dishes, On our birthdays, we'd decide the menu. If she asked for something, I would always fight with her,\" she said.She showed Sanjana's sketch books with designs of western outfits and party wear for teenage girls. \"She would pull out old clothes and cut and sew them late at night, when we slept. She was very creative and often told me that she did not want to do a monotonous job,\" said her mother, Madhu.Pragya has kept Sanjana's books and notes and plans to use them for her studies during her board examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678619", "title": "Are jumbos needed for festivals, asks high court", "text": "KOCHI: The state government and various Devaswom boards in the state should inform the court whether the use of elephants is necessary in temple festivals , the Kerala high court ordered on Wednesday.A division bench of justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and justice K Vinod Chandran directed the state government and Devaswom Boards of Travancore, Guruvayur, and Cochin to inform the court whether elephants are necessary for conducting festivals as well as the steps taken to ensure public safety during festivals involving elephants.The court observed in the order that there might not be divided opinion about using elephants as part of rituals but opinions might differ regarding issues such as public safety and health during festivals involving elephants. The tendency of showing off elephants during festivals is increasing and it should be controlled in view of the danger posed to the public's safety, the court observed.The court also registered a case suo moto regarding the death of a child when an elephant went berserk during a festival at Koodalmanikyam Temple in Irinjalakkuda, Thrissur. A two-year-old child was killed in a stampede set off by three elephants running amok during the annual festival at the Koodalmanikyam Temple on May 13 this year. Fifteen people, including a mahout, were admitted to a hospital with injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678712", "title": "Monsoon may hit state on June 10", "text": "RANCHI: Monsoon is likely to hit Jharkhand by June 10, said weathermen on Wednesday, adding that it is on its normal course.According to the IMD, rain clouds have been gathering over the Bay of Bengal since May 26. \"If the flow continues the way it is doing now, then it will enter Kerala by June 1 and after 10 days it will come to Jharkhand. The state will also receive pre-monsoon rain by June 5,\" said G K Mohanty, director of IMD Ranchi.The showers should come as a relief for the people who have been wiping sweat off their brows for days and looking at the sky for those familiar dark patches. In the next 24 hours, there is a possibility of light showers. \"The maximum temperature will be 41 degree Celsius and the minimum will be 26 degree Celsius. In the next 24 hours the city will be partly cloudy,\" said Mohanty.The heat wave condition will continue in isolated places. \"Any temperature above normal is considered to be a heat wave condition. In isolated places of Jharkhand the temperature will be 4-5 degrees above normal and the overall temperature in the state would be 2-3 degrees above normal.\"In the next couple of days, there is a possibility of development of cloudy condition in isolated places. \"There is a possibility of light rain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679990", "title": "Team Anna ignores PM's quit offer, demands probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Wednesday refused to back off from its demand for an \"independent\" probe into its charge that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was culpable in \" Coalgate \", despite Singh's offer to quit public life if there was even a shred of proof against him.A day after the PM joined the confrontation with civil society over \"Coalgate\", the activists led by Gandhian Anna Hazare kept up the pressure, asking if it was correct that PMO overruled advice of the coal secretary in 2006 that coal blocks be auctioned: a decision which according to CAG fetched private players Rs 1.8 lakh crore in \"undue gains\".Some of the blocks in question were allotted to private players when Singh held charge of the coal ministry, something which makes the fresh standoff with civil society a high-stake affair for him, and explains his uncharacteristic outburst on Tuesday.The aggression of the Anna camp indicates its readiness to engage the government in a duel where, unlike in their previous showdowns, the PM will be in their direct crosshairs. In fact, Hazare himself joined in the demand for the PM to face a probe, contradicting the perception of a division within Team Anna over whether to target the PM.Official sources countered the Hazare group, pointing to a coal ministry release of May 17 that argues the decision to offer captive blocks was taken due to legislative delays, rising demand, high cost of imports and that revenue generation was not the sole objective.The government also said allocations were made on the basis of a screening committee and views of state governments taken into account and law minister Salman Khurshid said the activists seemed bent on leveling accusations unless their Lokpal demand was met. The coal minister went a step further to say that there was no need for any inquiry.Congress also took on Team Anna, daring the activists to go to police and courts instead of leveling allegations through the media. Maintaining that \"image of prime minister is beyond any doubt\", party spokesperson Rashid Alvi said, \"If you make allegations against somebody, then there is a law and order mechanism in the country. There is a court. You go to police and register and FIR instead of making allegations through media.\"But the activists remained undeterred. In fact, its leaders seemed encouraged by the PM reacting to their criticism, particularly the disparaging reference to him by Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan as \"Shikhandi\" or a shield used by Congress to deflect corruption charges. In a statement on Wednesday, the Lokpal campaigners asked if it was true that the PM had signed the files regarding policy on allocation of coal blocks himself.Although the government and Congress rallied behind the PM, opinion was split over whether he should have got embroiled in the confrontation with a feisty bunch who have skillfully stoked popular resentment over corruption. One influential school in Congress questioned the wisdom of entering into a slanging match with Team Anna, saying that it could only help the activists deflect attention away from their internal squabbles.Some Congressmen also feel that government need to calibrate its response carefully, considering that \"Coalgate\" was essentially about the findings of CAG which is basking in a glow post its report on the 2G scam. It could also not be blamed on an ally, and that government's credibility was not the same as in 2009 when Singh beat back L K Advani's \"weakest PM\" jibes.Team Anna had last week alleged coal block allotments rose up sharply from three-four to 22-24 during 2006-2009 when the PM held charge of the ministry.Pressing for a probe on Wednesday, Team Anna member Kejriwal did a trapeze act: he stopped well short of accusing the PM of misconduct, but insisted that an independent probe alone could establish his innocence, \"We will be most happy if the allegations leveled against the prime minister are found false. But how will it be proved? For that we need to have an independent investigating agency to probe it.\"He added, \"The PM has said that the allegations levelled against him were baseless, unfortunate and irresponsible. We want to tell him that it was not we who levelled these allegations but the CAG, which is a constitutional body.\"Another Team Anna member Justice Santosh Hegde, who had differed with his colleagues, said it was \"extremely difficult\" to believe that the allegations against Singh could be true but he also demanded an inquiry if there were documents to suggest some wrongdoing.On Singh's remarks that the public should make up its mind whether Team Anna's kind of politics will rule the roost in India, Kejriwal said the activists were not into politics. \"We are just common people who are affected by corruption and price rise. We oppose ministers indulging in scams and getting richer,\" he said.Rebutting Team Anna, Khurshid virtually ruled out any special investigation team of retired judges as demanded by activists to probe corruption charges. \"I don't think we can have for anybody, forget about ministers and certainly prime minister, media trials. We can't have street trials. We are in a country where rule of law prevails,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13680882", "title": "2 drunk men thrash police control room cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Another UT police constable faced the wrath of two men when he was abused, thrashed and his PCR vehicle damaged near Sector 17 bus stand late on Tuesday night.The accused have been identified as Raman Khurana, 38, and Vikrant, 29, both residents of Sector 33-A, Chandigarh. The two, who were inebriated at the time of the incident, have been arrested.\"Around 2am, two youths called up at emergency number 100 and complained that two persons were abusing them. When constable Brijender of Sector 17 police post reached the spot with two cops in his PCR vehicle, the two men entered into a scuffle with him,\" said sub-inspector Sarita Roy, in-charge of Sector 17 police post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680891", "title": "Inter-state rice smuggling racket busted, 6 arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Civil supplies officials of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) busted an inter-state rice smuggling racket and arrested the kingpin, who was involved in the racket for over seven years and evaded arrest by the police, and five of his associates. Police detained the six racketeers under the Goondas Act.A special team, led by additional director general of police (ADGP - civil supplies, CID) K Radhakrishnan, conducted the raid near Cuddalore and arrested Ganapathy, said to be the brain behind the racket.During questioning, Ganapathy told the investigating officers that he had been involved in the racket since 2005. Police teams arrested Ganapathy's associates Dhanraj, Senthil Arumugam alias Senthil, lorry driver Suresh, Dhanraj's brother Shanmugam, rice brokers Sakthivel and Sahul Hameed in connection with the case.The smuggler got the stolen rice from agents spread across the state and sold it at a higher price it in Kerala, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh after polishing it. ADGP Radhakrishnan said, \"Ganapathy engaged a Hyundai Verna (registration number TN 09 AZ 6194) as a pilot vehicle for the rice smuggling lorries to pass through the state borders without hindrance.\"Police detained the accused under the Goondas Act. Police raided at Ganapathy's rice godown near Cuddalore and seized four lorries used for smuggling the rice to neighbouring states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678313", "title": "Anirudda Chore back to the roots", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last few years, many Vidarbha cricketers migrated to green pastures but barring one none came back to their roots. Only Faiz Fazal left his Railways job to be back with Vidarbha last month. But he has a company now. Just 20 days after he left the Vidarbha to join Services, wicketkeeper Aniruddha Chore is back.Chore had joined the Indian Air Force (IAF) earlier this month and that meant his Vidarbha career was as good as over as Services Sports Promotion Board (SSPB) has its own team in Ranji Trophy. His sudden decision surprised Vidarbha Cricket Association officials who felt Chore should have consulted them. However the 20-year-old now has submitted the letter about his availability to VCA.While the calls to Chore went unanswered, VCA president Prakash Dixit confirmed the development. \"Yes, he has come back. We appreciate his decision. I don't want to discuss what has happened in the past. Now, he should concentrate on only cricket. The competition is very tough this time... everyone needs to prove his worth and Chore is no different,\" Dixit told TOI on Wednesday.Chore had a fantastic last year where he scored four hundreds-three in Col CK Nayudu Trophy and one in Ranji Trophy-in BCCI tournaments. He was also selected for the National Cricket Academy Under-22 camp in Bangalore this February. He was instrumental in Vidarbha U-22 side's success where he hit back-to-back hundreds against Assam and Haryana and later on also scored a valuable ton against Jammu &amp; Kashmir in the knock-outs. His unbeaten 253 against Haryana was the highest individual score by any Vidarbha batsman in BCCI matches. He has also scored his maiden first class ton against Services in only his third Ranji match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678731", "title": "Education dept in Ranchi University soon", "text": "RANCHI: The students of Jharkhand will not have to go to other states to do their masters in education anymore as Ranchi University will soon establish the department of education soon. A proposal has already been sent to the UGC which will take around two months to stamp its approval.RU vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"The syndicate and academic council approved the proposal on Tuesday and I have forwarded it to the UGC today (on Tuesday). Once it is approved by the UGC, the department will begin in the academic year 2012-13.\"According to the proposed plan, there will be 60 seats in MA in education which is a course equivalent to MEd and 20 seats for MPhil. Earlier, students of the state had to go to Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka to get a degree in MA in education and MEd as it is a basic requirement for getting a job as a lecturer in any degree college.Bhagat said, \"No other university in Jharkhand has a department of education. This department, when established, will help reduce migration and will make it convenient for the students of Jharkhand to attain higher degree of education.\"Masters in education will be a two-year course and MPhil will be one-year course. Masters in education will also be introduced in the department by next year. \"A budget proposal of Rs 3.85 lakh has been sent to the UGC that will include five years salary of teachers and cost of books, journals, furniture and other equipment\" said Bhagat.The department will be set up in the MCA building which is lying vacant as the MCA department has been shifted to basic science building of RU in Morhabadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680393", "title": "Railways blames land acquisition hurdles for delay in gauge conversion works", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst growing criticism that the railways has slowed down gauge conversion works in the Podanur-Pollachi stretch due to meager funds, Southern Railway has came out with a clarification saying the delay was because the state government could not complete the land acquisition as per schedule.Replying to a memorandum sent by MDMK district secretary V Easwaran, Southern Railway's planning and construction deputy chief engineer S Killivalavan pointed out that land acquisition is yet to be completed along the 10-km stretch between Pollachi and Podanur. About 42 hectares are yet to be acquired for the works, which would allow broad gauge trains to link Coimbatore with Palani, Madurai and Rameswaram. Four years have passed since the metre gauge rail route between Podanur and Dindigul was closed down for converting to a broad gauge line.\"The land acquisition has already been processed by the state government. Once the land is acquired, it will take one year for completion of the works,'' says Killivalavan in his letter.In the case of Pollachi-Dindigul stretch where works are close to completion, railway officials have revealed that an inspection by the commissioner for railway safety and engine rolling would be conducted very soon. Railway sources have confirmed that there are plans to operate passenger trains between Madurai and Pollachi through the newly developed stretch. Meanwhile, railways are silent on the progress in works between Pollachi and Palakkad.According to Easwaran, it is high time the state government and railways coordinated efforts to make the rail line a reality as early as possible. Palani remains without rail connectivity despite the large numbers of pilgrims visiting the city. Pollachi and Udumalpet are known for their agricultural produce and the lack of rail connectivity is affecting transportation. Pilgrims to Ervadi and Rameswaram are also finding it difficult to visit because of the lack of connecting trains.The total cost, which was fixed initially at Rs 559 crore is now revised to Rs 900 crore. Lack of proper fund allocations in the railway budget has affected the construction works. As per schedule, the works were supposed to be completed by this December. But now, officials have no idea when the project would be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679513", "title": "Car with bloodstains abandoned near Queen's Road", "text": "BANGALORE: A brand new Toyota Innova car was found abandoned near Queen's Road on Wednesday. The car had a dent on its bonnet and bloodstains on the left hand side. The number plates have been removed and all vehicle documents missing. The clueless police said the car has been there for over two days.A caller informed the control room about the car and a police team rushed to the spot. Soon, senior officers were called in and the vehicle inspection began. \"We looked for documents of identification in the car but everything had been removed. The number plates had also been removed. We've sent the engine number and chassis number of the vehicle to RTOs for identification,\" said HM Omkariah , assistant commissioner of police, Seshadripuram .Police suspect the car was involved in an accident or a crash. The left window has a gaping hole and there's a trail of blood on the body of the car. \"We found a stone inside the car so assume the window was broken with it. But we're yet to identify the source of the blood,\" said the officer.One possibility is that the car is from outside the state and has been dumped here to destroy evidence. Forensic and fingerprint experts inspected the car and collected evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680465", "title": "Mhada rejects Rs 11k lottery applications", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) has rejected 11,179 forms of those who had applied for 2,593 flats to be sold through lottery on Thursday. This is the first time that the authority has cancelled so many forms before the lottery was held.Now, the number of applications has dropped to approximately 1.4 lakh from the earlier over 1.5 lakh.Mhada officials said the rejection followed a major scam wherein an inquiry committee found that 425 winners of the 2011 lottery had submitted fake addresses and bank account numbers. While 100 winners resubmitted their papers for fresh scrutiny, the committee found that nearly 30 applicants had won the lottery more than once since 2006. Mhada is soon expected to file a FIR against the applicants who submitted fake papers and brokers who are involved in the scam.According to a Mhada Act provision, the board is supposed to scrutinize the documents before including them in a lottery. However, the board does not invite any enclosures from the applicants as the form is filled online, and hence, the procedure for scrutiny is dropped. This works to certain applicants' advantage as they fill forms repeatedly. \"To avoid a repeat of 2011, we insisted that every applicant submits address proof and Permanent Account Number this time,\" a Mhada spokesperson said.An analysis revealed that Pratiksha Nagar in Sion was the preferred location for middle-income group category buyers. Mhada has received more than 18,000 applications for the 84 flats in Pratiksha Nagar. Projects at Malwani, Malad received the highest low-income group applications-14,787 for 282 flats while Vinobha Bhave Nagar received 14,339 applications for 137 flats. Powai with 55 flats was the preferred location for 11,897 high-income group buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678614", "title": "Deer skins, gun, weapons seized from poacher", "text": "NAGPUR: A 54-year-old notorious criminal, Shalik Jadhav, who was been absconding since 12 years, was arrested by Umred police on May 26. The cops seized two deer skins and bones, a rifle and other weapons worth Rs 50,000 from him.Jadhav has many offences, including murder and attempt to murder, rioting, extortion and threatening, registered against him in rural and city police stations. Recently, he was booked for molesting a woman at Umred police station. Umred cops said he has also been booked earlier for selling deer skin and possessing arms. Jadhav, a resident of Umred, has been nabbed for the brutal attack on forest officer Ghanshyam Ambade in Umred on May 24.Earlier, Jadhav's cousin, Bandu Rathod was arrested for possessing a rifle and other sharp weapons. Police said Rathod was Jadhav's partner in crime.Cops were first tipped off about some weapons at Rathod's house on May 25. Police raided Rathod's residence and found a rifle and weapons worth Rs 16,000 without licence. \"We took Rathod into custody. Jadhav changed his location after learning about Rathod's arrest and this helped us nab him,\" said Shende.After a tipoff was received by IPS officer Neeyati Thakker , who is currently handling charge of Umred police station, a team of seven cops laid a trap in the night at Khursapar jungle. \"For several hours in the dark, they searched every corner before pinning down Jadhav, who was fast asleep,\" said Thakker. Cops found the deer skin from the nearby jungle.In 2000, Jadhav had been sent to Nagpur Central Jail on charges of attempting to murder someone at Umred. He fled from police custody while he was admitted at Government Medical College Hospital (GMCH) after he claimed to be feeling unwell.Investigating officer API Vasant Shende said Jadhav would keep on changing his location to mislead the cops. \"Since last few years, he was staying in the jungles of Lohara, Khursapar and Mhasada, and would hunt animals,\" said Shende.Police said Jadhav would injure the deer while hunting and keep following it until it died. He would then get a butcher to separate the venison from the skin. Jadhav would usually sell the venison and keep the skin. Jadhav, an expert of jungle areas, had managed to outwit the police by changing his name and location in the jungles for long.Police said Jadhav was produced in the district and sessions court and given three days police custody to allow the cops to seize the skin and weapons. Shende said they suspect more deer skins are hidden in the jungle areas but the magistrate refused to extend Jadhav's police custody. Jadhav was sent to magisterial custody on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678728", "title": "Enforcement Directorate summons to Jagan, firm fall flat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The summons served on Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) asking him to be present at its Delhi office on May 31 stands to become invalid as the accused is in jail and cannot comply with the order issued under the prevention of money laundering Act (PMLA).Moreover, ED's summons issued to the managing director of Jagati publications, too, would become redundant since the firm has no post of an MD.Officials who went to serve the summons asking the Jagati MD to be present at the ED office on June 5 realised that they would have to come back after modifying the summons.Although they did end up serving the summons on the Jagati company secretary, according to sources, these cannot be followed up through representatives.Delhi ED authorities are now in the process of identifying the proceeds from the irregularities following which they will proceed to attach assets under the provisions of the PMLA .Earlier, ED officials recorded the statement of Vanpic promoter Nimmagadda Prasad along with several other investors in Jagan's firms. Jagan auditor Vijay Sai Reddy's statement, too, was recorded by the authorities.The ED officials are now looking to record the statements of all the arrested accused in the mining and Emaar scam cases and the Jagan assets case.Since the accused like BP Acharya, KV Brahmananda Reddy, Y Srilakshmi, VD Rajagopal, Koneru Prasad and BV Srinivasa Reddy are in jail, ED is seeking permission of the court to record their statements.The court will hear ED's views in the matter along with the objections of the accused on June 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13486495", "title": "Treasure hunting in Trichy\u2019s flea markets", "text": "Trichy Times explores the city's flea markets and the various little treasures found there.Rummaging through piles of 'rubbish' is what normal people would call it. But here we have a bunch of antique enthusiasts, with an eye for ancient things.Remember the brouhaha when Vijay Mallya bought Tipu Sultan's sword for a whopping amount of Rs 1.5 crore? Just like that, Trichy too has its fair share of collectors. The city has a few streets which sells and trades such goods like the one near Murugan talkies - which has now reduced to a mere mountain of unused things. But, the crazy art lovers stick to old principles of networking among themselves and trade things belonging to the bygone era.Some collect it for passion, some for the aesthetic sense, many as an investment, while others as family legacies however, they all are collectors with pride. Dr. Ramachandran Perumal, a plastic surgeon who has been collecting since 1989, says, \"It is about appreciating art and carrying the glory of one's own history and lineage - I share a past with all my possessions which are now irreplaceable. Usually, we read about a legend or a myth in books and we believe them. But what happens when you see it right before your eyes? You feel absolutely proud. I try to dig out as much information I can about the product before I buy one. I do not see it as an investment but a legacy that I would like to pass onto my sons.\"It is a tricky market, where you can get conned easily. Which is why people are generally advised to check before buying a piece. There are industries which furnish antique goods and give you the look and feel of an old product while they cant also distort a new piece by acid treatments or burying the products in sand. They then look like replicas of products making it very difficult to distinguish it from the original unless you are that educated about the product. Dr Ramachandran goes on to add that, \"One should always bear in mind that the seller is always intelligent - they will go to any means to give you the product. It is the golden rule of buying. Buyers beware!\" Details are an important factor here if you want to extract information about an original artifact. Books on such subjects can be easily found in stores.The sellers are usually the ones who are tired of their collections and are looking to sell what they have. However, such people are not generally in for the money. They do it out of passion. S Anand Karthik, who owns an art gallery in the city, says he had given away his entire collection of cameras for a meagre sum. \"I had a wide collection which I had inherited from my father. Earlier it was not about the money or the investment, it was more about how people appreciated each other for their love to collect. I stopped collecting four years back and parted with my belongings as it was becoming difficult to maintain and I did not want it to rot away. So we gave it away to curio shops and friends. Though it was emotional, I also feel happy as it is now in a safer place.\"While many sell or part with their collectibles there are some like Syed Abdul Jalal, a railway employee whose collections date back to different eras and wishes to display them. Ask him about what he proposes to do with his collection and he replies with a nod, \"I am planning on a permanent heritage exhibition or a space where students can come in and get to know about the past. I want it to be a place of information where students can come and be entertained through appreciating art. His most prized possession of today's date is the General Rules of Railways - Calcutta Edition published in 1890 which he shows off with pride.Take Syed Abdul Jalal as an example. Treasure whatever you find may be precious. You never know, 20 years later it may be priceless !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683260", "title": "Kareena and Helen bond", "text": "One mesmerised audiences with her sensational cabaret on the footthumping song Yeh Mera Dil from the 1978 Amitabh Bachchan-starrer Don.The other reprised the veteran actress' inimitable act in Farhan Akhtar's remake of the original flick. Charmers both, neither Helen nor Kareena Kapoor imagined they would actually share screen space some day. Turns out they are in Heroine directed by Madhur Bhandarkar. Captured in the same frame, the actresses are seen sharing some warm moments. Apparently, while the entire set was excited to see Helen in their midst, Kareena was the happiest. She and Helen were locked in conversation for quite some time. And yes , they exchanged notes about the iconic number they shimmied to, albeit at different times. Reportedly, Madhur is delighted to have Helen on board his film. Sporting a de-glam look, complete with cotton saree and spectacles, Helen plays a well-known yesteryear actress in Heroine .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13680503", "title": "Thane clinic ransacked after death", "text": "THANE: Relatives of a 29-year-old woman, who died during surgery, went on a rampage and assaulted doctors at a maternity home in Vartak Nagar on Tuesday.The mob alleged that negligence on part of doctors at Maher maternity clinic led to the death of Jyotsna Belose. However, the medical team led by Dr Madhuri Sakhardande refuted the allegations. Sakhardande, a gynaecologist,y told the police that the patient suffered a cardiac arrest while she was on the operation table and all attempts to revive her failed.The Belose couple, residing near Siddheshwar lake, were consulting Dr Sakhardande after a miscarriage two-and-a-half years ago.Belose was advised a surgical procedure that would help her conceive. According to the police, doctors had informed the Beloses that it was a minor surgery and that Jyotsna would be discharged in an hour.Dr Sakhardande along with laparoscopy surgeon Dr Ujwal Mahajan and anaesthetisty Dr Neelima Kalekar had wheeled in Jyotsna inside the operation theatre on the clinic's second floor. However, during the surgery Jyotsna's heartbeat fell drastically and attempts to revive her failed, cops said. When doctors broke the news of Jyotsna's death, her relatives reacted violently.The operation theatre was ransacked and assisting staffers were assaulted. The victim's husband accused doctors of botching up the surgery. Later, relatives of the Beloses descended on the hospital and ransacked it. Policemen, who arrived at the scene, also incurred the mob's wrath. The crowd was pacified after corporator Narayan Pawar reached the clinic. No arrests have been so far and charges will be filed after the Thane civil hospital submits a post-mortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685802", "title": "Ashton and Demi not reuniting", "text": "Ashton Kutcher and his estranged wife Demi Moore are not reuniting, even though the former couple were spotted together at Kabbalah instructor Yehuda Berg's 40th birthday gathering on Thursday at the Intercontinental Hotel in LA's Century City.According to a source, the pair, who announced their plans to divorce in November, seemed to be \"friendly\" when they met.\"They were friendly. Ashton got up at one point and grabbed coffee in a paper cup for Demi, and they smiled a few times during the program at each other,\" the insider told People Magazine .\"They seemed to get along and feel comfortable,\" the source said.According to another source, friendly interaction is as far as things will go between the exes.\"The family is in a pretty good place right now, but Ashton and Demi won't go back to being what they were.\"Ashton will always be a part of their lives, especially with regard to the girls and how close he is with them,\" the source said.Of Moore, 49, who recently completed a stint in treatment, the source said that Kutcher, 34, \"will always support\" his ex, but \"the relationship has evolved and will continue to. There are just too many issues to go back. It's about figuring out how to move forward into a new place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678922", "title": "Deccan Park still shut to visitors as politicos play name game", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sprawling 31-acre Deccan Park abutting Qutub Shahi Tombs is yet to open its green doors to the denizens even after eight years of its development. The latest obstacle to its inauguration is a change of name demanded by local MIM MLA Muqtada Khan alias Afsar Khan who wants it to be called Salar-e-Millat Park , after the title given to late MIM president Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi by his followers.Conceptualized in 1984, the development of Deccan Park took 20 long years. The park is developed on 12 acres and the remaining undeveloped land is used by an idgah. The Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA) has put up facilities for boating, a toy train and a musical fountain. Although Rs 2.5 crore was spent on the park, its inauguration was stalled on several occasions owing to litigations. The high court, earlier this year, dismissed the AP State Wakf Tribunal stay on the land which was delaying its opening. This had raised hopes for inauguration of the park.But the latest challenge comes in the form of a request for change of name from Deccan to Salar-e-Millat, said sources in the Secretariat.A letter to the government requesting the change of name has demanded that the inauguration be put off until the wishes of the leaders are met.Besides the request for name change, another civil suit is also pending with the Wakf Tribunal against the government alleging that the QQSUDA had developed the park by destroying graves.According to QQSUDA officials, most of the investment made to develop the park has gone down the drain owing to the delay in opening. The toy train was removed as it had rusted. The path of the train was later converted to a jogging track. The boating facilities also have gone to seed and require restoration. Officials also claim that more than Rs 5 lakh is being spent every month for the upkeep of the park which has not yet been opened to public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679739", "title": "Principal, driver held for sending defamatory SMSs about school, released on bail", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrantwadi police on Tuesday arrested Nandini Mitra (48), principal of Sharad Pawar International school at Charoli, and her driver Sushant alias Bappa Sukumar Karmokar (29) for allegedly sending SMSs maligning the teachers and other staff of the institute between May 17 and 22. The two were released on bail the same day.Senior police inspector with the Vishrantwadi police Motichand Rathod on Wednesday said a dispute started between Mitra and the school management, following which she purchased a new handset and started sending defamatory SMSs to the teachers, students and parents.Rathod said investigations have revealed that Mitra had sent the SMSs to project the school in a bad light so that parents pull out their wards from the school. In a statement issued, Deputy general manager of the school management Maj Amrit Mane said the school authorities were receiving SMSs from an unknown mobile number.Mitra and her driver were arrested under IPC sections and Information Technology Act on a complaint lodged by school director Dilip Kawad on May 23. Mitra was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679764", "title": "Text messages in case of waterlogging", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have identified 173 stretches in the city which are prone to chronic waterlogging and 194 parking spots for days when heavy showers are expected. Announcing monsoon preparedness plans on Wednesday, the police said they will inform motorists about diversions and precautions through their website and will circulate mass text messages if there is waterlogging.The parking spots identified include grounds of private institutions like schools, hospital premises, malls and public parks. Traffic cops will be posted at stretches where chronic waterlogging is likely.Officials said there would be 29 days between June and September when the tide would rise above 4.5 meters. Severe water-logging is expected on these days, if a downpour accompanies the tide.The city will face high tides beyond the 4.5-meter mark on seven days in June: 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 22, with the highest expected tide at 4.99 meters on June 5. July will have 10 days of high tide, August 8 and September 4.\"Our focus would be more on traffic regulation than penalizing people,\" additional commissioner Brijesh Singh said. \"The department will do its best to get rid of problems due to stranded vehicles.\" Crane operators have been told be ready to clear CNG taxis which often breakdown on flyovers during the monsoon. BEST will be informed through the traffic control room if buses develop a problem. CCTVs and traffic signals are also being repaired.The traffic department has also issued precautions for motorists. Car owners have been advised to carry a small hammer along to break open the windscreen if the central locking system fails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13680022", "title": "Man uploads student\u2019s picture on porn site, held", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have registered a case against an unidentified person for allegedly manipulating and uploading a photograph of an MBBS student on a porn site. A senior police officer said that the incident came to light some days ago, when the victim, Sapna (name changed), and her father filed a complaint with the Rajendra Park police.The responsibility of investigation was assigned to the Information Technology (IT) department and on recommendation, an FIR under Section 67-67A of the IT Act was lodged. Sapna is a 3rd year MBBS student at Maharshi Dayanand University , in Rohtak and lives in Rajendra Park with her family. \"The victim had an account on Facebook and someone took the photo from her account, edited and uploaded her objectionable photograph on a porn site. On the recommendation of the IT cell, we have lodged an FIR and the cyber cell team is investigating the case,\" said Bijendra Hooda, SHO, Rajendra Park police station. Police also said that the responsibity for the case's inquiry has been assigned to cyber cell in-charge, Suresh Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "13679050", "title": "BJP-TMC clash over bandh", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Three BJP supporters were injured in an alleged clash with Trinamool Congress men at Salboni in West Midnapore on Wednesday. While BJP claimed that Trinamool activists attacked their men when they were campaigning in support of Thursday's strike, the Trinamool denied the allegations.Three BJP supporters were injured following a clash with the ruling Trinamool Congress supporters at Salboni in West Midnapore on Wednesday evening. BJP district leaders alleged that TMC activists attacked their men when they were campaigning in support of the Thursday strike at Pirakata.\"Trinamool men attacked us and three of our local leaders sustained serious injuries,\" said Subhajit Roy, BJP district youth secretary.Salboni block president of Trinamool, Nepal Mahato , denied the allegation. He said that no Trinamool worker was behind the incident.Nepal added that BJP leader Tarun Mahato who was leading the campaign was with Maoists earlier and people probably heckled him because they were angry at him.He said that the BJP leader Tarun Mahato who was leading the campaign was with the Maoists earlier and several people were angry on him. Some of them probably heckled him and no TMC man was behind the incident. Police reached at the spot to investigate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680255", "title": "'No construction on Transharbour link without green nod'", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-delayed Rs-8,800 crore Mumbai Transharbour Sea Link (MTHL) is once again under a cloud with the National Green Tribunal recently restraining the MMRDA from taking any final decision on the tenders or issuing a final work order to start construction without its permission.\"We feel that substantial questions relating to environment are involved in the case, which needs to be considered,\" said the New Delhi-based tribunal, while hearing an application filed by Worli resident Dileep Nevatia. The tribunal, while admitting Nevatia's application, has allowed MMRDA to go ahead with the tender process. Nevatia's application claimed that the MMRDA was going ahead with the sea link on the basis of an outdated environment impact assessment (EIA) report. According to Nevatia, the environmental clearance for construction of the MTHL project was granted on March 11, 2005. \"No construction in consonance with 2005 environmental clearance was carried out for the last seven years, and to start work after such delay would affect the environment,\" claimed the application.\"The move by the tribunal is welcome,\" said city-based environmentalist Debi Goenka of Conservation Action Trust . \"A fresh EIA study should be carried out to gauge the impact of the trans-harbour sea link,\" added Goenka.The project has been dogged by controversies since it was first proposed in 1984. Environmentalists, led by the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), have sought a change in the alignment of the link-it wants the starting point of the MTHL to start 700 metres south of its current position in Sewri. BNHS has argued that thie re-alignment is crucial to save the Sewri mudflats and flamingos.According to BNHS, there are around 150 bird species in the area. BirdLife International and BNHS have designated the area as an Important Bird Area and \"a potential Ramsar Site\". While bird species, including the black headed ibis, brown headed gull, whiskered tern eastern imperial eagle and black tailed godwit, the Sewri mudflats are known for the greater and lesser flamingos that migrate to the area.The tribunal has asked the MMRDA and state and Union authorities to file responses to the application. The case will be heard on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684575", "title": "Social media for recruitment", "text": "Social media has taken the whole world by storm but a lesser explored segment is the impact of social media for HR. What's in it for HR managers looking to hire the right employees? Apparently a lot, says Unnati NarangGone are the days when companies had to hunt for prospective employees on traditional channels like employment exchanges or classified advertisements. An approach more direct and focused has emerged with the ever-expanding reach of social media. Looking for a sales rep? Go find him on a common interest group on Facebook. Looking for a leadership coach? Hunt for interesting tweets to find the person behind the one-line wit. Social media helps you find prospective employees.\"We believe that social networking is really just the Web becoming a tool that fosters more interaction. The future likely includes more rich media on any device (and employees will have many) allowing people to communicate, share and digest more information any time they want and about virtually every aspect of their lives. The most effective use of social media as a tool is not merely for marketing, public relations or even for just effective customer support but as a means to connect directly and engage with current and prospective employees,\" says Aadil Bandukwala, India - talent acquisition advisor, social media and community professional, Dell India.How would one compare it against traditional tools of recruitment? \"Traditional tools of recruitment enabled leaders to rely on their gut instinct when making hiring decisions and whether they liked someone personally was a major influence. The traditional hiring metrics, including quality of the cover letter and interview, compete in importance with the personal preferences of the hiring manager. The employers base hiring preferences on the applicant's personality, sometimes even more than on the hard skills an applicant brings to the table. The social media is a more targeted approach. It helps you focus on the things that actually matters while in a job. Though it limits the gut instinct recruitment of instinctive leaders,\" says Urvashi Bahuguna Sahay, founder and CEO, Excluzen.Then, there are also those who feel that comparing social media to traditional media is like comparing apples and oranges. \"How many candidates do you have in your database? Whatever the number is, it doesn't come close to how many potential candidates are on Facebook and Linkedin. Hence, traditional tools cannot be compared to the social media tools as it is always better to have a integrated 360 degree approach and evolve, adapt and change to newer ways,\" says T Muralidharan, managing director, TMIe2EAcademy.That said, social media has its own set of challenges. Certain precautions must be taken when recruiting through social media. \"An organisation needs to take utmost care when its employees engage on its behalf on social media platforms. An organisation needs to 'empower' its employees to make sure that both from a recruiting perspective and from a candidate's experience touch point, the end-to-end process is seamless and delivers on the set expectations. To 'empower' its employees, an organisation needs to do two things:Have a social media strategy in place so that the designated individuals have a ground to fall back on and revert to. Invest in training its employees on different social media platforms. Says Bandukwala, \"At Dell, we have a social media university that renders certifications across different platforms to employees once they complete their training. This way, employees are confident of what and how they need to communicate across social media and tailor specific messages relevant to their target audiences.\" Have a social media policy in place - You want your employees to essentially use social media the right away - thereby it is imperative that a social media policy be in place that tells employees that they need to respect privacy, protect information and follow the law. Based on the organisational culture, dynamics and people policy, a social media policy can be rolled out which employees can be encouraged to follow,\" adds Bandukwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679904", "title": "Team Anna's foreign aid under lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can foreign funding be used to sponsor domestic agitations in India? Faced with a PIL raising this issue in connection with alleged grants made by Ford Foundation to Team Anna, the Delhi High Court on Wednesday asked the Centre to verify if these were received after prior permission from authorities.\"Why don't you check it yourself,\" a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw told the counsel for the Centre, on a PIL that also seeks CBI inquiry against members of Team Anna for allegedly receiving funds from foreign organizations to run their agitation for the Lokpal bill.The bench asked additional solicitor general A S Chandhiok to treat the PIL as a representation and dispose it of in three months after giving a hearing to the petitioner. The court said the Centre will submit a report of its findings to the court after three months, even as it asked petitioner Manohar Lal Sharma, an advocate, to submit a copy of the petition to the home ministry.Sharma in his PIL alleged that Team Anna violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) since the Act mandates an organization has to seek permission from the central government in order to receive any funds from any foreign company or organization. It said Team Anna members violated FCRA and the Centre had failed to take any action against them. Listing some foreign organizations, the petitioner urged the court to declare the agitation launched by Team Anna as illegal and asked the HC to direct the Centre to ensure there were no foreign sponsored agitations in the future.It sought a direction to \"Union of India to conduct CBI investigation against team members and others and ask for an action taken report\".The petitioner alleged, \"Team Anna has been running their anti-government graft movement... for creating false propaganda for lowering Indian Parliament and defame entire constitutional and judicial structure as corrupt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679812", "title": "Why can\u2019t the university plug its leaks?", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the pillars of an efficient and effective education system is the way it approaches its examinations, conducts them, and gives a fair and equal chance to every student. This critical prop seems to have weakened to the point of collapse at Mumbai University (MU). Of the last 150-odd years in which it has held examinations, 2012 has arguably been the worst: students received their hall tickets late, exam centres were mixed up, the evaluation process was hit, wrong question papers made their way to exam halls , and at least four papers leaked hours before the exam.Why has it taken so long for alarm bells to start ringing? \"A large exam system works on several fronts. Apart from an efficient machinery of people, the goodwill of principals and teachers and the tip-offs one gets from campuses, is crucial. A lot of it has dried up after going unheard under the new administration,\" said former pro-vice chancellor A D Sawant.Sawant recalled an instance when a student tipped him off about a teacher who gave important questions that often matched with the university's question paper. \"We swooped down on the campus and realised that a paper setter was indeed giving out 90 to 95% of the question paper to students who would join his tutorial.\"The goodwill of principals, teachers and students may have once been taken for granted--now that it's dried up, it's hurting. What's added to the epic failure of the university on the exam front is the silent non-cooperation of principals from many of the 650-odd colleges under MU.Under the current set-up, officials have sneered at tip-offs, said college heads; in fact their response to any hint of a paper leak has met with an almost immediate stiff denial. It isn't easy to plug leaks in the space of one night given this university's labyrinthine. But the problem is that no one seems to be even acknowledging the problems, said experts.\"Living in denial has not helped anyone. The university should have suspended all tainted exams, identified where the leaks took place, overhauled the process, and then started afresh,\" said a principal of a college in the western suburbs. \"By denying the paper leak, the vice chancellor has sent a wrong message, giving the culprit leeway to carry on the `business' of selling question papers unabashedly,\" added another principal of a south Mumbai college.Most feel the core problem lies in the fact that several courses do not have full staff strength. Plagued by teacher shortage, the university is forced to fall back on contractual teachers for setting question papers. \"Too many newly appointed teachers have been given the task of setting papers this year. Several senior professors with decades of experience were not considered for this job,\" said a principal of an engineering college in the central suburbs.Like engineering, nouveau courses like Bachelors in Management Studies launched at the turn of the century have not managed to attract full-time teachers. Many of the contractual teachers the university has had to fall back on run coaching classes and their students are privy to 'important' questions that are handed out to them just a few days before the exam,\" said a principal.It is common knowledge that no one was brought to the book after the TYBMS paper leaked in November last year; and the committee inquiring into this year's TYBMS paper leak has made little headway a month after the International Finance paper leaked.And just as the university thought it had an answer within the folds of its system to combat paper leaks, by sending question papers via different modes, administrative snafus hit it in the face. College teachers blame the key officials, including those handling examination work, and said these officers have never set a paper or evaluated answer books. \"The current administrative set-up is a very weak one,\" said a principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681300", "title": "60-year-old killed in shop, phones stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old was found murdered on Wednesday in his family-owned shop in Kandivli (W) after a robbery took place there during the wee hours .The deceased , Manikchand Jain, was strangled with a loin cloth inside the store . Eighty cellphones made in China and five other branded handsets , collectively worth Rs 1.17 lakh , were stolen from the shop . Police suspect insider involvement in the case .\"Due to space constraints at home and to keep vigil on the shop , Manikchand would sleep inside the shop every night and return home the next morning . He rarely visited the shop during the day ,during which time his elder son , Hitesh, ran it,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude .Neighbours told the police they would sometimes find Manikchand strolling on the street late at night . On Tuesday night , Manikchand reached the shop at 10.30 pm. But when he did not return home by 9am the following morning and was not responding to phone calls either , his wife got worried . She then asked Hitesh to rush to the shop .\"When Hitesh reached the shop , the shutters were down as usual . Manikchand would always use the rear entrance , so Hitesh went to check there . He found the door latched from outside,\" said an official . Manikchand usually slept in the narrow passage inside the shop . When Hitesh entered the shop , he found Manikchand dead in the passage , with a loin cloth around his neck and patches of blood near his mouth . Hitesh called up the police emergency number 100 around 11.30 am. Investigators said Manikchand had died at least ten hours earlier .\"There were no signs of forced entry , which suggests that Manikchand could have opened the door to the killer , who may have been an acquaintance .Therewere no signs of a scuffle. Nothing was disturbed in the shop . The accused had systematically emptied the display counters and stolen eighty phones of Chinese make and five branded handsets ,\" Hargude added . When the police arrived , they found few untouched cellphone packs inside the display counter.Manikchand's body has been sent for an autopsy . Officials said a pillow was found lying near the body and could have been used for suffocating Manikchand . No ligature marks were visible on Manikchand's neck . Police believe theft was the motive behind the murder.Neighbouring residents did not hear any sound from Manikchand's shop on Tuesday night . A resident of Hindustan Naka , Manikchand stayed with his wife and two sons , Hitesh (30 ) and Lokesh (28).His house is very close to the cellphone shop , 'World Mobile'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13681237", "title": "Gang-raped minor from Hisar commits suicide", "text": "HISAR: A 17-year-old gang-rape victim committed suicide on Tuesday, allegedly after she was pressurized for withdrawing the police case by the accused.Acting on the statement given by the victim's mother, police have booked nine people including a woman, for allegedly abetting the victim in taking her own life.According to the mother, her daughter was under severe mental stress as the accused were threatening her to withdraw the case. The girl, a school dropout, was gang-raped allegedly by Krishan Saini, Pardeep Kumar and two other unidentified people on March 25.A case of gang-rape was registered and Krishan and others were arrested. A police officer said that Krishan's brother and other family members had been allegedly pressurizing the girl to withdraw the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "alwar/dholpur/jaipur", "code": "13680407", "title": "Khaki woes: Only batons to fight mining mafia", "text": "ALWAR/DHOLPUR/JAIPUR: The government of Rajasthan had claimed to have introduced harsh measures to curb illegal mining in its affidavits before the Supreme Court. However, the increased mining accidents and the way mines mafia have become far bolder putting the police on the back foot tell a different story.In Alwar, Dholpur and Bharatpur, which come under Mewat and Dang regions, policemen armed with only batons are asked to nab the culprits in various areas located on the border neighboring Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot in his budget speech had called for introduction of the Anti-Illegal Mining Force having at least nine companies in the force. Whether it will be constituted or not is a different question but scarcity of the cops in the districts where illegal mining is rampant is a big concern.A senior police officer posted in Dholpur district when asked if the constables and head constables are hesitant towards guarding the chowki (posts) which are situated on the bordering districts, said, \"Personnel strength has been a problem and many constables because of age and illness apply for transfers out of the district especially from field postings on the outposts. We had written about it to the police headquarters to provide extra forces to our district other than the regular police.\"IG (Bharatpur range) Anand Srivastav, when contacted, said, \"Whenever we need extra force we write to the government and authorities concerned. At present, we have 150 border home guards and two companies of Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC) for the districts including Alwar, Bharatpur and Dholpur.\"At some of the outposts which connect Rajasthan to Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh, there are merely three to four home guards to check the trucks coming from bordering districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678878", "title": "Election commission notice to K Chandrasekhar Rao for religious comments", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission (EC) issued notices to Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhar Rao for his comments during campaigning for the Parkal bypolls which have been deemed to be in violation of the model code of conduct.The EC asked the TRS chief to file his explanation before 3pm on May 31. The notices to KCR were issued based on a complaint lodged by the Bharatiya Janata Party that the TRS chief had invoked religion in an attempt to influence the electorate.In another development, the YSR Congress on Wednesday gave a representation to chief state election commissioner Bhanwar Lal urging him to stall till June 12 the release of a Telugu film starring Balakrishna claiming it had several comments of a political nature which could influence voters. 'Adhinayakudu', the movie in question, is slated for release on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680894", "title": "Marathon surgery revives 58-year-old cancer patient", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors in a city hospital have removed a cancerous tumour that extended from the right kidney to a major blood vessel in the heart of a 58-year-old patient. Though doctors admit that the surgery wasn't uncommon, what complicated the condition - a block in the heart - made the operation a rare one.A statement from Global Hospitals said that PK Delhi Babu was diagnosed with a malignant tumour. Doctor decided to undertake the risky surgery, because if left untreated, the cancerous tissues could block the supply of blood to the lungs causing death. During the preliminary examination ahead of the surgery, doctors saw a block in the patient's heart.On May 22, doctors did a 10-hour complex surgery in which they removed the cancerous tumour from the kidney and heart and combined it with a by-pass surgery to remove the block. \"The patient is doing well now. He is likely to be discharged in a couple of days,\" said cardiac surgeon Dr Madhu Sankar.The patient was operated upon by doctors from the cardiac surgery and urology departments. The right kidney with the cancer was removed and at the same time a coronary bypass surgery was done as the patient had a blocked coronary artery. The cancer affected parts in the heart and both teams worked in synchronisation to remove it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681046", "title": "Climate change may impact wheat productivity in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The climate change in northern India is likely to have a severely detrimental impact on the productivity of wheat, the prime crop in Punjab, which is likely to go down by over 8% by 2035. Temperature in the state is expected to go up by over 1.5 degree Celcius, than that is being experienced in summers at present.Research by scientists in Punjab Agriculture University on the impact of climate change on not just crops, but also on forest plantations, have got the state forest department worried. For, over 16,000 km of area across six districts, in the Kandi belt of the state, is expected to be grossly impacted by rising temperatures.\"About two-thirds of the forest in the state is vulnerable to climate change as declared by the Forest Survey of India and Indian Institute of Science,\" said Dr Kuldip Kumar, chief conservator of forests.\"As per the research work done on the impact of climate change in Punjab, wheat production will come down by 1% in the next 10 years. Growth of plants will get stunted and crop will mature before time, which will have a staggering impact on the productivity of the crop,\" said Dr S B Roy, former professor at IIT and currently serving the Indian Institute of Bio Social Research and Development, Kolkata.What has compounded the concern is the fact that the area defined vulnerable to climate change by the Forest Survey of India covers 67% forest area in the state. As per watershed atlas of ministry of agriculture, Kandi area contains two water resource regions, four river basins including Ravi, Beas, Sutlej and Ghaggar and four catchments.\"There are 5,687 villages falling in the vulnerable landscape which are already backward in socio-economic terms. An important source of income for inhabitants of Shiwalik tract is timber and climate change will have a far higher adverse impact here than anywhere,\" said Dr P A Bhojwaid, director, Forest Research Institute, Dehradun.Keeping in view the serious ramifications in Kandi area due to climate change, the state government had selected the area for national programme of Green India Mission, which is one of the eight missions under the National Action Plan on Climate Change (NAPCC).\"Departing from the earlier practice of raising the plantations, the Green India Mission for the first time emphasizes the restoration of ecosystems such as grasslands and pastures, wetlands and degraded forests. There is a special emphasis on improving the quality and density of forests, restoration of biodiversity and, in this way, the enhancement of ecosystem services,\" said H S Gujral, chief conservator of forests, Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679120", "title": "Water supply to be hit in Hyderabad today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Water supply in several areas in the city and surrounding municipal circles will get affected on Thursday due to pump failure at Singur reservoir. According to a release from the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;), it would not be able to supply 22 million gallons a day ( MGD ) of water to its customers.A standby pump suddenly failed and pump manufacturers Kirloskar Brothers Limited have inspected it and recommended total overhauling and servicing with replacement of 23 major parts. While the repair work was on, another pump developed problems in the early hours of Wednesday. As a result, the water supply would be affected to commanding areas (tail-end areas) covered under Hydernagar, Khanapur and Lingampally reservoirs. The residents of Gudimalkapur and its surrounding areas under O&M; Division-III would get short supply of water.Subsequently, areas under Sanjeevareddy Nagar (S R Nagar) and its surrounding areas O&M; Division-VI, Marredpally (VII), KPHB Colony (IX), Chintal and Jagadgirigutta (XII) Sainikpuri (XIII) and Chandanagar and its surrounding areas (XV) would get short supply of water. The repair process is likely to take 24 to 36 hours. Meanwhile, HMWS&SB; executive director G S Panda Das has given instructions to officials to supply water through tankers for the tail-end consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679160", "title": "Lt-Gen Suhag's promotion to commander rank on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday cleared the promotion of Lt-General Sanjeev Chachra to the Army commander rank, even as the case of Lt-General Dalbir Singh Suhag remains on hold due to the discipline and vigilance (DV) ban imposed on him by outgoing Army chief Gen V K Singh.While Lt-Gen Chachra will take over the Chandimandir-based Western Command from Lt-Gen Shankar Ghosh, who too retires on May 31 like the Army chief, the present Srinagar-based 15 Corps commander Lt-Gen Syed Ata Hasnain will replace him as the military secretary at the Army HQs in Delhi.The defence ministry had sent files of both Lt-Gen Chachra and Lt-Gen Suhag, the present Dimapur-based 3 Corps commander who is slated to become the Army chief in August 2014, to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet for approval to the Army commander rank.Lt-Gen Suhag was to replace the chief designate Lt-Gen Bikram Singh as the Eastern Command chief in Kolkata. But Gen V K Singh earlier this month slapped a show-cause censure notice and the DV ban on Lt-Gen Suhag, in what is seen by many as a bid to scuttle the succession line in the 1.13-million strong force.Gen V K Singh held that Lt-Gen Suhag \"abdicated responsibility\" and acted in \"a most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner\" in handling a botched operation in Jorhat region of Assam by an intelligence unit under him last December. Consequently, one of the first tasks before the new Army chief will be to examine the notice-ban on Lt-Gen Suhag, who now has till June 10 to give his explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13681246", "title": "A calm mind could have saved him: Experts", "text": "MANALI: Ludhiana-resident Raghuwinder Singh, who was trekking the treacherous and temporary routes of Rohtang Pass in Manali, would have been alive if only he had followed some basic rules of mountaineering. Experts say a series of mistakes cost the 35-year-old his life.''I have no idea of the way beyond this point,'' were the deceased's last words recorded in his iPod. Raghuwinder's body was found in a gorge near Sagu waterfall on Tuesday after rescue teams searched for more than 15 hours. What surprised police and seasoned mountaineers was that the spot where the victim deviated from route was not very difficult.Dicky Dolma, world's first youngest woman to scale the Everest , said Raghuwinder could have easily reached his friends. ''If he had lost his way, he should have stayed at the last familiar point. The haste to get out of the situation must have put him in more trouble. Trekking in unfamiliar area alone was the first mistake and not marking the route was the second mistake because of which he was left completely confused. A calm mind could have saved his life,'' she said.Raghuwinder and his cousins Navdeep, Gurpreet and Sukhjinder, had started trekking from Chumbak Mor but his exhausted cousins left him near Beas Nullah while he continued the climb. Though more than 5,000 tourists were enjoying in the snow at Beas Nullah and Sagu waterfall, Raghuwinder continued climbing until he was out of sight. Experts said he was probably following a trail that led to a dead end with the deep gorge on the other side and he expressed his fear in the recording.''Rahni Nullah area is notorious for high velocity winds. We cannot exactly know what the situation was like at the time but it is unbelievable that he lost his life very close to the highway and inhabited area. Following the water stream, screaming or waiting for relief could have saved his life,'' said Dicky Dolma, first youngest woman to scale Everest.This is not the first time mountaineers or tourists have lost their lives in Rohtang pass. Sixteen people were caught in a blizzard while crossing Rohtang on November 20, 2009. All were found dead. According to old-timers, the word Rohtang has originated from Bhoti word ''Ratang'', which means pile of corpses because hundreds of people have lost their lives while daring to conquer the 13,050 feet-high mountain pass.Providing no instructions regarding hidden dangers of the mountains to tourists, police and administration are also responsible for some accidents. While police keep an eye on tourists at snow points, they are unable to keep a track of those who wander off the suggested route.Ravi Thakur, who has taken part in many rescue operation on Rohtang, said there are many passes in the world that are higher than Rohtang but it is the most dangerous due to its trails, high velocity winds and deep gorges. ''Tourists who usually start walking leisurely find themselves trapped between valleys and rocks with dead ends. A trained guide or instructor is a must here,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679481", "title": "Heat is on, but rain god may show mercy over the weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital on Wednesday recorded the hottest day at 45 degrees Celsius. Little respite is in store for the city, with temperatures predicted to rise further.Temperature in Delhi is likely to increase further over the next two three days. On Thursday, the maximum and minimum temperature is likely to hover around 45 degrees Celsius and 29 degrees Celsius respectively,\" said R P Vashishth, director, regional weather forecasting centre, Delhi. Most places in north India have been reeling under intense heat. Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan was the country's hottest place on Wednesday, with the maximum temperature at 47.4 degrees Celsius, followed by Churu at 47.2 degrees.Bikaner, Kota, Jaisalmer and Barmer recorded maximums of 46.3, 45.7, 45.4 and 45 degrees respectively. The mercury hit 43.1 degrees Celsius in Dehradun, making it the hottest day in the Uttarakhand capital since 1988.Vashishth said that a western disturbance over north Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir region would affect the western Himalayan region and plains of northwest India from Saturday onwards. \"There is likelihood of thunderstorm with light rain accompanies with squall in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and neighbouring states from Saturday evening to Monday,\" Vashishth said.Most shopping malls and popular hangout areas in the capital wore a deserted look as people chose to stay indoors. \"There was no electricity in our area for about an hour. When I opened the windows, hot wind came gushing in,\" said Udit Bansal, a resident of East of Kailash.\"The temperature is high because of clear skies and hot southwesterly wind coming from Rajasthan,\" a Met official said.Due to the sweltering heat, doctors say, cases of heat stroke and gastroenteritis have gone up. \"Heat stroke is one of the most serious heat-related illnesses. To avoid this, people should drink plenty of water,\" said Dr M P Sharma, head of the internal medicine department at Rockland hospital .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13684957", "title": "US seeks clarification from Pak on Afridi's sentence", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has sought clarification from Pakistan on reports that a doctor who helped it track Osama bin Laden was given a harsh sentence because of his links with militants and not for his involvement with the CIA.\"We are actually seeking clarity on those latest reports. I'm aware of what you're talking about, so we've raised those with the government of Pakistan,\" State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters on Wednesday.It had previously been reported by Pakistan's state-run APP news agency that Dr Shakil Afridi had been convicted for helping the CIA track bin Laden by running a fake vaccination campaign in Abbottabad.Pakistani media reported on Wednesday that Afridi was sentenced by a tribal court on charges of links with the banned Lashkar-e-Islam militant group and its chief Mangal Bagh Afridi and not for his involvement with the CIA.\"It seems to contrast previous reports about his conviction and the basis of it, so we're trying to get clarity,\" Toner said when asked about the new reason being given by Pakistan for sentencing Afridi.\"I mean you know other than raising it very publicly as we've done via Secretary (of State, Hillary) Clinton you know and raising it consistently in our meetings with Pakistani government officials. It's unclear to me what else we could do for his case, but we certainly take it very seriously, the secretary's very clear in her remarks saying that you know, that there's not any basis for holding Afridi,\" Toner said.Meanwhile, a senior Administration official said that he does not agree with the argument that Afridi had links with certain terrorist groups.\"We do not believe in this new story,\" the official said, adding that the State Department has sought clarification from Pakistan on this confusing reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "13678791", "title": "I-T raids 7 places for coal irregularities", "text": "Ranchi/BOKARO: The income tax (I-T) department conducted raids at seven places in Jharkhand and Kolkata in connection with tax evasion through irregularities related to coal transport and removal of over burden on Wednesday.The raids started simultaneously at seven places including three in Bokaro and two each in Ranchi and Kolkata. Additional director (investigation) A K Shrivastava confirmed the raids but declined to give any details as the search and seizure was expected to continue till Thursday.Officials involved in the raids said the raids were conducted on the premises of Agarwal brothers who were allegedly involved in transportation of coal and over burden of two public sector undertaking the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) and the Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL).The two coal companies are subsidiaries of Coal India Limited (CIL) and have mining activities in different districts of Jharkhand.The three main partners of the coal transportation company BKB Company Private Limited are Vinod Agarwal, Arun Agarwal and Pramod Agarwal.The raids were also conducted at ACB Battery, another company owned by the Agarwal family which is situated at Jainamor locality.\"The transport company has a very huge transaction and are working for the two mining companies at different location including Phusro, Kathara, North Karanpura mines. The teams have managed to collect evidences of financial transactions which were hidden from the income tax department and a large number of accounts and deposits,\" said an officer.\"The picture will become clear only after the search and seizure which is likely to be completed on Thursday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13684708", "title": "Bharat bandh against petrol hike: Left leaders court arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left leaders Prakash Karat, A B Bardhan and Sitaram Yechury today courted arrested along with a number of their supporters in central Delhi as part of their protest against petrol price hike.The protest was organised at Delhi Gate this morning and a number of demonstrators blocked traffic.Holding placards and shouting slogans against the government, the Left activists marches towards the Daryaganj Police Station where they courted arrest.Besides Karat, Yechury and Bardhan, leaders like D Raja, Amarjeet Kaur and Vijender Sharma also courted arrest after the protest.Raja said the petrol hike was unjustifiable and it should be withdrawn immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13679341", "title": "District's dams under threat of going dry", "text": "NASHIK: The dams in Nashik have gone dry after the release of the last rotation of water for drinking purposes, with the except of the Gangapur and Gautami dams which still have 15% of water left over, that is purely reserved for purposes of drinking only.\"The Gangapur dam has a good amount of drinking water for Nashik city after all the water rotations - for farming and drinking. Now whatever (827 MCFT) water is left is for drinking purpose for citizens falling under the NMC's jurisdiction with respect to the reserved quota,\" Nitin Mahajan, resident deputy collector, said.Dams like Kashyapi , Palkhed , Teesgaon , Haranbari, Kelzar, Nagasakya, Bhojapur and others are all running dry while only dead stock in store.The average water percentage in the throughout the big dams across the district is less than 8%, the only exception being the Gangapur and Gautami dams.The district has plans to spend Rs 8.53 crores on the various temporary water supply schemes with immediate measures to make water sources available such as deploying water tankers to regions that are facing or that are likely to face water shortage.\"We received the first instalment of Rs 5.06 crores and then put forth the demand of Rs 3.46 crores. Work worth for the purpose of which completion for works worth Rs 1.46 crores has been completed have been received and completion of other projects is in process,\" the officials said.They added that Deola and nine other villages have experience success with the temporary water scheme. After water-related works were completed in these areasadding that the best part of the temporary water supply schemes undertaken was at Deola and nine villages the works were completed, the regions now have ample drinking water without requiring a single tanker to be pressed into service.The sources from the rural water supply department of the zilla parishad said that work on twelve water supply schemes, of water supplies - including temporary schemes and repair and maintenance works, as well as repairs and maintenance - have already been completed. and the projects commissioned as well.Sources added that the only pending task is the clearance of bills related to these projects bills from the respective projects which will be raised soon and the bills be cleared.Meanwhile, the district guardian secretary, T C Benjamin went on a tour of Sinnar and Deola tehsils to take stock of the water situation on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13680639", "title": "Migrant driver runs over local lad in Bethora, flees", "text": "PONDA: Pre-monsoon showers claimed a youth's life in Ponda on Wednesday morning. Shailesh Kashinath Gaonkar, a 26-year-old from Ghotawada-Bethora in Ponda, was killed after being run over by an interstate truck near the McDowell factory at Bethora.The accident irked locals. As the driver of the truck fled from the scene, angry locals stoned the truck. The incident paralyzed traffic on the busy Bethora industrial estate road for almost two hours and factory-goers were stranded amid traffic congestion; police personnel had a tough time clearing the traffic.According to Ponda police sources, Gaonkar was heading to his job at Bokadbag on Wednesday morning when his motorcycle skidded off the slippery roads and he was flung in front of the oncoming truck. The truck ran over the motorcyclist, killing him instantly.An offence has been registered against the truck driver Rajaram Hiraram , a native of Jodhpur-Rajasthan, under Sections 304-A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 279 (rash and negligent driving) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). However, the absconding truck driver was not traced until late Wednesday evening.Meanwhile, the Ponda police have handed over the dead body to his family after an autopsy conducted at Goa Medical College and Hospital at Bambolim on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681144", "title": "Office-goers still debate response", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday's Bharat bandh call over the petrol price hike has evoked mixed reactions from office-goers and businessmen , who are debating their response to a potentially ugly situation.Businessman Murtuza Ali, who employs 100 at his liaisoning and infrastructure firm, is compelled to ensure that his office functions. \"I cannot avoid paying staff salaries for the day. Even if few workers arrive, the air-conditioner will have to be switched on,\" he says. \"If I close, I will incur losses to the tune of Rs 50,000 in a single stroke.\"Public sector employees will play it by ear. The general administration department (GAD) of Mantralaya, like the municipal corporation, confirmed that no official holiday had been declared , but both admitted that attendance could suffer. \"Employees who travel long distances may decide to stay home and those who use public transport may doubt its reliability,\" said a GAD officer.Similar sentiments echoed through the corridors of corporates such as Tata, Reliance and Godrej. \"The Shiv Sena's support usually makes people stay at home during a shutdown. But I have braved every bandh in the past, and commuting is such a breeze. I reach my office in Vikhroli from my residence in Khar in 10 minutes, rather than the usual half hour,\" a senior female employee of an FMCG major said.Office-goers who call for home tiffins will have to eat out. Kiran Gavande of the dabbawallahs' union said his men will observe a holiday as their services could be hindered by inadequate public transport.Early birds who ply their trade before 9am foresee no problem. \"Essential services are allowed to function during any bandh,\" said Borivli news agent Jagdish Jain. \"Trains are expected to ply smoothly.\"Customer helplines for Bank of India and Standard Chartered confirmed their branches would be closed even though head offices bravely said all was well. The entertainment industry is gearing up for big losses too. Inorbit Mall at Malad will open for business only at 5pm. Cinema halls were wary of committing on whether show schedules would be normal.CORPORATE SECTOROFFICES |Mantralaya and BMC will function although attendance could be low. Major corporates have not declared a holiday todayBANKS |MD Mallya, chairman, Indian Banks' Association, said banks will be operational. But helplines of some private banks have advised people not to visit branches", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678384", "title": "Finally, political parties to get rooms at Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, political parties will get the facility of office rooms in the main administrative building of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The general body on Wednesday passed a resolution to frame a policy in this regard.The proposal witnessed heated discussion between the ruling and opposition groups during the special meeting held at Town Hall, Mahal.Mayor Anil Sole allowed a discussion on the policy decision to allot office rooms to political parties. Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre strongly condemned the allotment of office rooms and vehicles to political parties and office bearers without legal provisions.In a twist to the discussion, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke asked the administration to clarify whether there is a provision in the CNC Act to provide office rooms to leader of ruling and opposition group. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal informed the house about a provision to provide honorarium, telephone and other facilities to both of them. \"Office rooms may be allotted to both of them just like other facilities,\" he said.Datke said the facility may be provided if part of a policy. \"Policy should be framed to facilitate office rooms to all parties to attend to the problems of the citizens.\"Jaiswal informed the house there was no such provision. \"Office rooms were allotted to additional municipal commissioner, for which NMC had sent proposals to the state government. I am ready to discuss any issue but will not entertain any wrong statements,\" he said.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari told the house there were such provisions in New Delhi and Mumbai. \"Policy should be framed so that office rooms are allotted; it is in the interest of public,\" he said.Senior corporator Prakash Gajbhiye requested Sole to appoint a committee of corporators to frame a new policy, leading to a heated discussion between Gajbhiye and Tiwari. Senior corporator Sudhakar Kolhe too supported allotment of office rooms.Independent corporator Munna Pokkulwar accused Thakre of opposing the allotment of office rooms to parties attached with the ruling party.Angry over the remarks, Thakre demanded that office rooms should be allotted to registered fronts only and not to parties attached with fronts. \"I want to prevent any problems for corporators in case of an enquiry into expenditure on facilities provided without legal provision. Therefore, offices should be allotted only after drafting a policy,\" he said.Despite strong opposition from Thakre, Sole directed the administration to allot office rooms to all political parties with immediate effect. \"Committee will be prepared to frame the policy. Till then, political parties should get office rooms for the convenience of citizens,\" he ruled.Though the office rooms may be allotted once the policy comes into effect, it will be interesting to see whether Jaiswal allots office rooms before the policy comes into effect. Jaiswal has been firm on his decision not to provide any facilities outside of the rules.Property tax exemption to martyrs' familiesThe general body passed a resolution giving exemption in property tax to families of martyrs from any department, along with ex-servicemen and their families. Discussing the proposal, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the facility should also be extended to other martyrs. \"Three firemen of NMC also died while dousing fires. They should also be given the facility. Besides, the families of martyr policemen, CRPF jawans and others should also be given the exemption,\" he requested. Thus, Sole ruled the proposal as approved after adding Tiwari's suggestions.Sena demands scrapping of octroi on fuelIn a surprise for the BJP-led ruling party, Shiv Sena corporators led by group leader Suresh Talwekar staged a demonstration in front of Town Hall during the general body meeting, demanding lowering of octroi on petrol and diesel, which would give relief to citizens.Continuing his trend of staging demonstrations during every meeting, Talwekar and his supporters from the ward also demanded that mayor Anil Sole should solve the water crisis in North Nagpur. Sole, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav and Praveen Datke met Talwekar and assured to hold a meeting with officials of water works department to solve the problem. But Sole skipped the demand to scrap octroi on petrol and diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678999", "title": "Notorious burglar arrested for 23rd time", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Wednesday arrested notorious burglar Mantri Shankar for the 23rd time while he was going to Karkhana in a stolen Alto car to dispose of some gold items. They also recovered Rs 6.75 lakh worth stolen property, including 17 tolas gold, from his possession.During interrogation, 50-year-old Shankar confessed that in the last few months he had committed two burglaries in Gandhi Nagar, Tarnaka in the Osmania University police limits, stolen an Alto car from Karkhana area and a Pulsar bike from Bowenpally. The entire property was recovered from his possession.Since 1980, Mantri Shankar, also known as Shiva or Shivanna and a resident of Mohammadiguda of Chilakalguda, had been committing burglaries and thefts at various places in the city. In his 32-year crime life, Shankar had committed 228 property offences in the city.Police managed to arrest Shankar 22 times earlier and he was convicted in 209 cases. Shankar, a dossier criminal of the Chilakalguda police station, was released from jail in December 2011.As 19 non-bailable warrants were pending against him at various police stations, Shankar fled from the city after his release from the jail and settled in Lamjana village of Latur district in Maharashtra with his three wives. \"He has been visiting the city on and off to commit offences. We caught him on Wednesday during one such trip while he was trying to dispose of the stolen booty,\" Karkhana sub-inspector (SI) G Santosh Kumar said. The accused along with the seized property has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13679984", "title": "Rail tracks melt in heat", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Rail service was completely disrupted on the Sambalpur-Angul route for more than four hours on Wednesday after the tracks reportedly melted near Jujomora railway station in extreme heat. Train service was resumed at 2.30 pm only after replacement of the tracks. Several trains running on the route were delayed by several hours causing severe difficulties to passengers.Railway officers said the tracks melted because of extreme hit and overloading of trains. \"We have stopped all trains running on this route immediately after receiving the information. We have also taken steps on war footing to replace the damaged track. Train services resumed in the afternoon after completion of the repair work,\" Sambalpur ADRM Jiyendriya Diggi said on Wednesday.According to him melting of track is called \"rail-burnt\" ,which causes severe damage to railway tracks. \"Rail-burnt is caused because of multiple reasons. Frequent running of trains in boiling temperature causes heavy damage to the tracks. However, we will come to know about the exact reason behind the incident only after a thorough examination,\" Diggi added.Passengers, on the other hand, alleged that it happens because of poor maintenance of the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679497", "title": "HC frowns on indiscriminate grant of government lands", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing concern over the way government land is being divested in the name of grants, the high court has asked the state government to account, protect and utilize it in a better way.\"Once the extent of government land is ascertained through digitisation of records, the government could use its own land on priority basis for developmental activities instead of going for indiscriminate acquisition of private land and fertile land,'' Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh observed in his order on Wednesday.\"The government lands were being given to unscrupulous persons in the guise of grant in the periphery of the city limits in violation of guidelines. Indiscriminate grants are being made which is being misused by alienating the property for real estate , which fetches crores of rupees to middlemen and the grantee. The government, hereafter , shall stop granting land to individuals,'' the judge said.The judge suggested that the revenue department furnish the statistics of the land available at various places to the government. The grants already made shall also be taken note of and action should be taken as per law to protect government land, he said.The court has issued many directions while hearing this 2003 petition filed by one Lingappa complaining that records pertaining to his agriculture lands have been lost by the revenue department. The court has been monitoring digitisation of revenue records by way of an order passed in 2010 wherein the state was asked to digitise all revenue records in the state.Directive to private medical collegesJustice Ashok B Hinchigeri on Wednesday asked private medical colleges affiliated to ComedK and Karnataka Religious and Linguistic Minorities Professional Colleges Association not to fill those seats reserved under \"in service quota \"for those doctors working in government hospitals under the health and family welfare department.The judge gave this direction while adjourning the hearing of a batch of petitions challenging the selection of several candidates under the quota.PG dental counselling verdict reservedA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Wednesday reserved its verdict to Thursday on a writ appeal filed by Comed K challenging the single bench order directing them to redo the counselling for PG dental courses.Comed K claimed that the single bench's May 25 order will jeopadise the interests of 194 candidates who have already selected colleges/courses in the May 19 counselling. The single bench's order followed ComedK's refusal to allow the petitioner-candidates to select a seat as some of them had not brought demand drafts from the nationalized banks, and a few had not brought the original counterfoils along with their demand drafts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679657", "title": "Govt to let joint panel run Rajiv Gandhi Super-Specialty Hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: After failed attempts to run Rajiv Gandhi Super-Specialty Hospital at Tahirpur, the Delhi government has decided to hand over the hospital to a management body comprising officials from the Centre, the Delhi government and independent members, health minister A K Walia said in the Assembly.The hospital has been defunct for the past four years because of staff shortage. Delhi government's attempts to run it under public-private partnership failed each time due to the government's \"unrealistic\" terms and conditions.During the session, the opposition came down heavily on the government for wasting the hospital's infrastructure and also for the pathetic state of all government-run hospitals. \"These hospitals are terribly overcrowded. And the government is sitting on new hospitals,\" said Sahab Singh Chauhan, BJP MLA from Ghonda (north east).Responding to the criticism, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that Delhi hospitals are overcrowded as they cater to patients from neighbouring states too.The opposition also slammed the government for not having completed the 750-bed hospital in Dwarka which was proposed in 2007.Earlier, during the question hour session, opposition leader V K Malhotra criticized the government for allowing \"luxury\" private hospitals to run on government's charity land. \"Hospitals like B L Kapoor and Sir Ganga Ram that were given lands on charitable rates are now running luxury centres,\" said Malhotra.Meanwhile, the opposition also took a dig at the government for having failed to maintain the Yamuna. \"The river has turned into a drain causinh health problems to residents,\" said Malhotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680690", "title": "29-year-old woman dies of dengue in city hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old woman died at a private hospital in the city on Wednesday evening following a hemorrhagic shock caused by dengue. Manjula, a mentally ill woman, was brought to KHM Hospitals in Anna Nagar last Wednesday with fever and body pain. She was diagnosed with dengue on May 26 but did not respond to treatment.Manjula's father Kasinathan, a sub-inspector with the traffic investigation cell who resides at the police quarters in Aynavaram, told TOI that the hospital had told him that his daughter had dengue. \"We don't have a death summary yet, but the doctors confirmed that the cause of death was dengue. They told me the summary would be issued on Thursday,\" he said.Doctors at KHM Hospitals, however, refused to confirm that the death was due to dengue. Chennai Corporation officials said doctors in the hospital had told them that the death was due to bleeding caused by an infection of the urinary tract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "greb", "code": "13681929", "title": "War-child Modric looks to win Euro battle", "text": "GREB: Whatever happens at Euro 2012, it is unlikely to be the biggest challenge that Croatia playmaker Luka Modric has faced in his life so far.Like several of his fellow squad members, Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Modric was caught up in the brutal Balkans civil war in the 1990s and was forced to to flee the family village at the age of just six.One of his grandfathers was to be one of the many victims of the conflict, which saw his father fight for the nascent Croatian army. He used his salary to enroll young Luka in a football academy.\"That was an extremely painful period, not only for myself but for my family, friends and the whole of Croatia,\" Modric told Britain's Daily Telegraph newspaper in 2008. \"It is very hard to talk about and revisiting it now won't achieve anything.\"It is what has made me the person I am today. I am a lot stronger now. But I don't want to be constantly dwelling on it. I just want to move on and start afresh. Nothing can surprise me now. I am prepared for anything that is thrown at me.\"The 26-year-old will have plenty thrown at him at Euro 2012, not only in the shape of defending champions Spain's midfielders but also those of Italy and Ireland in their group games.That in itself will be a challenge for Modric and his team-mates as they seek to repeat their achievement in 2008 when they reached the quarter-finals, only to lose to Turkey on penalties after leading with a minute of extra-time to play.At the time, Croatia coach Slaven Bilic described the defeat -- in which Modric missed the first penalty in the shootout -- as a trauma that would haunt him and his team forever.\"It was a crushing feeling, to have certain victory taken from us and in such a manner,\" added Modric.However, the Croats erased part of that painful memory by reaching this Euro at the expense of the Turks, beating them in a play-off.Bilic, though, will be praying that Modric's mind will not be more on where his club future lies than on the task in hand, when the championships get under way in Poland and Ukraine from June 8.Modric's domestic future remains uncertain, with Spurs denied a spot in next season's Champions League after Chelsea won the trophy earlier this month, opening up a flood of potential suitors to tempt him away from White Hart Lane.Chelsea look unlikely to repeat their 40-million-pound bid from last year now they have signed Lille's Eden Hazard but both Manchester clubs -- champions City and runners-up United -- and Spanish giants Real Madrid are rumoured to be interested.The diminutive Modric, who was signed by then Spurs boss Juande Ramos for 16.5 million pounds in 2008 from Dinamo Zagreb, does not want to discuss where he might end up.\"I will decide about my future after the Euros,\" he told Britain's Daily Mirror tabloid.\"I will make the decision where to continue my career. I'm ready for the big tests,\" added Modric, who is under contract until 2016 and has been offered a reported 100,000 pounds (125,000 euros, $160,000) a week new deal by Spurs.In the meantime, he insists he is fully focused on the Euros.\"My priority is to help my country go as far as possible in Euro and with the opponents we have it needs all my concentration and ability directed towards that goal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13679018", "title": "Buried under rising prices, man ends life", "text": "VADODARA: The escalating cost of living due to rising prices took a man's life in the city on Tuesday night. Frustrated over the rising inflation, a 42-year-old man committed suicide at his residence in Gayatrinagar in Bajwa. Pramod Bhavsar ended his life by hanging himself with a dupatta when no one was at home.Bhavsar is survived by his wife, a son and a married daughter. The deceased left a suicide note behind, wherein he blamed the escalating prices for his extreme step.According to the police, Bhavsar used to work in a private engineering company at Ranoli-GIDC . He was suffering from aggravated pain in his leg and hence, he was irregular at work. \"Bhavsar has written in his suicide note that he was taking extreme step as he was not being able to cope up with the rising prices over last few months. His family shouldn't be considered responsible for his death. He also mentioned that he was not being able to keep his family happy due to inflation,\" Jahawarnagar police inspector B M Chaudhary said.Bhavsar's wife Geeta works at a private call centre and his son Umang (18) studies in standard XII. Bhavsar used to work as turner and his monthly income was barely Rs 7,000. Police said his wife used to work to make the ends meet. \"He must have got depressed due to the cost of living which is going up every few months. Investigations showed that there was no other reason behind his suicide,\" Chaudhary added.He seemed to have decided to take the extreme step as he had written the time and date on his suicide note. Bhavsar also wrote in his note that his house and property should be transferred to his son's name. Bhavsar's neighbours said he was a very happy go lucky man and never seemed depressed. They were surprised at his extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680477", "title": "Manohar Parrikar: Home ministry leaked Goa government's letter to media", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday accused the Union home ministry of leaking confidential correspondence sent by the state government to review the posting of a new deputy inspector general of police to the state in place of Ravindra Yadav, who was unilaterally relieved by the Centre. Parrikar has demanded that Yadav be retained in the state.The state government had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram on this issue.Parrikar said that in the letter he had expressed that the particular officer posted in place of Yadav was not suitable for the state. \"There are many reasons for the officer not suitable (for the state), his health can be one and the weather conditions in the state can be another. I have expressed this to the Union home ministry in a letter which has been shown on the national media,\" Parrikar said, declining to give a copy of the letter.\"Surprisingly a national media house obtained a copy of this letter and it means that the Union home ministry leaked the letter which was sent prior to DIG Yadav being relieved by the Union home ministry,\" Parrikar said.Sources said the letter clearly mentioned that the DIG posted to Goa is not medically fit to work here and therefore Yadav be retained in the state.In what appears to be a come down, Parrikar has now changed his demand for an apology from the home ministry and instead sought that they regret the way DIG Yadav was relieved. \"I am not going to entertain any correspondence nor take action on any correspondence on cadre issues unless they agree to change their attitude. I am not asking for an apology but they should regret what they have done,\" Parrikar said.He added that if the current situation is not properly addressed by the Prime Minister and home minister then he was \"very serious about getting a separate cadre for the state\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679511", "title": "Maharashtra electricity distribution company seeks Spanco's road map for reducing losses", "text": "NAGPUR: After delay of over two weeks, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has finally directed its franchisee Spanco to submit a road map to reduces losses in Gandhibagh, Civil Lines and Mahal divisions, by August 15. The decision to start load shedding in revenue division headquarters having over 34% losses was taken on May 15. However, the circular in this regard was sent to Nagpur office on May 29. The Nagpur office immediately asked Spanco to submit the road map.Currently, the losses in franchisee area are 36.3% in the franchisee area. Unless this is reduced below 34% Spanco consumers will have to face 5.30 hours power cut . The city has not faced power cuts since December 2009.If MSEDCL decides to implement feeder wise load shedding this year, then a large number of areas like Mominpura, Gandhibagh, Wathoda, Siraspeth, Katol Road, etc are bound to face load shedding as the feeders catering to these areas have losses around 50%. It will take more than a year in the best case scenario to bring down losses below 34%.Spanco has its task cut out, reducing losses by around 2.5% in three months is very difficult. It has not been able to reduce losses so far. In fact the losses between December 2010 and December 2011 have increased as compared to December 2009 to December 2010 period. Spanco officials say that losses have reduced after December 2011 as their efforts started bearing fruit after they got license power theft in November 2011. However, unless collection losses reduce sharply in Spanco area, the overall loss figure will not reduce below the danger mark of 34%.Spanco senior vice president Kaustubh Dhavse said that the company had received communication from MSEDCL and would submit the road map in a day or two. \"We already have a plan of action to reduce losses,\" he told TOI.According to Dhavse, the company has been continuously cracking down on power theft and the theft assessment amount has been significant every month. \"Secondly, there are a large number of consumers, who have meters but do not get bills due to various reasons. We have identified such consumers and have started the process to bring them into the revenue system.\"Dhavse further said that a large number of meters would be replaced in the coming three months. \"Many meters are faulty, tampered or are slow. We have also identified many areas where losses in summer go up as many consumers using an air cooler connect it directly to the service line. We will replace the existing cables by air-bunched ones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680713", "title": "Chief minister assures to solve 'discriminated' teachers' woes", "text": "MARGAO: Members of the Discriminated Teachers' Forum (DTF) met chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday seeking compensation for two years of lost service in 2001, when they were forced by a government decision to retire prematurely at age 58 instead of 60. Parrikar assured them that the matter would be looked into and that he would hold a meeting with the stakeholders shortly.\"Give me some time to sort out the matter and I will convene a meeting to see that the problems faced by the prematurely retired teachers at the age of 58 will be solved to everybody's advantage,\" Parrikar told the delegation that met him in Panaji.\"One of the prominent points in the BJP manifesto in the recently held elections was a promise given to the aggrieved teachers to solve our genuine grievances within a reasonable time frame,\" said DTF president Neves Anthony Rebello , who led the delegation.Rebello pointed out that 1,019 teachers suffered losses in terms of increments, pension and other benefits due to the forced retirement .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679797", "title": "Truck owner may be booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is contemplating to book the owner of the truck which led to the grisly accident on the expressway last Sunday, killing 27 people returning from a marriage. The principal charge against the owner of the truck would be that he did not allocate enough resting hours to the driver.\"We will check whether the driver was really working round the clock and did not get enough rest. If the owner allowed his driver to ply knowing that the driver is not in a position to drive. If the owner is at fault, then he will be booked in the accident case,\" Satej Patil, minister of state for home, told TOI.According to media reports, truck driver Somnath Padthare, in his statement to the police, mentioned that he was not given enough rest and was driving continuously for the past few days.A recent study report of the National Sleep Foundation has shown that the risk of truck accidents, car crashes and other highway dangers is on the rise partly because drivers are not getting enough sleep.Former IPS-turned lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Invoking criminal abetment will be stretching the law too much. But yes , the point whether the owner is responsible or not needs to be investigated. If the owner is at fault, then he can be booked under the civil law.\"A senior home department official welcomed the state government's decision to explore possibilities of booking the truck owner in the accident case. \"The move will act as a deterrent for owners of vehicles (trucks, tempos, tourist cars and buses). To avoid criminal or civil action, hereafter the owners will ensure that the drivers who ply the vehicles are given ample of rest,\" the official added.The police said the tyre of the bus carrying a marriage party got punctured on the expressway near Khalapur. The passengers got down and were sitting between the two stationary buses. It is then that a speeding truck dashed the bus from behind, hurtling it towards those sitting on the road.Meanwhile, the minister on Thursday called a meeting of the high way police and MSRDC officials to find a solution to avoid occurrence of such mishaps in future. \"Besides making use of the law and plugging loopholes, the focus of the meeting would be on creating public awareness over the issue,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679145", "title": "Additional buses to beat bandh blues", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is walking the extra mile to make sure that state employees can attend office on Thursday - the day BJP has called a nationwide bandh to oppose petrol price hike.And if bunking office was impossible for state employees on February 28, when the Left had called a nationwide strike, so will it be on Thursday. Employees who won't turn up today will be have to face pay cut, if they had not applied for the leave before the BJP had called the bandh. A circular issued by chief secretary Samar Ghosh is similar to the one issued on February 21, days before the Left parties had called the industrial strike.State transport minister Madan Mitra assured there would be additional buses and trams on the road. Taxi unions also assured that all taxis would ply. Bengal Taxi Association president Bimal Guha said: \"Other than our own issues, we don't favour any bandh by any political party. So, we can assure all our taxis will ply.\" Even private bus and minibus associations assured of normal service.\"It is up to the employees to decide if they want to stay back in offices. However, I can assure that transportation won't be a problem on Thursday if they want to come to work,\" There will be buses, trains and so on,\"Mitra said adding that it's an issue on which chief minister Mamata Banerjee was the first to protest and had walked in a rally too. \"There is no impact of the bandh call on the people of this state,\" he added.Employees' unions were surprisingly quiet about the circular. There were no protests at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday. According to Samir Mazumdar of the union Nabaparjay: \"We don't side with any political party's bandh call. If employees get transport, they will come to work. However, the circular is inhuman. A government cannot force employees to come to work as they may have personal problems. This cannot be done, we are opposing it.\"Police, meanwhile, are taking steps to ensure that normal life does not get disrupted. \"No forceful picketing and obstruction will be tolerated and the police will take up immediate action in such cases,\" a senior official said.A meeting was held at Lalbazar on Wednesday to chalk out the security plans. \"There can't be any forceful picketing. All measures are being taken to prevent any disruption,\" said Joint CP (headquarters) Jawed Shamim.Forces will be deployed across the city from early in the morning. There will be 300 police pickets, 60 radio flying squads and 25 heavy radio flying squads in various points to keep tabs on the overall law and order situation. and to prevent traffic disruption.Police will particularly keep an eye on all the bus, tram and taxi depots, which are usual targets of bandh supporters. Additional control rooms will be opened to monitor the situation.Police have identified 33 large markets which would be monitored. All Metro stations will have additional police patrolling. Police have also identified over hundred major government offices like the GPO and RBI, where additional force will be deployed.Airlines officials said they would be operating flights as scheduled. \"We do not expect any disruption. Unlike earlier bandhs, we are not asking staffers to stay back at night. In the unlikely event of a problem, cops have assured us that vehicles carrying crew will be escorted,\" an airline official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679470", "title": "Young women smokers risk infertility", "text": "BANGALORE: Be it emotional burden, failed relationship, work stress or just peer pressure, women in the city want to blow it away with a puff of cigarette. It is believed that smoking is prevalent only amongst elite and highly educated women, but doctors in the city say that smoking is being considered fashionable amongst middle class women, especially in their 20s.Oncologists and gynaecologists say that about 20% women in India are addicted to tobacco (chewing and smoking). What is more threatening is the age group of women addicted to tobacco, which has come down significantly. This also poses threat to the fertility in women, say doctors.\"There has been a cultural shift in India. More and more women are taking up smoking for various reasons and sometimes for no particular reason. Today, many young girls see their mother or some elderly woman in the family smoking and take it up at young age. Tobacco consumption can directly affect a woman's fertility. It also increases the risk of miscarriage,\" says Dr Pratima Murthy, professor of psychiatry and head of the de-addiction department, Nimhans.Explaining the effects of tobacco consumption, Dr Kamini Rao, chairman, Bangalore Assisted Reproductive Center, says: \"The female to male relative risk ratio for smoking is about 25:1, thus it puts women at a higher risk. Nicotine in tobacco can directly affect the chromosome and lead to infertility . It can be a reason behind premature labour and child's quality of life may suffer if the mother is a smoker. Child may also born mentally retarded.\"Says Dr Ganesh Vashishta, chief medical oncologist, BGS Global Hospitals: \"In several awareness programmes I have addressed in the city, I have observed that around 25% of the audience were women in the age group of 20 -30 who were smokers. The reasons quoted for smoking included work pressure, and also a belief that smoking would help them lose weight. Though these educated young women are aware of the ill-effects of smoking, they believe that smoking 1-2 mild cigarettes is safe. However this is not true, it can have the same ill-effects as the regular cigarettes as they take a deeper puff.\"\"Smoking is the reason behind increase in cases of lung and cervical cancer amongst women. Not only does it harm the woman but also the child. Work-related stress has pushed many women to smoking, but they don't know that smoking actually adds to stress and increases the risk of heart and kidney failure,\" says Dr Gayathri Karthik, obstetrician and gynecologist, Manipal Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678981", "title": "Convict claimed wife's insurance money too", "text": "NAGPUR: The court, apart from awarding capital punishment to Prakash Shingnapure and fining him Rs 3 lakh, in a case of murder and attempted suicide, has also issued directions to several agencies to conduct an enquiry into the allegations that the convict had claimed the insurance sum for his wife whom he had murdered along with their daughter on April 8 last year at Jagrut Nagar in Jaripatka.It was alleged by wife Pranita's kin that the accused had furnished false reason of heart attack to claim Rs 3 lakh insurance of Pranita. This was done despite the fact that Prakash had stabbed to death Pranita and their daughter Shreya before he inflicted several injuries on himself with a kitchen knife.The court ordered city police chief along with the authorities of Nagpur Municipal Corporation and Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to probe the allegations in two months and initiate action against the wrongdoers as per the provisions of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680865", "title": "Consumers question payments solicited by telemarketers", "text": "CHENNAI: Online forums are abuzz with complaints of amounts being deducted from consumers' accounts - without their written consent - towards payment of insurance premiums solicited by telemarketers.Though guidelines of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA), Hyderabad - the administrative agency for the national insurance industry - lay down that insurers preserve voice records of these conversations, consumers remain in the dark about these norms.J Gopalakrishnan, a retired deputy general manager of TNSC Bank, rues the lack of transparency surrounding telemarketing businesses.\"I got a call from a private company, which has tied up with several banks, offering to protect my credit card if it gets lost. If I signed up for the policy, I was told, the company would 'arrange to get my card back' and pay for my accommodation and travel expenses in case I was in an unfamiliar city. But, it did not give me details on how this would be done. I asked them to send me the necessary documents so that I could sign on them. I discovered the next month that the money was already debited from my account,\" he said.In the documents the company subsequently sent across, it was stated that the firm would \"merely act as a facilitator between the consumer and the insurer for the payment\", Gopalakrishnan added.Individuals like Tamil Nadu Progressive Consumer Centre (TPCC) coordinator T Sadagopan are bewildered that a private company has access to people's credit card details.IRDA guidelines also stipulate that \"no inconvenience, nuisance or harm shall be caused to clients\" while soliciting business or thereafter. Replying to a query from TOI, M Ramaprasad, member, non-life matters, IRDA, said the first port of call for a complaint is the grievance redressal officer of the insurance firm concerned. If there is no response or the action taken is not satisfactory, consumers may register and track complaints on the Integrated Grievance Management System on the IRDA website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13678201", "title": "Korean child mummified in 16th century had Hepatitis", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found the oldest known evidence of Hepatitis B in a mummified child who lived around the 16th century in Korea. A team from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Seoul National University carried out a liver biopsy of the mummy and found a unique hepatitis B virus (HBV) known as a genotype C2 sequence, which is said to be common in SE Asia, LiveScience reported.Carbon tests of the clothing of the mummy suggested that the mummified boy lived around the 16th century when Joseon Dynasty was ruling in Korea, the researchers said.The viral DNA sequences recovered from the liver biopsy enabled the scientists to map the entire ancient hepatitis B viral genome, they said. Using modern-day molecular genetic techniques, the team compared the ancient DNA sequences with contemporary viral genomes disclosing distinct differences. The changes in the genetic code are believed to result from spontaneous mutations and possibly environmental pressures during the virus evolutionary process. Based on the observed mutations rates over time, the analysis suggests that the reconstructed mummy's hepatitis B virus DNA had its origin between 3,000 to 100,000 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685250", "title": "Natty Kumar\u2019s \u2018Pani Thuli\u2019 in Hindi too", "text": "Director Natty Kumar's ' Pani Thuli ', a romantic thriller set in the US, will be released first and then the makers will decide on the Hindi release. The Hindi film is titled ' Tum Ho Yaara ', according to actor Ganesh Venkataraman who plays the lead role in the bilingual.He says they shot each scene twice, once for Tamil and once for Hindi.Besides Ganesh, the film stars new comers Shobana and Kalpana.Ganesh plays Shiva who is a software engineer. His love, Meera, who is very ambitious, forces him to go to US where he gets involved with another girl. How the problems arising out of this affair change Shiva and his life is the story.Whatever Ganesh expected in a launch film are all their _ dance, comedy, suspense and action. On the suspense element, Ganesh says, \"Even during the narration, I was not able to predict what would happen in the next scene.\"The film was short for 30 days in Chennai and 62 days in the US.Ganesh also stars in Kavithalaya's ' Muriyadi ' with Sathyaraj. This is the remake of the Malayalam film ' Passenger ' which may be released later this year. His first big role as a Sikh youth was in Director Radha Mohan's ' Abhiyum Naanum '.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13678780", "title": "KSRTC refuses to increase students' bus pass quota", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Efforts to increase the quota of concession passes issued to students travelling in KSRTC buses in district did not make any headway even after the district collector M C Mohandas convened a meeting on Tuesday.At the students' travelling facility committee meeting held here KSRTC officials declined to increase the number of passes to be issued on the ground that the number is decided based on the number of bus services that operate in the district.Last year KSRTC had received 700 applications from students and it disbursed 650 passes. The district transport officer K Radhakrishnan said the corporation cannot take a final decision on the number of passes to be distributed. \"Considering the number of services we are unable to increase the number,\" he said.The DTO said though the representatives of students' organizations and private bus owners have demanded not to put any ceiling on the number of passes to be issued, there is immense pressure on KSRTC district offices to cut short the number. \"The only way to resolve the issue is to raise the demand through people's representatives and local organizations,\" he said.KSRTC had started 30 new services in the Chamravattom route after the commissioning of the Chamravattom RCB last week. The district collector had asked the KSRTC to sanction concession pass in all these 30 services as private buses are yet to start their services. The DTO bought time stating that increasing the quota involves lots of official procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679924", "title": "Cheer for private engineering colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over 63,000 students qualified in the engineering stream of Odisha joint entrance examination, around 7,000 more compared to last year, raising hope that the number of vacant engineering seats will be less this year. Last year around 56,000 students had qualified the test.Announcing the results, director of technical education and training Chandra Sekhar Kumar said 63,634 students qualified in engineering. A total of 66,923 appeared the engineering entrance this year.The state has around 40,000 BTech seats in around 110 technical institutions. Around 24,000 seats remained vacant last year as there were not enough students.Private engineering colleges see the \"marginal\" improvement as positive development but not enough to end vacancies. \"It certainly is a positive development that at least 7,000 more students qualified the OJEE engineering. However this number is not enough. A student pool of 1 lakh students is needed to fill 40,000 seats,\" said Odisha Private Engineering College Association (OPECA) honorary secretary Binod Dash.Dash said the government should give free hand to private colleges to fill the vacancies after admission of students from OJEE pool.In medical, 2852 students qualified out of 31,404 who appeared for the 620 medical seats in the state-governed colleges. In pharmacy, 16,859 students came in the merit list from among 17,305 who appeared. As many as 3535 of the 5034 applicants qualified for MCA.For all the technical courses including MBA, MCA and pharmacy besides medical and engineering, 99841 students had registered out of which 96617 finally took the test. These include 7967 SCs, 5507 STs and 25,934 women candidates. tnnThe web-based counseling of the qualified candidates will be held in third week of June. Admission will be complete in July and classes will start on August 1.The technical education and training director said 20 nodal centres for counseling will function five days before the onset of counseling.Though authorities announced that the results will be available online after 8 pm on Wednesday, these were available by 5 pm at http://results.bput.ac.in/j12/. \"We uploaded it before the announced time to avoid huge load on the server at the announced time when most students would log in,\" said a senior officer associated with publication of results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680539", "title": "Diagnosis of multiple sclerosis better, but little awareness: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudha Kulkarni (64) walks with the aid of a crutch. She limps a little but can still perform yoga with the support of a wall. It is this passion for practising and teaching yoga that has kept the Goregaon resident going, although she has been suffering from multiple sclerosis.Sudha's problem started 18 years ago after she had a fall and broke two bones of her left leg. After this, she fell down twice within six months. \"Even after undergoing surgeries and physiotherapy, my leg suffered complete numbness. Doctors found different reasons for the state of my leg,\" said Sudha. \"However, in 2008 I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis,\" she added. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an auto-immune disease that affects the brain and spinal cord. Though the diagnosis of the disease has improved, there is hardly any improvement in the awareness. \"Presently, there are about 5-15 cases in one lakh people in India. Diagnosis has become easy and there are new drugs to reduce relapse and improve the quality of a patient's life. However, there is lack of support from society for those who suffer from multiple sclerosis,\" said Dr B S Singhal, neurophysician at Bombay Hospital. Apart from physical barriers like lack of ramps for patients, there are social obstacles. Experts say that there is lack of compassion on part of the government. MS does not come under any disability quota, moreover, there is no insurance cover for patients, who have to buy medicines worth anywhere between Rs 3 and 6 lakh per year to avoid a relapse.\"It is vital that the government, health professionals and the public work towards improving policies and supporting people afflicted with MS,\" said Sheela Chitnis, vice-president of the Multiple Sclerosis Society of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680986", "title": "Fliers happy with plans to privatise airport", "text": "CHENNAI: The civil aviation ministry plans to hand over maintenance and management of the terminals at Chennai airport to private firms, a move that experts say will ensure that the facility remains top notch.This promises passengers an experience on a par with private airports in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad and unprecedented in Chennai.A majority of the work inside the terminal will be outsourced and management of the terminals will also be handed over to a single private agency to maintain and manage, said a senior official of Airports Authority of India (AAI). \"The agency that manages the terminal will hire firms proficient in aviation and airport operations,\" he said.A public private partnership is being mooted because a public sector agency bound in red tape may not be able to efficiently manage the new passenger terminals, which were built at a cost of Rs 2,000 crore. A large number of contracts need to be awarded to agencies proficient in aviation. Even glass cleaning at the terminals will be awarded to a specialized private firm. \"We cannot award contracts to firms quoting the lowest price and then have shoddy work done. Passengers will want to have services on a par with airports abroad because they will be paying a user development fee,\" he said.AAI board member for human resources K K Jha had earlier hinted that services inside the terminal could be outsourced. \"We are yet to assess additional requirement of staff for new terminals because a host of services may be outsourced,\" he said during a visit to the city.Passengers and airlines are happy that the terminals are likely to be handed over to private companies. The public-private partnership (PPP) mode will be beneficial for passengers, said D Sudhakara Reddy, national president, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI). \"But it should not be like Mumbai and Delhi, where the government handed developed airports after investing public money and then turned them over to private companies to pocket the profits,\" he said.However, employees fear that the proposal may mean retrenchment or transfers. Around 1,500 employees and 200 officers of AAI currently manage the airport operations. However, officials point out that many of the employees are likely to be retained by the private operator.Airlines also welcome the move. \"AAI decisions are audited by multiple agencies. This often paralyses decision making. But a private company will only have audits at a single level and it can decide the best companies to give contracts,\" said an airline official.Chennai airport earns a revenue of Rs 700 crore and has an expenditure of Rs 200 crore. AAI will save some money when operation of the terminals is outsourced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685002", "title": "Gautham Menon is owner of an ad agency", "text": "Gautham started his own ad agency \" Photon Factory\" before starting his career as filmmaker.His Advertising Agency is now recognized as a film production company. Gautham was an ad film maker, who shot many commercials before getting into actual filmmaking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13680867", "title": "The green party", "text": "Holi is far away, but this group of students from Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 46, is busy gathering petals and leaves for making herbal colours since spring. They are doing so to make sure that they do not pluck them at the time of the festival to promote a healthy environment.These students, who are also active members of their school's eco club, have been taking various steps to serve the environment and bring back times when herbs were used as medicines.\"At the time of Holi we fall short of flowers and we have to unwillingly pluck them, so this time we thought of gathering petals beginning spring. If we have more petals, the quantity of colours would be more and we will be able to distribute it among more people,\" said Sanyam Sharma, a Class IX student.To serve the environment, these keep on holding rallies, distribute saplings of medicinal plants and talk about the importance of herbs to as many people as they can to spread awareness. On Holi this year, they made herbal colours and distributed them for free to promote eco-friendly colours which have no toxic effect on the skin.\"Eco Club is a way to come close to nature,\" said Umesh Kumar.Lovesh Popli, another Class IX students said, \"At our homes, we have medicinal plants and we keep distributing these to our friends and relatives.\"\"On every environment related day, we organize some event wherein we go to the markets with slogans and posters asking people to be more sensitive towards the environment and themselves,\" said Lovesh Popli, another active member of the club.Adding on Kaffi Khan, another member said, \"Even on Diwali we carry out anti-cracker drives, instead of gifting sweets or crackers we gift everyone saplings grown by us.\"\"We practice what we want others to do, so that they feel motivated to join us and if not many at least each one of us must have encouraged 10 people to join us in saving the environment and promoting healthy living,\" said Suraj Kumar.It is the hard work and determination of these students that has won their school's eco club- sohanjana eco club, many awards, even at national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar/dholpur", "code": "13680485", "title": "Mining getting 'bloody' in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR/DHOLPUR: It seems the state government and the police have met a dead end when it comes to curbing illegal mining. At one level, labourers are getting killed due to poor safety standards or mine collapses. At another level, when the police are asked to pull up socks against the mafia, they themselves are attacked.On Monday, in Asojai village on the outskirts of Jaipur, one mine worker was killed and three others injured when a portion of a mine collapsed. On the same day, a braveheart policeman was mowed down by mining mafia in Dholpur when he attempted to stop trucks carrying stones.In the past six months, the state has reported several incidents in which mining mafia got away after opening fire on the police parties in Alwar, Bharatpur and Dholpur districts. On May 17, eight labourers died in two mining mishaps in Alwar and Rajsamand districts. While the mishap in Alwar's Bhiwadi area took place in an illegal stone mine where five labourers died, in Rajsamand's Kelwa region three were crushed to death when a marble block came sliding upon them.The Alwar incident exposed the unabated illegal mining in the area despite the Supreme Court ban.Even after a fortnight later, the police have merely arrested two labourers working in that mines though the real culprits are still at large. \"We had several meetings with the police officers of neighbouring Haryana to find those behind the illegal mining,\" said a police officer.After this incident, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had said that none involved in mining would be spared. Later, police in Alwar responding to the chief minister's statement reached Naknaul area on complaints of illegal mining. However, they had to literally run away from the spot when the mine workers pelted stones and also opened fire on the police team. Forget whether mining was stopped in the said area or not, police are yet to arrest those who pelted stones on them and opened fire. \"The matter is under investigation. We have identified a few persons and will make arrests soon,\" said a senior police officer.When contacted, Sangram Gurjar , an RTI activist working against illegal mining, said: \"Every kid in the region knows that illegal mining is rampant in Bhiwadi, Tapukada, Neemrana, Chopanki, Tijara, Gwalda, Udham Vas, Ramgarh, Kishangarh Bas and Rajgarh. In some areas, mining is close to the police outposts and police stations. But police are keeping a blind eye on it since majority of the mines are patronized by the politicians.\"The nexus between politicians and mining mafia was visible when former Bharatpur SP Vikas Kumar was shunted out when he started showing sincere efforts and getting results to curb illegal mining. The local politicians including Kaman MLA Zahida Khan persuaded the matter to the extent that finally Kumar was shunted out of the district.Even the licensed mines are guilty of conducting illegal operations. A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Chandra Joshi had taken a serious note of the activities of marble miners in Makrana, where they even dug up the Jodhpur-Jaipur railway track. The judges in a case had even said: \"If you are not stopped, you would dig up even the high court.\" The bench also ordered a CBI probe against the mining officials posted in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680405", "title": "No college offers emergency medicine", "text": "MUMBAI: Monday's Mumbai-Pune Expressway accidetn has put focus back on the need for trained manpower to save lives in the crucial hours following such incidents.The Medical Council of India (MCI) in 2009, approved a course on specialization in emergency medicine and came out with the final framework in 2010. However, at present, no medical college in the state-public or private-offers the course. According to director of Life Supporters Institute of Health Science Paresh Navalkar, \"This course will train a doctor in handling all kinds of emergencies and trauma. There are hardly any courses to train doctors to take a cohesive look at the nature of injuries.\"TOI has learnt that the Directorate of Medical Education and Research has already sent a proposal to the state seeking an approval to start the two-year MD course in emergency medicine. \"The proposal is pending with the state. We propose to start the course in all 14 medical colleges. Each college will offer two seats,\" said Pravin Shingare, joint director of DMER.The private-run D Y Patil medical college at Pimpri in Pune, however, has already has got a go ahead from the MCI to begin the course from the current academic year. Dean Amarjeet Singh confirmed the college's plans to start it soon.Navalkar said in a country where an accident claims a life every two minutes, the government should show urgency in starting such courses. \"Most of the emergency rooms are manned by MBBS doctors, who may not be adequately trained to handle critical cases. When the world is moving from golden hour to platinum ten minutes, we are struggling to handle accidents,\" he said.Meanwhile, colleges, at their individual levels, are training a handful doctors. The Sion Hospital has been running a successful fellowship programme, where two students graduate every year. But, head of surgery Meena Kumar says more courses have to be designed. Society of Emergency Medicine will also start a one-year fellowship course at PD Hinduja Hospital, where 10 students would be trained per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680451", "title": "Activist Medha Patkar sees red over Central Railway plastic packet ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Activist Medha Patkar will now take up the cudgels for railway stall operators who are upset with the Central Railway's ban on food items sold in plastic and metallic packets.The CR has already managed to get rid of food items packed in plastic wrappings from five stations. The decision was taken after it was noticed that commuters threw packets on the tracks, causing clogging of drains.Patkar said, \"CR has taken an ad-hoc decision without taking stall owners into confidence. I will write to the general manager to reconsider the move.\"In the past, when the railway's catering policy was revised, Patkar had protested on behalf of contractors and stall owners, making the board yield to her demands.This time, Patkar's support for the stall owners has not gone down too well with others. Debi Goenka of Bombay Environmental Action Group (BEAG) said, \"Other railways should follow the suit. Instead of opposing, Patkar should request other agencies to emulate the example.\" Environmentalist Rishi Aggarwal said, \"I am surprised with Patkar's stand. The move is in the larger interest of society and environment.\"Civic activist Aftab Siddiqui said, \"Patkar is worried that the stall operators and those employed there will lose their livelihood. However, the plastic that chokes the drains cause water-logging in areas adjacent to tracks.These areas are inhabited by slum-dwellers, on whose behalf she has fought many a battles.\"Patkar clarified, \"The stall owners are self-employed and not businessmen. I agree drains get clogged but CR should ask the manufacturing companies to provide environment-friendly packets,\" she said.\"The decision does not make sense as the products are available outside the railway station. Commuters will buy these products and continue to throw the wrappings on the tracks.\"CR has banned the sale of 25 items as they are packaged in plastic wrappings, laminated plastics, metalized film packets, sulphite paper packing, aluminum foil packets, etc.However, senior CR officials are wary about taking a tough stand as the contractor's lobby has a significant clout. A section also feels that the ban may be revoked soon as authorities in New Delhi will not support it.Patkar said only items approved in the 2010 catering policy are sold. \"Contractors are charged a hefty licence fee and the ban will make their business a loss-making enterprise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685130", "title": "Sarathkumar applied for President election", "text": "With the elections for Nadigar Sangam round the corner, Sarath Kumar, the president of South Indian Film Artistes Association chose to file his nomination for the top post again.He along with his team members Radha Ravi, Vagai Chandrasekhar among others filed their nomination for the polls on Thursday.Sarath Kumar succeeded Vijayakanth last time after the former chose to enter politics full time. Sarath Kumar is also the president of All India Samathuva Makkal Katchi and is a sitting MLA from the State Assembly. Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13679068", "title": "General body meeting ends abruptly after opposition ransacks House", "text": "AKOLA: The general body meeting of the zilla parishad called to discuss the water issue ended in chaos in just two minutes. Opposition members expressed displeasure by ransacking the house and breaking furniture on Tuesday. Sensing trouble, the CEO, Dy CEO and some other officers left the house immediately.The opposition took the aggressive step as the ZP president abruptly ended the meeting after farmers demanded a discussion on the issues that they raised.There was pandemonium in the house as opposition members disapproved of the Rs 1.14 crore cess fund being diverted to the social welfare department.\"It's shameful act to end the meeting in just two minutes,\" said leader of the opposition, Sevakram Tathod.Woman member Sita Bhaskar injured her hand while throwing chairs in the house.ZP chief Pushpa Ingle and chairman of the meeting said that ransacking the house is a blot on democracy.Ingle defended her decision to end the meeting abruptly saying it was done due to the aggressive stand taken by the opposition.CEO E Ravindran was not in his chamber when opposition leader Sevakram Thatod, Bandu Dhotre, Jyotsna Chore and Gajanan Pundkar went to meet him to apprise him of the abrupt meeting. Dy CEO Vishwas Kelkar too was not in his chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "13679171", "title": "Missing trader's wife meets CM", "text": "ASANSOL: The wife of a city-based businessman Koushik Dasgupta (45), who has been missing since May 11, has met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday and urged her to take action so that her husband can be traced soon. Piyali Dasgupta, a resident of Garia, said her husband had checked into a hotel at Asansol on May 10 and left the place the next day. \"Since then, there is no trace of him,\" she said.Piyali had lodged a missing diary in Kolkata on May 11 and another one on May 12 with Asansol South police station . In the complaints, she alleged that her husband has been abducted. Later, Asansol South Police initiated an abduction case. It may be noted that Arpan Mukherjee (50), son of former Hirapur MLA and Asansol mayor Bamapada Mukherjee, was reportedly killed on May 10. Piyali alleged that her husband had some business links with Arpan.The detective department of Asansol Durgapur Police Commissionerate is investigating both the cases. DGP of West Bengal , Naparajita Mukherjee, has already directed the commissioner of police of Asansol Durgapur, Ajay Kumar Nand, to monitor the investigations.Talking to TOI, Nand said that police are investigating all the probabilities. According to him, the cops have raided some places in Siliguri and Bangalore. \"We are exploring certain angles and hoping to crack the case soon,\" he added.Meanwhile, a 90-year-old Bamapada Mukherjee, along with former Baraboni MLA Dilip Sarkar and Asansol zonal committee secretary of CPM, Partha Mukherjee, met DC (headquarters), Sisram Jhanjharia, and urged him to arrest the killers of Arpan.Jhanjharia has assured them that police is trying its level best to nab the killers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679505", "title": "Gates in B'lore tomorrow for philanthropy meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Some of India's richest will congregate here on June 1 at the invitation of Azim Premji, Ratan Tata and Bill Gates to talk about philanthropy and its impact on society.The by-invitation-only event is such a hush-hush affair that no details of it are available; neither is the guest list. Wipro said that as this is a personal initiative of their chairman, they had no information to offer.While Gates and Premji have already pledged a substantial portion of their wealth to philanthropy and spoken at length on the need to give back to society a large chunk of their multi-billion-dollar wealth, Tata's is a new name on this list though the Tata Group's charitable initiatives are among the country's oldest.Berkshire Hathway chairman Warren Buffett and Bill Gates, who started the \"The Giving Pledge\" initiative in 2010, held a similar meeting in New Delhi last year at which Premji was a prominent speaker. At the Delhi meeting, unlike the American soirees of Buffett and Gates, none of the Indian billionaires and millionaires present promised to give away a chunk of their wealth. Gates had then said that the event had not been held to specifically ask people to pledge their money to philanthropic causes, but to \"inspire a continuing dialogue in India\".The Giving Pledge website says that it \"is an effort to invite the wealthiest individuals and families in America to commit to give most of their wealth to philanthropy\". Among the 81 who have done so are Paul Allen , Microsoft co-founder; Michael Bloomberg , New York mayor; Larry Ellison , Oracle chairman; Vinod Khosla , venture capitalist; George Lucas , filmmaker; Pierre Omidyar , eBay chairman; and Ted Turner , media mogul and CNN founder.The site says that the pledge is a moral commitment to give, not a legal contract. It does not involve pooling money or supporting a particular set of causes or organizations.It further says: \"While The Giving Pledge is specifically focused on billionaires, the idea takes its inspiration from efforts in the past and at present that encourage and recognize givers of all financial means and backgrounds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13679172", "title": "Court gives police remand to Morshi CEO in graft case", "text": "AMRAVATI: Anti Corruption Bureau sleuths caught chief executive officer of Morshi red handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000 from a contractor on Tuesday. On Wednesday the accused was produced before court and gave police custody remand (PCR) to accused till June 2.According to information, contractor Rajesh Burange has lodged a complaint with ACB stating that he Morshi municipal council has not cleared his bills since 2010 for the done. Recently council has passed resolution to clear the outstanding bills of Burange. Chief executive officer of Morshi municipal council, Kailash Zanwar had prepared a cheque of Rs 69,769 but demanded half of the amount before handing over the cheque. Hence it was decided that the first instalment of Rs5,000 would be paid on Tuesday evening.Burange informed ACB about the entire episode, who then laid a trap and as decided Burange came to Zanwar's office and handed over Rs5,000 to Zanwar. ACB sleuth caught Zanwar red handed while accepting the bribe of Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13678952", "title": "MP5 sub-machine guns for Mamata security", "text": "KOLKATA: Before long, chief minister Mamata Banerjee will join the league of politicians like L K Advani, Narendra Modi , Mayawati and Murli Manohar Joshi. Security personnel in her inner cordon will carry MP5 sub-machine guns that are a stock weapon for the National Security Guard (NSG) commandos entrusted to protect VVIPs across the country. Now, Mamata's inner cordon security personnel carry automatic pistols which can be concealed beneath the safari suits they wear.\"As railway minister, Mamata was entitled to get NSG cover. Her predecessor Lalu Prasad had chosen to be protected by the Black Cat commandos, but Mamata would have none of this. She made it clear that she should be protected by Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel who have received special training. The threat perception went up after she became chief minister, but she refused to have a NSG detachment with her. She felt that the commandos would keep people away from her. The RPF officers and personnel in her inner cordon are well trained, but they don't have the kind of weapons necessary to provide her with adequate cover. With Mamata moving across the state, it has been decided to arm her security personnel with MP5 sub-machine guns which are a favourite Close Quarter Battle (CQB) weapon for Special Forces units across the world,\" a home department official said.The batch of 150 weapons are expected to arrive in the next couple of months and officials are hoping to distribute them to the security men before Mamata starts on her tours to the districts to campaign for the panchayat elections. According to another official, there is little risk of a long-range attempt on her life as the outer cordons are well-equipped to handle any such attack. There is always the threat of a close quarter attempt though. In the past, Mamata has been mobbed on several occasions. On one such occasion, somebody even made away with a gold bangle from the chief minister's wrist.Ordnance factories in India have not yet been able to come up with a weapon that suits the needs of those in charge of inner cordon security of VVIPs. There is reason why security forces prefer the MP5, manufactured by Heckler and Koch, over weapons like the AKs. The MP5 is extremely accurate and controllable. At the same time, they can be used to provide a burst of fire and has been nicknamed the 'broom' in some parts of the world. Apart from the NSG and Special Forces units of the Indian military, there are few police forces in the country to possess the sub-machine guns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "13681194", "title": "Primary students found conducting survey in Kurukshetra, probe on", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A week after students of senior secondary classes were found conducting surveys under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), students of primary classes have been found carrying out the job of their teachers, deployed to conduct a survey about school dropouts in their area.This came to light on Tuesday evening when some students of government middle school, Gherumajra, walked into the residence of Parveen Chaudhary, president of Zila Parishad, Kurukshetra and handed over forms related to the survey. Chaudhary informed the district education department, which has reportedly started a probe.Enquiries revealed that unlike the students of Kaithal schools, students who were spotted in the village were of class 3, 4 and 5. They were told to drop the proformas in houses and collect them later on after getting the same filled from the families.According to eyewitnesses, no teacher accompanied the students. \"Forms were lying in their bags and there was no teacher in the village at that time,'' Hari Pal, a resident, said.Said Parveen Chaudhary, \"How could I ignore such a big wrongdoing by teachers. Soon after noticing this, I informed the district education officer (DEO) who asked block elementary education officer (BEEO) for further action. We have some responsibility towards villagers and children.''Suman Arya, BEEO, Kurukshetra, confirmed getting information from the Zila Parishad chairperson. \"I have communicated to the incharge of the team, which has been assigned the work. We have also sought written explanation from the school head. We are waiting for their replies before proceeding further.\"Last week, the district education department had sought explanation from the staff and principal of government senior secondary school of Kaithal after students of senior secondary classes were found carrying out an SSI survey on behalf of their teachers.According to some relaxation given by education directorate, the teachers can take the help of senior students. But, the students' role will be limited to carrying the files or ringing the door bells of houses to help the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680025", "title": "North East Students' Organisation demands special status for NE", "text": "GUWAHATI: Citing that the region has been getting a raw deal since Independence, the North East Students' Organisation (Neso) on Wednesday demanded a special constitutional status for the entire region for rights over its natural resources. Besides, it will start a series of agitations from June 7 to highlight the burning issues plaguing the region.For the first time, the leaders will assemble together and launch the first phase of their agitation in Guwahati on June 7. After this, leaders of various students' organisations from the seven states will protest in front of the respective Raj Bhavans in their states. On the concluding day of its general council meeting held here, leaders reiterated their stand that the region has been facing discrimination in each and every sphere.\"What we are witnessing is nothing but discrimination at every level since we gained Independence. We demand a special constitutional status for the region and its people and their rights over its natural resources. Article 370 grants special status to Jammu and Kashmir. There should special status for the northeast too. It has been seen that even parliamentary dignitaries visit J&K; but not NE. Irom Sharmila and AFSPA hardly make any impact on them and the issues need to be solved only through peaceful and democratic means,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharya , the chairman of Neso.Issues like AFSPA, big dams, lack of employment avenues for locals, influx of foreign nationals, death of NE students and demerits of floating global tenders on various development projects were raised during the two-day meet.The body has also submitted a memorandum to the Prime Minister, which included an education policy and human resources development, repeal of AFSPA, policy for tackling influx, solving the issuance of staple visas and creation of a separate time zone among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13681297", "title": "Pakistan's Supreme Court puts Rehman Malik on notice over citizenship", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Wednesday gave interior minister Rehman Malik one-day deadline to prove he has renounced his British nationality. The SC was hearing a petition filed against legislators holding dual citizenships.Malik could lose his membership of the senate, the upper house of parliament, if he can't prove he has given up British citizenship.The court rejected documents submitted by Malik, including a receipt of payment renouncing his British citizenship . \"You are showing us the form. Show us the declaration renouncing his (British) citizenship,\" Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry told Malik's lawyer, Chaudhry Azhar.The court had earlier directed the counsel to ask Malik to submit the certificate issued by the British government after surrendering property and business while renouncing citizenship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680787", "title": "Lorry cleaner buried alive at sand quarry", "text": "CHENNAI: A lorry cleaner was buried alive in a freak accident at a sand quarry in Ottivakkam at Chengalpet on Tuesday. Raghupathy of Karapakkam was asleep in the back of the lorry when a crane operator loaded sand into the lorry, failing to notice him.Ragupathy and Jayapaul, employees of KVR agencies in Karapakkam, were told to collect sand from the quarry owned by Samapth Mudaliyar.The driver had parked the lorry near the quarry as many vehicles were in queue. Raghupathy had gotten out of the vehicle and consumed alcohol. Then he climbed into the lorry and slept. Jayapaul was unaware of this and he parked the lorry near the sand loading area. The crane operator, Gopal of Ottivakkam, too failed to notice the man sleeping inside and dumped sand into the lorry.The incident came to light when Jayapaul, who was searching for Raghupathy, was told by other drivers that they had noticed the latter sleeping in the lorry. Jayapaul unloaded the lorry and found Ragupathy buried alive inside the sand.Police arrested the lorry driver, Jayapaul Kallakurichi, and launched a hunt for Gopal on charges of death due to negligence under section 304 (a) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "13679077", "title": "12 hurt in toll plaza violence", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Twelve persons were injured in a clash between the Trinamool Congress workers and security guards of a toll plaza managing company in Debra at NH-6 on Wednesday. The incident occurred after the workers complained that the new management had not given them jobs in the toll plaza after it was reopened.About 12 persons were injured in a clash between Trinamool workers and security guards of a toll plaza managing company at Debra along NH-60 on Wednesday. The workers complained that they have not been given jobs in the toll plaza by the new management company after the toll plaza was closed for four months.The toll plaza on NH-6 was closed for four months and was reopened only a month back after a new company took over its management. The toll plaza earlier had 141 workers. However, the new company hired only 80 workers of which 40 were old employees.The local Trinamool block president, Alok Acharya had then led an agitation by the workers who were not reappointed by the new company and had also submitted a deputation to chief minister Mamata Banerjee when she visited West Mindapore last month.resumed only about a month ago after a new company took up management of the toll plaza. Earlier, 141 workers used to work at the toll plaza. However, the new company has hired only 80 workers of whom 40 are new. The local Trinamool block president, Alok Acharya led the agitation by 101 aggrieved workers not re-appointed by the new management company. A deputation was also submitted to chief minister Mamata Banerjee when she visited West Midnapore last month.On Wednesday too, a group of aggrieved workers, hailing from areas like Debra, Kharagpur and Balichak, reached the toll plaza along with their families and started a hunger strike to protest against the new management company's decision. This time too, they were led by Acharya.The clash occurred when the security guards tried to stop them from protesting and left 12 persons injured. Police were summoned to bring the situation under control. Trouble broke out on Wednesday when the aggrieved workers hailing from area like Debra, Kharagpur and Balichak reached the toll plaza along with their families and started a hunger strike and agitation to protest against the new management company's decision. A clash broke out when the security guards tried to stop them, leaving 12 injured. Police rushed in to control situation.Later, Acharya submitted a deputation to the toll inspector Mohin Jha and demanded that the 101 workers be hired again, failing which they would intensify their agitation.One of the agitators, Purnendu Ghati of Debra, said, who is among those laid off by the new company said,\"We have our families. We do not know how to look after our families in this condition. We want our jobs back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680054", "title": "Left parties support strike against petrol price hike", "text": "GUWAHATI: Left parties in the state have extended their support to the general strike called in protest against the recent hike in petrol price.Three Left parties -CPI (M), CPI and CPI (ML) - on Wednesday took out a procession here in protest against the petrol price hike and in support of Thursday's general strike. However, the Left leaders did not mention the name of NDA , which called the strike, saying that the Left parties were supporting the bandh on the issue of petrol price hike and not on the basis on any party.\"We are supporting only the strike. It has nothing to do with NDA. The recent rise in petrol price is unjustified. That is why three Left parties are supporting the strike in protest against UPA government's wrong policy,\" a left leader said.CPI (M) state secretariat member Isfaqur Rahman said the petrol price hike was a direct fallout of UPA government's neo-liberal economic policies, which are causing miseries to common people. \"The common people are suffering from escalating prices of essential commodities and above it there is petrol price hike. We blame the government's neo-liberal economic policies. The government has decontrolled the price of petrol because of wrong policies,\" said Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680361", "title": "HC proposes panel to study mobile phone tower radiation", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has proposed to constitute a committee to ascertain the veracity of allegations that the radiation emission from mobile phone towers are beyond the permissible limits and as to whether they are harmful or not.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Mahesh Bhagwati asked counsel for petitioner as also the state government and advocates appearing for respective telecom companies to assist the court by suggesting names of eminent scientists, experts and other persons who could be part of the committee.On Wednesday, it was brought to the notice of the court that as per the directions issued on Tuesday, three spots were identified, namely the residence of petitioner Justice I S Israni , Sanghi Mansions, and Tagore Hospital, Mansarovar. \"It was found that the emissions were under the permissible limit and in one case it was on borderline. It was also suggested that the lawyers are not technically competent to certify the radiation levels as such a committee of experts be framed,\" said Prateek Kasliwal .The court then directed the parties to suggest names of five experts by Friday who will monitor radiations in June and prepare a study based on the survey. The court directed that the matter be listed again in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13678041", "title": "Bodyline make semis", "text": "MUMBAI: Consistent goal-scorer, Levahnah Divekar, once again produced another fine performance as she struck three goals to steer Bodyline FC to a facile 7-0 win over Bombay Gymkhana in a Pool-A match of the MDFA organized Bombay Gymkhana-Women's Football League on Wednesday.Levahnah was ably supported by teammates, Ritu U, who netted a brace, and Anjali Malhotra and Achita Sapre , both adding a goal each to seal their big win.The win helped Bodyline finish second with 12 points, behind Fr. Agnel Gymkhana, 15 points, in the pool and qualify for the semifinals to be played on Friday, June 1.In the semifinals, Bodyline will take on Pool-B toppers Sea View SC, while defending champions Fr. Agnel Gymkhana will clash with young SP Academy on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680350", "title": "'Onus on CJs to fill up vacant judge posts'", "text": "MUMBAI: There are a whopping 3.2 crore cases pending in different courts across the country. Given the large number of vacancies in high courts across the country, the Centre has been knocking on the doors of chief justices of the HCs concerned to initiate proposals in time for filling the existing vacancies as well as those anticipated in the next six months.\"The process of initiating a proposal for appointment of a high court judge rests with the chief justice of the HC concerned. Similarly, for appointment of a judge in the apex court, the power rests with the chief justice of India,'' Salman Khurshid , Union minister of law and justice , has informed Vijay Darda, Rajya Sabha member of the Congress.Darda had sought information from the minister on the steps the Centre was taking to dispose of the 3.2 crore cases pending in courts across the country. \"I had suggested to the Centre to initiate quick measures for speedy disposal of pending cases,'' Darda said.Khurshid said that court posts have remained vacant for want of adequate proposals to fill them. \"The government has be8en periodically reminding chief justices of HCs to initiate proposals in time for filling existing vacancies and those anticipated in the next six months,'' he said.The minister further said in the Supreme Court, which has a sanctioned strength of 31 judges, including the CJI, there are only 26 judges. In the high courts, there are 632 judges against the sanctioned strength of 895. Of the 263 vacancies, 18 are in Bombay high court, 74 in Allahabad, 28 in Punjab-Haryana and 18 in Andhra Pradesh. In the lower judiciary, against the 18,008 sanctioned strength in the district and subordinate courts, only 14,374 posts have been filled, leaving 3,634 posts vacant.Khurshid also informed Darda that though the institution of Lokpal is yet to come into existence, for immediate disposal of cases filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 56 special courts are already functioning. Besides, the Centre has decided to set up 71 additional special CBI courts. Of these, 62 courts have started functioning recently.A senior state government official said that though the Centre has drafted a multi-pronged strategy to reduce the backlog, it's high time a comprehensive action plan is prepared to dispose of minor and old cases. Cases, where the fine is up to Rs 5,000 or imprisonment is up to a month, should be summarily disposed of and that, too, in a time-bound period. \"In Maharashtra, we are in the process of drafting a new policy to dispose of such cases.Besides Lok Adalats, efforts will be made to set up more fast-track courts. Setting up such courts has helped in reducing the pendency,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679533", "title": "Man chases snatchers, gets shot at", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fleeing snatchers shot at and critically injured a man who tried to stop them, near Durgapuri Extension in northeast Delhi on Wednesday. Police said 35-year-old Vinay Sharma, who works with a private firm, was driving with his wife and children when he was attacked. Mansarovar Park police have registered a case of attempted murder and robbery. Sharma was operated upon at GTB Hospital but is reported to be critical.Police said two women , Manju and her sister-in-law Sanju , were riding in a rickshaw when two men on a Hero Honda Passion bike tried to snatch their gold ornaments. \"At the red light, two bikers tried snatching items from waiting vehicles but finally managed to snatch Manju's gold chain. Manju got down and screamed for help and then ran after their bike. The pillion rider whipped out his pistol and shot at her, but the bullet missed,'' said a senior police officer.At this point, Sharma, who was travelling in an Indica car with his family, tried to help them. He hit the bike with his car, throwing the snatchers on the road. But as he ran out of his car to catch them, they fired again. The bullet hit Vinay in his stomach and he collapsed. The snatchers left their bike and the gun's magazine behind but did not let go of the chain. Police believe that a local was involved in the incident.In another incident, unidentified bikers snatched Rs 12.5 lakh from a jeweller around the same time on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13681365", "title": "In China, grassroots churning in the fight against corruption", "text": "BEIJING: Last year, a small incident involving a 62-year-old grandmother and the local party secretary of a village in China's Shandong province became a national sensation, talked about in television and papers, and generating countless posts on Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter.Zhang Xiufang used to maintain a diary of news reports on cases of corrupt government officials. Then she decided to inscribe the names of these officials on a metre-long slab of stone and install it in the village square. For good measure she made another similar plaque and put it up on the main street.The day these stark reminders went public a crowd gathered and fireworks were set off. The village party secretary, Chen Weisheng led a group of villagers and beat up Zhang and her husband. The police arrived soon and Chen was arrested . Later he was sent to cool his heels for 15 days in the local prison, and was fined 1000 yuan. Zhang, meanwhile, had hit national headlines. She was interviewed on TV, and her photos appeared across the country's newspapers.This incident is but the tip of an iceberg . While international media obsesses over the Bo Xilai cause celebre because of its political implications - Bo, after all, was a member of the all powerful politbureau of the ruling Communist Party - but a tour of smaller towns and villages shows the widespread grassroots churning that is going on in the fight against corruption.Since the reforms and opening up was launched in 1978, but more decisively in this past decade, corruption has become rampant at all levels. Even the Chinese government admits this. In a White Paper issued by the state council (equivalent to the Cabinet in India) in 2010, this was described as arising due to \"system transition\" , that is, from a planned, state controlled economy to a \"socialist market economy\" .Fang Cao, an academic, says that many senior officials, both in the party and in the administration have used their power to illegally amass wealth. In particular, he identifies top officials of public corporations, like Dong Yuejin, former assistant to the general manager of China International Telecommunication Corp, who was found to have embezzled $85 million, apart from taking millions more in bribes.\"Their children study abroad, money regularly goes abroad and their lifestyle is super-rich. It is only through illegal means that such wealth can be acquired,\" he asserts.Even as the national government took up the fight against corrupt public officials and CPC members through a slew of measures, the common people appear to have responded with gusto and innovative daring.Thousands of cases of bribery or misuse of official power are reported on Weibo, Ren-Ren (the Chinese equivalent of Facebook), and dozens of chat forums on the Web. In Luoyang city, a prominent anti-corruption net-activist Zhang Xiaoli , who uses the online pseudonym Lao Niu, was elected to the municipal wing of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body.After the party's watchdog Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) set up an online platform to receive tip-offs , they were flooded with 1.43 million petitions leading to recovery of $1.3 billion losses. The supreme people's court launched a web platform to solicit reports of illegal activities by judges. In six months, complaints were recorded against 294 judges, resulting in 116 prosecutions . Within five months of its launch in early 2010, Beijing police microblog attracted more than 300,000 followers . Li Chengyan, a professor at the School of Government of Peking University told Beijing Review that the role of Internet was still limited because whistle-blowers often faced retaliation and victimization.However, China still has some of the world's toughest laws against corruption, including the death penalty. A 2010 law asking all government employees to declare their assets, as well as details of spouse and children living abroad and transfers to them remains partially implemented . Over 1.67 million officials had declared financial details of their families till last year, out of an estimated 6 million officials.According to Gan Yisheng, a senior official with the CCDI, 146,517 officials have been punished across China in 2010, up 6% from 2009. As Fang says, market socialism brought high growth - but it has also unleashed greed big time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680515", "title": "Goa University library now just a click away", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa University on Wednesday launched the website and Online Open Access Catalogue (OPAC) for its library, which will enable students and the public at large to look up titles of their interest from the over 1.40 lakh books and 400 journals at the click of a mouse. Users can now reserve and renew books using OPAC. Another 250 e-books are also available on the website and users will be able to download the ones of their interest onto their personal computer for future reference.The website also enables university faculty to recommend books to readers on the website, which was inaugurated by chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , on Wednesday. Users can access all doctoral thesis submitted to prominent varsities in the country. Goa University will upload PhD thesis submitted to it on the website soon too.\"The website http:library.unigoa.ac.in uses an open source software KOHA. Users can login, search for titles using keywords and also find related titles in the search. Books can also be previewed by the readers. If users want to generally browse through the books available in the library they can do it using the OPAC http:libcat.unigoa.ac.in on the website. The OPAC will soon be made available on mobile devices too,\" said university librarian Dr Gopakumar V, who has designed the website.\"Colleges affiliated to the Goa University are encouraged to create their own library websites. We plan to link these websites to ours so that a user can at a time search a book's availability in the libraries across Goa's institutions,\" Dr Gopakumar said.The GU library's books cover a wide range of disciplines such as the humanities, social science and pure and applied sciences like microbiology, marine science, environmental science, computer science, geology and management. The library has a special collection on Latin America. It also has a large collection of titles in Konkani and the foreign language section includes titles in Portuguese, French and Spanish.Users can either access these e-books from the comfort of their homes or through the 35 computers in the Goa University's Cyber Centre. The university campus has Wi-Fi connectivity which will enable students to access the website anywhere in the university campus on their laptops, if they do not want to be restricted within the computer laboratory of the university library to use the e-books.The website is linked to full text databases like that of the American Chemical Society , Oxford University Press , Royal Society of Chemistry among others. One can also use the website to go to open access databases such as DOAJ, African Journals Online and Free Medical Journals.Different language dictionaries, encyclopedias and formats for academic writing too are available on the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679574", "title": "Tense moments for those tying the knot", "text": "BANGALORE: Ravi Reddy has been busy with his brother-in-law's wedding preparations. But the guest list had to be redrawn as more invitees were coming for the reception on Wednesday than the muhurat on Thursday, considered auspicious because it's also Ekadashi .Families are having a tough time making last-minute arrangements for transportation to catering and juggling guest counts. \"The number of guests is likely to see a sharp drop on May 31. Our relatives want to be there for the reception as they are scared due to the bandh to even come out of their homes,\" said Reddy, a resident of Marathahalli . The marriage is at Vibhutipura Math, near HAL. Reddy added that they've bought vegetables a day in advance and kept it in ice boxes to ensure they don't go bad.Ramu Bhagwat, a resident of Banashankari II Stage, was busy arranging for transport to reach the kalyan mantapa in JP Nagar for his daughter Seema's wedding on Thursday. He said, \"We have invited relatives to our residence and we'll be going together to the hall. I've also arranged buses for the groom's family so that they reach in time for the muhurtam\".For Chandrashekhar K V , a resident of Nagarbhavi, the primary challenge is to ensure the groom's family and relatives reach the venue on Thursday. Their family has made its own arrangements and he is worried they may not be able to reach the marriage venue at SPK Inn and Convention Centre off Magadi Road on time. \"I fear that anti-social elements will take advantage of the bandh and harass innocent people. My daughter's wedding muhurtam is between 9.45am and 10.30am, so we've asked the groom's family to start a good three hours in advance,\" he said.Auspicious ThursdayAccording to the Hindu calendar, next week Shukra (Venus) will be 'asta' (Shukrasta) and therefore the period is not auspicious for weddings. The month of Ashadha follows soon after (15-20 days) and marriages are a strict no-no then. Therefore, Thursday is the probably the last auspicious day of this wedding season.- Daivajna KN Somayaji | astrologer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681572", "title": "Hospitals skip meet on bio-waste disposal", "text": "KANPUR: Despite a number of hospitals in the city dumping their bio-wastes in the open, only a few hospital representatives attended the Bio-medical Waste Management Workshop organized by the Medical Pollution Control Committee, Kanpur, on Wednesday.Though there are nearly 150 private hospitals and nursing homes in Kanpur, only 30 percent were represented at the special workshop organized by the ministry of environment and forests, government of India which was conducted by the Environment Pollution and Training Research Institute, Hyderabad.The workshop was conducted by Dr Razia Sultana, project director, bio-medical waste management. The expert showed disappointment on the poor attendance on the important topic of bio-medical waste management.Medical waste, due to its content of hazardous substances, poses serious threat to environmental health. The hazardous substances include pathological and infectious material and chemical wastes. In hospitals, different kinds of therapeutic procedures (i.e. cobalt therapy, chemotherapy, dialysis, surgery, delivery, resection of gangrenous organs, autopsy, biopsy, para-clinical test, injections etc.) are carried out and result in infectious, radioactive and chemical wastes. Medical waste may pose one to hepatitis B and HIV.\"Improper medical waste management is alarming in the city and it poses a serious threat to public health,\" opined the experts.TOI had revealed that poor scavengers, women and children collect some of the medical wastes - syringe/needles, saline bags, blood bags, etc. -- from the dumping yard outside the Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha -Baccha' Hospital for reselling despite the deadly health risks. It has long been known that re-use of syringes can cause spread of AIDS and hepatitis, yet similar practice can be witnessed outside the hospital till now.\"The safe disposal and subsequent destruction of medical waste is a key step in the reduction of illness or injury through contact with this potentially hazardous material and in the prevention of environmental contamination. The transmission of blood-borne viruses and respiratory and soft tissue infections through improper medical waste disposal is not well described. The management of medical waste, therefore, has been of major concern due to potentially high risks to human health and the environment,\" said Dr Razia Sultana, project director, bio-medical waste management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679164", "title": "Minister meets cabbies, fails to break impasse", "text": "KOLKATA: Commuters in the city are set for a harrowing time for 48 hours, starting 6am on June 6, as taxi operators on Wednesday stuck to the strike call after a meeting with transport minister Madan Mitra failed to break the deadlock.Things look bleak as of now since there is no solution in sight, with the minister ruling out the possibility of any fare hike and taxi operators refusing to budge from their demands of rise in fare and enhanced night charges. Over 35,000 taxis will remain off the roads on June 6 and 7.A final attempt will be made to sort things out at a meeting, scheduled on June 4, between the taxi operators and the minister.Taxi unions have made several demands, including hiking taxi fare and enhancing the recently introduced night fee charge - 15% higher than the normal charge and applicable between 10.30pm and 4.30am. However, Bengal Taxi Association president Bimal Guha said the demands were inadequate and wanted 25% night charges between 8pm and 6am. During the meeting with nine taxi unions, the transport minister coaxed and cajoled the members to refrain from calling the strike and instead, asked them to take full advantage of the government decision to allow 'advertisements' on taxis.Mitra has formed a committee, headed by transport secretary B P Gopalika, and the 'rules and regulations' on using advertisements on taxis will be worked out in a few days' time. \"We are shortly going to issue a notification on use of ads on taxis,\" the transport minister said, adding that this would help the operators raise some money. \"And we certainly cannot raise taxi fare now,\" added Mitra.Meanwhile, Guha said that the taxi associations were yet to receive any notification on the night charge for taxis that the government had introduced recently. \"In any case, a 15% night charge is not sufficient,\" he said. According to Guha, their appeal is also aimed at checking police harassment and the government will be given some time to see how effective their promise turns out to be.Mitra also spoke to senior officials to look into taxi refusals. \"It has reached such proportions that we have to do something now.\" The state will soon introduce 20 toll free numbers for commuters to call and lodge complaints against taxi refusals. ADG, traffic, Arun Gupta and additional commissioner of Kolkata Police, Soumen Mitra, were present at the meeting. \"We have to hold workshops and give taxi drivers lessons on good behaviour.\"Meanwhile, to improve services for commuters, the transport minister said there were plans afoot to introduce 20-25 taxi stands in different parts of the state - especially prepaid stands - including at Howrah, Sealdah, Santragachhi, Shalimar railway stations and the like. The stands would be complete with drinking water and other facilities.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680035", "title": "North East Students' Organization for special Act to protect students from northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The North East Students' Organization (Neso) on Wednesday said it will seek a special Act for the protection of NE students, besides setting up of special cells in every state, for the safety and welfare of pupils from the region.The organization, at a general council meeting held here, stated that within the next fortnight, it will write to the Centre for the special Act and setting up of special cells in all states for monitoring students of the region. The students' body will also write to the prospective state governments for the implementation of the special cells. It also asked the state government to scan various private educational institutions in the region.The special bill, according to the leaders of the students' body, will look after the interests and welfare of the students. The cell will bring students under one common fold at one particular region and through registration of each and every student it will be easier for the cell operators to keep track of the students. It is also expected with the setting up of the cell registration of the students will be made mandatory and will help in keeping tab on their activities and whereabouts.\"Thousands of students from our region left their homes and families for their academic and educational pursuits. But what we are witnessing now is injustice being meted out to them. Through them, we can not only monitor our students, but also will be able to help them during times of need. We want the state government to make it mandatory,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharya , chairman of Neso.At the general conference, the organization also raised the demand of setting up a special educational commission for the region.\"About Rs 300 crore is going out of the region because of lack of designated courses here. Students, who have money, can go out but what about those who have no money or resources. We demand introduction of new courses at the universities in the region and a special academic policy,\" added Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685425", "title": "People disappointed with BJP, admits Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader L K Advani on Thursday admitted that people were \"disappointed\" with the party and appeared to be hitting out at party chief Nitin Gadkari as he said the campaign against corruption had been hurt due to induction of an ousted BSP leader facing graft charges.He said the BJP had not risen to the occasion at a time when there was anger against the UPA government over various scams.\"If people are today angry with the UPA government, they are also disappointed with us. The situation ...calls for introspection,\" the BJP veteran wrote in his blog, the first on organisational affairs after the party's National Executive where the differences between leaders was in focus.\"... when these days media-persons attack the UPA government for its string of scams, but at the same time regret that the BJP-led NDA is not rising to the occasion, I as a former pressman myself, feel they are reflecting public opinion correctly,\" he said.Observing that the mood within the party \"these days is not upbeat\", he said, \"the results in Uttar Pradesh (assembly polls), the manner in which the party welcomed BSP ministers who were removed by Mayawati ji on charges of corruption, the party's handling of Jharkhand and Karnataka, all these events have undermined the party's campaign against corruption.\"The criticism with regard to welcoming of BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha , an accused in NRHM scam, appears to be a reference to Gadkari who was instrumental in the induction before the controversy forced Kushwaha to distance himself from the party.He noted that the BJP has a sizable contingent of MPs in Parliament as against the niggardly two seats in 1984, that the party's performance in the two Houses of Parliament under Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley has been \"excellent\" and the party is in power in as many as nine states today. But, he quickened to add that this \"is no compensation for the lapses committed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680249", "title": "Rs 500 crore allotted to curtail power loss in Kovai region", "text": "COIMBATORE: Under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme initiated by the central government along with the state, Rs 500 crore will be spent in ten towns in Coimbatore region to strengthen and upgrade the power sub-transmission and distribution system.Chief engineer of TANGEDCO, Coimbatore region, A Thangavel said, \"The basic objectives of reducing Aggregate Technical and Commercial (AT&C;) losses, commercial viability, reducing outages and interruption and increasing consumer satisfaction will be met under the project.\"The selected towns include Udumalpet, Coimbatore urban conglomeration, Palladam, Ooty, Cuddalore, Coonoor, Mettupalayam, Pollachi, Valparai and Dharapuram.In Coimbatore urban area the work would be carried out at a total cost of Rs 319.39 crore, which would include construction of the new Sahara substation, erection of a new feeder for a 23 kilometre radius, 545km line strengthening, 350km underground cable works and 712 new distribution transformers.In Udumalpet, the work would be carried out at a total estimated cost of Rs 14.49 crore, which would include laying of the line for 10.9km, strengthening of line for 8.8km and sanctioning of 15 new distribution transformers.In Palladam, work would be carried out at a total cost of Rs11.2 crore. Additional power transformers will be constructed in Palladam substation at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore. A new distributor would come up at a cost of Rs 8.1 crore.The Ooty town project will see new feeders for 60km and strengthening of line for 18.9km, totalling Rs14.49 crore. In Cuddalore, a new feeder for 32km at an overall cost of 6.6crore will come up. New feeders for 16.25 km and strengthening of line for an area of 8.2km at an overall estimated cost of Rs 9.8 crore will come up in Coonoor.Similar projects will also come up in Mettupalayam, Pollachi, Valparai and Dharapuram areas.Programme modernization, extension of life, revamping old thermal and hydel plants, strengthening of sub-transmission and distribution networks (below 33 kV or 66 kV), including energy accounting and metering in the distribution circles, will be undertaken as part of the project works.These measures will help reduce power loss during transmission and distribution, which currently varies between 15 and 20 per cent, depending on the area. \"The target to curtail the loss has been fixed at 3% per year. The objective is to reduce loss from 20 to 8 percent in the next few years. These measures would help save approximately 200 MW of power,\" said Thangavel. If the project fails, the funds will be considered as loans, which has to be repaid along with penalty, he added.A 250kv substation at a total cost of Rs 45 crore is coming up in Coimbatore. The works would be completed soon, said Thangavel. Another 20 MW micro hydel project is likely to come up in Mettupalayam across Bhvani River, which will be sanctioned by the end of June or July, he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13679114", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive deadline extended", "text": "YAVATMAL: The ongoing anti-encroachment drive is in full swing and over 650 illegal structures have been removed so far in Yavatmal city alone. The drive was due to end on May 31 but the deadline is now extended for another five more days.According to official sources, the drive, launched jointly by the revenue department, PWD, municipal council and police departments, was extended to enable PWD officials to press into action their men and machineries to demolish encroachments on national and state highways .The PWD and municipal council have already served notices to the encroachers and asked them to vacate the premises at their own cost on or before May 30 failing which the structures would be demolished.According to district collector Shravan Hardikar, he has given orders to all the municipal councils in the district to launch the anti encroachment drive. Accordingly, Wani and Pusad municipal councils have started the drive since a couple of days.As far as Yavatmal city is concerned, separate parking zones would be created along with the zones for hawkers and shopkeepers. There will be zones where the hawkers are strictly prohibited. The relocation of affected shopkeepers and hawkers would be considered later in a phased manner, Hardikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13678749", "title": "Rahangdale cancels hunger strike over faulty tenders", "text": "GONDIA: After a written assurance by chief officer of Gondia Zilla Parishad that his demands would be implemented within three days, chairman of finance and B&C; department of zilla parishad Vijay Rahangdale cancelled his proposed hunger strike.The B&C; department had issued tenders worth Rs 23 crore in December 2011, included works of minor irrigation department and BC department. These works were given to unemployed graduates and various workers unions. However, the contractors association pointed out flaws in these tenders, following which the commissioner had orally assured that he would ask CO of Gondia ZP to look into the matter.Later, chief officer of Gondia ZP Yeshwant Gedam ordered an enquiry into these works, stopped all works and payments. All works, including of drinking water supply, had come to a stand still.However, Rahangdale came to know that the commissioner had stopped only the disputed works mentioned in the complaint by contractors. He had then threatened to go on hunger strike from Wednesday.However, on Wednesday, Rahangdale received a letter from the CO, addressed to the commissioner, that all grievances of Rahangdale would be sorted out within three days. So Rahangdale suspended his hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678901", "title": "Wakf Board all set to resume encroached land in Malkajgiri", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board is planning to resume Koh-e-Imam-e-Zamin Dargah property in Malkajgiri in the city following the Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissing a petition filed by Qamar Hasan Razwi who had claimed that he was the rightful mutawalli (custodian) of the dargah.APSWB chairman Syed Shah Ghulam Afzal Biyabani said the board would first prepare a list of tenants and encroachers on the property which is spread over 210 acre in two villages and under a number of survey numbers.According to standing counsel of the board Mir Masood Khan, Qamar Hasan Razwi had claimed in 2008 that he was appointed as temporary mutawalli of the dargah, a Shia wakf institution. The following year he claimed that he was the permanent mutawalli.In 2011, the board took over the management of the dargah which was challenged by Razwi in the high court. The court directed the matter to the Wakf Tribunal that passed an order in favour of Razwi. The board then went back to the high court wherein the tribunal orders were set aside.Razwi then filed a SLP in the Supreme Court earlier this year. The board reacted by appointing counsels Abhishek Sanghvi and Imtiyaz Ahmed to counter the SLP. The matter came up before the bench of Justice B S Chowhan and Justice Deepak Mishra on Tuesday who after hearing the both the parties disposed the SLP.The property was endowed to the dargah of Koh-e-Imam-e-Zamin about 200 years ago. There has been no hereditary mutawalli of the dargah since.The Wakf Board has an uphill task before it. It had run into confrontation with the government earlier which had claimed ownership of part of the property. Some 40 acres of land was acquired later for which Rs 4 crore compensation was paid to the board. \"Evicting encroachers and re-working the lease terms with tenants are not going to be easy. Until now, the board has not repossessed such a large extent of its own land. Against this background the board has to come up with innovative ways of working on the property for saving it from attempts to take it over,\" observers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679521", "title": "Ministerial panel clears coal mining in Mahaan, Chhatrasal in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The group of ministers on coal headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday cleared two controversial blocks in dense forests - Mahaan and Chhatrasal in Madhya Pradesh -- overruling objections of environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan . The proposals will be sent to the Cabinet for final clearance.Mahaan coal block, with proven reserves of 150 million tonnes of coal, was allocated jointly to Hindalco and Essar on a 60:40 ratio for their thermal power plants. The Chhatrasal coal block was allocated to the 4,000 mw Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project of Reliance Power. Both had found mention in the CAG report on coal blocks with the latter getting a special mention for the financial advantage.The environment ministry had consistently opposed mining in the two blocks, pointing out that both reserves sat under very dense forests with high biodiversity value. Rorest rights regulations too were not adhered to in the two cases.Despite the environment ministry repeatedly taking an adverse view of mining in the forest belts, the GoM which includes home minister P Chidambaram, commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma and coal minister Sriparakash Jaiswal had asked Natarajan to review its position again.Natarajan sent yet another committee of the ministry to review the two blocks. On Mahaan, the committee said the coal ministry had literally forced the project developers to start the linked project despite the lack of forest clearance in violation of Supreme Court orders in the Lafarge mining matter of Meghalaya.At the meeting, Natarajan reportedly told the GoM that the clearance would be in violation of a recent Supreme Court ruling which had disallowed the government from giving the nod just because investors had put in money into the project despite lack of mandatory clearances.But Natarajan was over-ruled by the GoM with Mukherjee and all others in agreement that the project should be cleared. Natarajan was told to present her objections before the Cabinet if she wished.The GoM also asked Natarajan on her views on relaxing the regulations under the Forest Rights Act and permit transmission lines through forests where tribals have traditional rights. A decision was taken to refer the matter to the ministry of tribal affairs - the nodal ministry for Forest Rights Act - for its views on the issue.Currently, permission from affected gram sabhas (village councils) is required for diverting green patches where tribals and others have rights for all kind of projects. The GoM pushed for diluting the norm and permitting gram panchayats to pass resolutions in favour of the projects instead.The environment minister also committed to bring the new criteria for inviolate areas (a new name for no-go areas) which the environment ministry has prepared with five short term and eight long term parameters to sift good and dense forests from those that can be opened to coal mining .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678174", "title": "4 arrested with 339 counterfeit notes", "text": "SURAT: City police arrested four persons including a woman and recovered 339 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from them.Following specific information, a crime branch team kept a watch in Godadara area and stopped an auto rickshaw GJ-5-AY-5877 for checking. Police found 14 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from the four people sitting in the auto. During questioning, the commuters failed to give satisfactory answers following which they were arrested by police.Police arrested Mamata Ashok Gupta , Rameshwar Sukar Shahu, Shivshankar Lali Shahu and Tejnath Baleshwar Sahu for allegedly being part of a fake currency distribution network. Gupta belongs to Jarkhand. The accused informed police that they arranged the notes from Jharkhand and that they brought 400 fake notes of total value Rs 2 lakh.Police recovered 325 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from their house. The accused have already circulated 61 fake notes in the market and were going to spend the 14 fake notes.Police believe that they are a part of an interstate network which is being provided notes from Jharkhand. In the past, links to Jarkhand have cropped up in fake note distribution network. Police believe that the kingpins of this racket are using small groups to distribute the notes across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13681075", "title": "Panchayats to move HC challenging rejection of anti-liquor resolutions", "text": "PATIALA: As outsiders were caught selling country-made liquor in many villages, the excise department officials said the vends were not closed.According to an RTI procured by Scientific Awareness and Social Welfare Forum (SASWF), which has been spearheading the anti-liquor campaign, the excise department rejected the anti-liquor resolutions of Katron, Tibba, Badi Ramnagar Chhanna, Kheri Kalan and Ena Bajwa villages due to the registration of several liquor seizure cases from 2009-2011.The information reveals that the accused belonged to Khalila Patti village and all were from the Sainsi community, which is infamous for smuggling of narcotics.SASWF president A S Mann said the cases were registered at Sherpur police station. \"We do not understand why the villagers should suffer due to rejection of the anti-liquor resolutions,\" Mann said.Just 30 of the 89 anti-liquor resolutions were accepted and the panchayats have decided to knock the doors of the Punjab and Haryana high court to challenge rejection of the remaining resolutions.Panchayats have powers to close liquor vends in their villages by passing resolutions under Section 40 of the Punjab panchayati raj Act. However, the Act mandates that there should be no case of liquor seizure in the village during the two years from the date of the resolution.Demanding amendment in the Act, panchayats met Punjab rural minister Surjit Singh Rakhra and submitted a memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678532", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation students to get uniforms, books on first day", "text": "NAGPUR: Better late than never, schools run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are trying to improve themselves. The administration has geared up to start English medium class in all 184 primary schools and carry out distribution of school uniforms and books on very first day.Education officer Ram Dongarwar told TOI that the teachers for English medium have been selected and also given training. \"We are expecting admission of around 5,000 students in the English medium to be started from Std 1. The syllabus is already ready and so are the textbooks. The new academic session will begin from June 26,\" he said.Dongarwar further said that school uniforms along with textbooks and notebooks are also ready. \"We will distribute the materials to the schools one week before June 26. The material will be distributed among the students on the first day itself, which will happen for the first time probably after many years,\" he said.During the recent past, NMC school students got uniforms and other education material as late as September. After assuming the charge, mayor Anil Sole, who is a professor, vowed to provide education material to the students on the first day itself and to improve the quality of education. Following the rising demand for English medium schools, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal proposed to start English medium in all schools. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari roped in social organizations and interested parties for donation of notebooks to all students. Besides, Sole has appointed knowledgeable corporator Avinash Thakre as chairman of education consultative committee. All these efforts seem to be working for the improvement in NMC schools.The number of NMC schools reduced from 268 to 184 in last 10 years. The strength of the students also from around 70,000 to 47,000. If everything goes well according to the plans, the NMC schools may achieve the lost glory. NMC also runs 27 High Schools and four junior colleges in the buildings of 184 primary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679869", "title": "Call to namaz saved us, say some locals of Cheeta Camp", "text": "MUMBAI: Many residents of the semi-industrial Cheeta Camp in Trombay said the call to namaz saved their lives. They had gone to the mosque to pray when an LPG cylinder exploded in a bakery in the area, killing four and injuring many more.\"It was luck that the cylinder exploded at that time as most of the people had gone to the mosque to pray nearby,\" said 20-year-old Mohmad Ibrahim.Saakib Ansari, who works in the area, said, \"I had only passed by the bakery and was stepping into the mosque down the road when I heard the blast.\"About 40 people, including labourers and neighbours, were injured in the cylinder blast that caused a part of Uzair Bakery to collapse and damaged many structures close by. Many of the injured were migrant daily-wage labourers employed at small-scale manufacturing units in the area to produce schoolbags and purses. \"My cousin was in a workshop next to the bakery, when the wall behind him collapsed. I have not been able to meet him, but doctors say he is doing better,\" said 23-year-old Mustafa Ansari.Nafisa Bi Qayum (47) was cooking in her kitchen when suddenly the room's window crashed and the wall collapsed. The stove on which she was cooking fell, burning her back. She was rushed to Shatabdi hospital, where she now lies in pain. \"It was a miraculous escape for her. We saw what had happened and rushed to her and splashed water on her. She has lost consciousness by then,\" said Abdul Qayum, Nafisa's brother-in-law. Her daughter-in-law Roshan Bi Qayum (21) was bathing her child in the bathroom when its wall collapsed. She sustained injuries to her back. The Qayum home is right behind the bakery.Sion hospital on Wednesday was a picture of chaos. Many relatives and friends of the injured said they were unable to get information from the hospital. Nazima Ahmed (43), whose son was admitted there, said, \"I have not been able to see my son. I do not know how he is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680885", "title": "VCK leader files PIL in HC over Ambedkar toon", "text": "CHENNAI: Complaining that a controversial cartoon on B R Ambedkar has not yet been removed from CBSE textbooks despite the Centre's assurance, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) leader Thol. Thirumavalavan has filed a PIL in the Madras high court to stop circulation of the books containing the cartoon.\"If schools reopen after summer vacation, the same insult and humiliation (on Ambedkar) would continue,\" he said in the PIL. A division bench of Justice K Venkataraman and Justice C S Karnan has issued notice to the Centre as well as the NCERT, and sought reply in four weeks.In his petition, Thirumavalavan contended that page 18 in Chapter I of political science book for Class XI contained the controversial cartoon and added that it intended to tarnish the image and reputation of the architect of the Constitution, Ambedkar.Noting that the NCERT, which is an instrument of the Centre, should have taken abundant caution while publishing such materials in school textbooks, the VCK leader said, adding that it was an insult to Dalits in India. He also called for prosecution of the erring officials. He said he would like to reserve his rights to prosecute the officials under the provisions of the Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act.Though the union minister for human resources development (HRD) had apologized for the publication and promised other MPs to delete the offending cartoon, it was yet to be carried out, Thirumavalavan said, adding that unless the NCERT was stopped from circulating the books containing the cartoon the damage could not be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683173", "title": "Sanjay Dutt hires Salman Khan's business manager", "text": "TOI told you how Dharam Oberoi was sacked as the CEO of Sanjay Dutt Productions recently. While the actor's wife Manyata took over the job, TOI has learnt that Dutt has now found a replacement for Oberoi's other post as well.Salman Khan's business manager, Reshma Shetty, who is often credited with the actor's meteoric rise as a brand unto himself in the past couple of years has stepped in to wave her magic wand on Sanjay Dutt's career. Following Department 's debacle at the box office, Dutt had a much publicised fallout with his manager Oberoi. A source close to the development revealed, \"While Dutt has been outwardly sitting on the fence regarding Dharam Oberoi's future as his business manager, he has secretly been meeting up with Salman's business manager on Salman's recommendation. The deal between Dutt and Reshma Shetty is final. An official announcement will be made shortly.\" A close friend of Dutt said, \"Salman has been persuading Dutt to hire Reshma Shetty for months now. But earlier, he wouldn't hear of getting rid of Dharam Oberoi. Now he sees sense in Salman's suggestion. Reshma is expected to turn around Dutt's career, seal endorsement and advertisement deals on his behalf, and help him sign the right films.\" Neither Dutt nor Shetty replied despite repeated attempts to contact them. And we hear, after coming to know Shetty has taken over, Dharam Oberoi rushed to Rajasthan where Dutt was shooting on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13682400", "title": "Happy Birthday Superstar Krishna", "text": "Superstar Ghattamaneni Krishna will be celebrating his 70th birthday today (May 31). The actor was once one of the leading heroes of Tollywod during the 70's and 80's and received accolades for his performances from all the classes. Krishna also directed and produced several super hit films under Padmalaya Film Studios; a production house owned by him, and he subsequently has carved a niche for himself in Tollywood. Born on May 31, 1943 in Burripalem in Guntur dt, Krishna made his Telugu cinema debut in \"Tene Manasulu\" (1965) - the first color social movie in Telugu.Krishna enacted in more than 300 films and was accredited with introducing many technological 'firsts' in Telugu cinema industry - first cinemascope movie ( Alluri Seetharama Raju), first 70mm movie ( Simhasanam), first James Bond film (Gudachari 116) and cowboy movie (Mosagallaki Mosagadu) in the year 1971).Please join hands with us to wish superstar Krishna a very happy birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678828", "title": "Election commission nod sought for cutting petrol VAT", "text": "HYDERABAD: A week after the UPA government hiked the price of petrol and two days after at least three Congress-ruled state governments' cushioned the steep hike by reducing the Value Added Tax (VAT) component on the fuel, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government woke up to the plight of the citizens in the state and made a feeble attempt to mitigate the suffering of the people.Thanks to the very high VAT of 33% on petrol, the fuel sold in AP is the costliest in the country. On Wednesday, on the directive of CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy , Ashutosh Mishra, revenue principal secretary, under whose charge falls commercial taxes, wrote to the chief election commissioner of India seeking clearance to reduce the VAT on petrol in the state by 3%.The CEC comes into the picture because of the model code of conduct in place in 12 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha constituency where bypolls are due to be held on June 12. The EC has already made it clear that such a move would not be permissible as it will be construed as an attempt to influence the voters. EC sources said the state's request for going ahead with the reduction in VAT will not be granted in view of the bypolls. \"However, there is nothing stopping the state government from effecting the reduction in VAT on petrol after the bypolls is over,\" said an official.It is to be seen whether the state makes any such move if and when EC rejects the request made on Wednesday. The state stands to gain an additional Rs 200 crore in yearly revenues due to the petrol price hike. If the VAT on petrol is reduced by 3%, the cost of petrol in AP is likely to come down by about Rs 1.80 per litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13678378", "title": "9 private buses seized", "text": "HUBLI: Regional transport officer of Dharwad district and team has seized nine contract carriage buses, for carrying passengers on Monday.Regional transport officer of Dharwad district Purushottam told the Time of India that they seized nine private buses, which were running between Hubli-Bijapur, Hubli-Bagalkot and Hubli-Belgaum. The buses were violating contract carriage conditions and were ferrying passengers without permit. Cases have been filed against owners of the vehicles. Drive against violation of contract carriage rules will continue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13681147", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "Power will suspended in the following areas between 9am and 5pm on Friday.Pattabiram: T H Rd, Sridevi Ngr, Iyappan Ngr, Sekkadu, Thandurai, Rajiv Gandhi Ngr, Anna Ngr, Chatiram, Sastri Ngr, Babu Ngr, Charies Ngr, Gandhi Ngr, Uzhaipalar Ngr, Muthapudupet, Mittnamallee, Vallalar Ngr, Venkatapuram, Kamarajapuram, Gopalapuram.Saidapet: Baazar Rd, Vinayagampet, Alandur Rd, Kothaval St, Jayaram Chetty St, Divan Bashyam, Karini garden Jones Rd, West CIT Ngr, Kannamapet, South West Boag Rd, Anna Salai, Jenus Rd, Karaneeswarar koil St, Subramaniasamy koil St, Subramania Mudali koil St, Old Mambalam Rd, Kodambakkam Rd, Tod Hunter Ngr, Velachery Rd, Venkatapuram, North Avenue, Arokia Mada Rd, Sudiamman St, Mosque garden, Potters St, Panpet, CIT Ngr,Korattur: Chavadi St, Kamaraj Ngr, Thirumalai Ngr, Jumbukeswarar Ngr, K R Ngr, Kasthuri Ngr, Central Avenue, Venkatraman Ngr, S R S Rd, Kannagi St, Railway Station Rd, Bharathi Ngr, Pillayar koil St, Manickam pillai St, Sasthri square, Kamaraj Ngr, Malayathamman Ngr, MTH Rd, Raja St, Mogappair Rd, Gopal Naicker Ngr, Thiruvalluvar St, Vanniyar St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13685051", "title": "Indian bison on tarmac gives Mangalore airport authorities a scare", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bajpe airport authorities got a shock of their life on Thursday when they saw a bison on the tarmac of runway 06/24 at 6 am, just half an before the scheduled arrival of the Doha Mangalore AIE flight.Airport director MR Vasudeva told TOI that bison was on the runway when the inspection team was inspecting the runway after the airport opened at 6am. The bison took off on seeing the team and went down the valley at Addepady side of the airport.The AIE which arrived at 6.30am was allowed to land when the runway was secure. Meanwhile, the airport authorities informed the Pilikula Nisargadhama and District Forest authorities about the incident seeking help to capture the animal.Meanwhile, CISF and other police personnel too joined the search to bring the animal from its hide out in the valley. In the melee, the terrified bison moved from the valley into the nearby forest.Vasudeva wondered how the bison entered the airport premises despite it having an eight ft high wall, suspecting that it may have jumped above the wall where the 1.5 ft concetina coil was not put at the safety corridor. He said according to regulations they cannot have a boundary wall exceeding eight ft in height.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678763", "title": "Cyber 'friend' accused of rape, girl lodges FIR", "text": "RANCHI: A 17-year-old girl late on Tuesday night lodged an FIR with the Lalpur police station alleging that a \"friend\", Ram Shahdeo, whom she met on Facebook sometime back, had raped her for three days.A fortnight back, Anita (name changed) had gone to visit her mother, who lives in Delhi, and returned to Ranchi on Sunday. The girl stays in Ranchi with her father and other family members.\"Ram was waiting for me at the railway station. He took me to a hotel in Doranda and drugged me and then raped me. He kept me confined in a hotel room for three days and took me out occasionally in a four-wheeler,\" said the girl in her FIR.The girl, however, did not mention anything about why she did not raise an alarm when the accused, a businessman, took her out of the hotel room. When Anita did not reach her home from the station, her family members got worried and started searching for her. Anita is a plus two student from a middleclass family.Shahdeo got to know that the girls' family members had informed the police about her disappearance. Scared, he dropped her near her house on Tuesday and fled.The officer in charge of Lalpur police station, Venkatesh Kumar, said, \"Shahdeo has been caught and we are questioning him. The girl has been sent for medical check-up.\"However, the accused said, \"We both have been in a relationship for sometime after meeting on Facebook. We would always talk over phone. When she was coming back to Ranchi she called me up and said she did not want to go home and wanted to be with me. So I took her to a hotel. I never raped her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13678866", "title": "Activists hold save Damodar rally", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Damodar' movement led by BJP leader Saryu Rai on Wednesday resolved to save the river at its origin in Lohardaga's Chulhapani village.Despite being considered as the lifeline of Jharkhand, Damodar also known as the 'sorrow of Bengal' faces the scourge of pollution caused by industrial waste discharge and lack of administrative zeal.Activists from Lohardaga, Kuru and Chandwa gathered at Chulhapani, under the banner of Yugantar Bharti. Damodar is marked by a slow but continuous flow of water. The rock base of the river is known as Boda Hills which touches borders of Lohardaga and Latehar districts. Considering the Boda Hills to be a part of Latehar's Chandwa block, the organizers of the Save Damodar Movement had taken the Latehar route to hold the 'Sankalp Sabha' at Chulhapani every year on 'Ganga Dussehra', an auspicious day in Hindu mythology. This was the very first time the activists took the Lohardaga route for the awareness campaign.\"Damodar is the lifeline of Jharkhand that flows across 540 km here. But it gets polluted owing to industrial waste discharge from DVC, PSUs, Dhanbad Coal Washery, CCL and BCCL. Through our movement we have partially succeeded in drawing government's attention towards it. On this holy day of Ganga Dussehra we have taken one more 'sankalp' (resolution) to set up Lord Vishnu's in the area, said president of Yugantar Bharti Saryu Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13679011", "title": "Godhra visits from Karachi tangled in new visa rule", "text": "VADODARA: Salim Muhammed's family in Karachi's Godhra Colony burst into celebrations when he got a visa to visit Godhra in India. He was flooded with calls as he was among the lucky few who got a visitor's visa.The distance from Godhra to Godhra Colony in Karachi, where several residents of Godhra settled after partition, seems to have got longer since over a year.The new system of getting a sponsorship certificate for Pakistani nationals visiting India signed by a government official has complicated matters and causing agonising delays. An official has to state in the letter that he knows Godhra-based sponsor of the visitor personally. And this is emerging as a major bone of contention.Residents of Godhra point out that not many government officials are willing to take the onus and most are unaware about the procedure. Also, there are many sponsors who do not 'personally' know any official who is authorised to sign the certificate for them.Salim, presently in Godhra, said, \"I was congratulated as if I were going on a pilgrimage to Mecca-Medina. I got 88 calls from persons who were extremely happy for me and said I was lucky,\" he said. Salim's visit became possible only after a relative, who knew government officials well, convinced them to sign the letter.Maqbool Bidani, a resident of Godhra, was trying to get a visa for his relatives from Karachi but eventually gave up as the process was getting delayed. \"A former district collector instructed a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) to sign the document. The SDM asked for references from government officials. Eventually he said that he could not do so as he did not know me personally. The collector took up the issue again, but was transferred. The new collector set things in motion, but by then there was a long delay and I gave up,\" he said.Residents of Godhra point out that earlier an affidavit of a Rs 20 stamp paper along with identity and resident proofs was sufficient for a sponsor. \"I also had to run around for getting the attestation on the certificate. The officers are not aware regarding the procedure and they do not have any communication from the state government too in this regard. I have taken up the issue and made representations,\" said local BJP leader and lawyer Ramzani Zuzara.Panchmahal district collect Manisha Chandra said that such cases had been coming to her too. \"We are keen to sort out the problem on humanitarian grounds. On a personal front, an officer like me who has been at a place only for a few months would not know the sponsor personally. Also, it seems that most want the letter to be signed by a senior officer instead of an official at the lower level who knows them. There has been no official intimation too stating that we are supposed to sign such letters. I have referred the matter to the home department for clarifications,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679665", "title": "Mercury soars to 44.7 degrees in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hot weather conditions intensified in UP on Wednesday with maximum temperatures crossing 45 degrees Celsius mark at most places. While Lucknow recorded hottest day of the season at 44.7 degrees Celsius, mercury soared to 47 degrees Celsius in Banda, making it the hottest district in the state. Weatherman said there will be no relief from hot weather for next couple of days.The city is reeling under intense heat since May 15. The mercury level has been 2-4 degrees above normal. On Wednesday, maximum temperature was four degrees above normal. As per the Met department, the heatwave conditions are declared when temperature is five degrees above normal.The dry hot westerly wind which continued to lash the city, forcing people to stay indoors during the day. For last few days maximum temperature has been over 44 degrees Celsius. On May 25 it was 44.5 degrees Celsius and On May 29 - 44.3 degrees Celsius. In comparison, hottest day in the month of May in 2011 was may 15 with 43.1 degrees Celsius maximum temperature and in 2010 it was 44.7 degrees Celsius on May 13. Hottest May in last one decade was in 2003 when maximum temperature crossed 45 degrees Celsius mark.As per reports, maximum temperatures were 3-6 degrees above normal in most parts of the state. After Banda, the hottest place was Allahabad with 46.8 degrees Cleisus followed by Agra with 46.5 degrees Celsius. Kanpur sizzled at 45.2 degrees Celsius and Varanasi sweltered at 45.1 degrees Celsius. Sultanpur recorded 45.2 degrees Celsius, Rae Barelu 45.6 degrees Celsius, Jhansi 45.6 degrees Celsius, Hampirpur 45.2 degrees Celsius and Meerut 44.9 degrees Celsius.The normal date of monsoon onset in Kerela is June 1. It reaches UP by June 15 and Lucknow June 18. But monsoon currents were said to be stable since May 26 over Colombo . However, central Met department predicted that conditions would become favourable for further advance of monsoon into parts of Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal in next 48 hours. The department also predicted that northwesterly dry winds would prevail over UP for at least next 1-2 days. Also, the maximum temperatures may rise by 1-2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13679390", "title": "Onion farmers meet Bhujbal, give ultimatum of eight days for compensation", "text": "NASHIK: A delegation of onion farmers led by the North Maharashtra president of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) Deepak Pagar, met the guardian minister of Nashik district and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and urged him to take initiative for the compensation for the losses they incurred.The delegation also presented a memorandum of demands on onions issue to the guardian minister and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday and also gave him an ultimatum of eight days to sort out the issue, falling which they threatened to stage demonstrations in front of his residence. The delegation sought the introduction of a Market Intervention Scheme and Minimum Support Price (MSP) for onions.Speaking to TOI, Deepak Pagar, North Maharashtra President, SSS, said, \"We met the guardian minister and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal urging him to take initiative for the compensation of the losses farmers incurred during November 1, 2011 to May 31 2012. The average wholesale rates of onion in Agricultural Produce Market Committees (APMCs) were around 350 a kg during this period. The production of onion costs farmers at Rs. 8 per kg. At this juncture, how farmers can mange their expenses if they have to sell their produce at such a low rate.\"Hence, we had sought the government to introduce a Market Intervention Scheme and give Minium Support Price (MSP) for onion. The state government had promised us to take a positive decision by April 30, but it did not. Hence, we have warned of demonstrations in front of the residence of the guardian minister and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal if the decision is not taken in this connection by the state government within the next eight days,\" Pagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13681163", "title": "Dengue cases unusually high this year", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has reported 15 dengue cases this month, taking the tally this year to 130 cases, civic officials said adding that anti-mosquito fogging operations had been intensified. According to statistics, this is the highest number of dengue cases between January and May since 2008 (see graph) \"The spread of dengue and malaria in summer is rare as the mosquito density is low due to absence of water stagnation. But this year, it is higher than previous years,\" said a senior corporation health official. For more than one week, corporation health officer P Kuganantham had denied that there were any dengue cases in the city. Health officials said many areas, especially in Adyar, were being surveyed for conditions conducive to mosquito breeding. \"In summer, many people store water in containers that could be breeding point of mosquitoes. So we are doing random checks,\" said an official. Officials said that fogging would be conducted on Tuesdays (5am-7 am) and Thursdays (4pm- 6pm) in 200 wards.\"We have deployed more staff for fogging operations especially in Royapuram, Anna Nagar and Tondiarpet. If we find a case in any locality, all preventive measures will be taken. Recently, we conducted a similar drive in Kalakshetra Colony,\" the official said.People coming from southern districts such as Tirunelveli, Virudhunagar and Madurai are being screened at the Central railway station, Egmore Railway Station, Koyambedu bus terminus and the Tondiarpet terminus. Officials said the situation in the city was not alarming, but said there was a possibility of the virus spreading from passengers from southern districts.Recently TOI reported that the civic body had spent more than `10 crore on fogging operations in the past five years. But the number of malaria and dengue cases is rising every year. The corporation increased its fund allocations for anti-mosquito operations over recent years, from `1.11 crore in 2007-08 to `3.59 crore in 2011-12, but there has been little relief for the residents, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680141", "title": "Five Salat gang members nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five persons of the Salat gang were arrested on Wednesday by the crime branch; stolen good worth Rs 1.5 lakh were recovered. The gang, said city police, used to be active on highways and outskirts of the city and some parts of south Gujarat.The gang was busted when crime branch police inspector R R Sarvaiya got a tip-off that the gang members were travelling by a state transport bus. A police team nabbed the five from Geeta Mandir bus terminus . Those arrested include - Anand Salat (21), Badal Salat (50), Suresh Salat (35), Anil Salat (28), and Betab Salat (30) - all residents of Vatva.When the cops rummaged through their luggage, they recovered silver and gold ornaments, 11 mobile phones and Rs 26,000 in cash.\"The modus operandi of this gang was to stay in the city's outskirts in shanties,\" a crime branch official said. \"In the daytime, womenfolk of the Salat gang went out to sell plastic goods. During their trips around various parts of the city, the women identified target-houses and passed the information to the men.\" The gang members typically cut window grills of the houses to gain entry. Using the same modus operandi, the gang has struck in Vatva, Lambha, Aslali and in south Gujarat - Vapi, Netrang, Bhilad, Valia, Ankleshwar and Rajpipla.\"The gang escaped arrest till date because the burglars used to change cities every fortnight,\" the official said. \"After each successful burglary, they used to offer chicken to appease their goddess. The gang members are very superstitious and they believe that their goddess is responsible for their successful run.\" The gold stolen was never worn by the gang. The gold used to be handed over to Rekha Salat , the wife of Badal, who used to handle the job of selling the stolen goods. Even there they had a smart modus operandi - they collected dummy purchase bills from the unscrupulous jewellery shop owners who used buy the valuables from them. \"This was meant to be a proof of innocence if they ever get caught by police with the stolen goods. We have seized 14 such bills,\" said Sarvaiya.However, Rekha has managed to evade arrest and remains at large. According to crime branch officials she has a bank account in Mumbai where she has deposited all the ill-gotten wealth. The cops also have learnt that the burglars have invested their money in buying two tenements and an apartment in Vatva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13681192", "title": "With walking sticks in hand, they go back in time together", "text": "CHENNAI: A bunch of septuagenarians posing for a photo is usually a solemn affair. But Kalyani Raghavan and her friends couldn't stop giggling when they stood before a camera. The 17 women, most of them 76-year-olds, were back to being girls when they met on Wednesday, 60 years after graduating from the Srirangam Girls Higher Secondary School in Trichy. The exam they passed was then know as sixth form.They were suddenly conscious of their walking sticks, which were quickly hidden; private jokes were traded and toothless smiles were covered up as the women posed for photos at Kalyani Ragahvan's home in Alwarpet. There was a fair amount of shoving, pushing and hugging too. \"Most of us were 16-year-olds when we passed out of school in 1952.Now, we have grandchildren of that age,\" said Raghavan, who has been instrumental in bringing the group together over the last few years. While she got married and moved to Rourkela with her husband after finishing school, her classmates also went their ways, and settled down in various parts of the country.They found each other through chance meetings at concerts, weddings and supermarkets across the world. While Lakshmi Ramachandra met Vasanthakumari Ramaswamy in the US when both of them were there to visit their children, Padma Raghavan met Vasanthakumari at a TM Krishna concert in Chennai. \"It is amazing how we have found each other after so many years without facilities such as Facebook. We keep in touch over phone now,\" said Shantha Sampath, one of the alumni. On Wednesday, classmates had flown in from Pune, Bangalore and Mumbai.Those who couldn't make it to Chennai sent in their messages, some from as far as Assam. \"Mrinalini was not able to make it here today. She was the most studious in our class and went on to become a sub-collector in Assam,\" said Vasanthakumari, who got married and moved to Delhi with her husband immediately after school. \"The rest of us were just average students,\" she said, after a quick look around the room and with a dismissive nod.An old class photo did the rounds as the women discussed stories, old and new. S Lakshmi, who now lives in Mumbai, came from a very strict family and was made to recite shlokas at home every evening; Padma was the last one of the lot to get married and Mrinalini was the only one to have had a 'love marriage'. \"In those days, there was no co-education and we hardly got to meet boys,\" said Shantha, who had flown in from Pune. \"The Sri Rangam Boys High School was right next to our school, but there was a huge wall in the middle separating us!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680012", "title": "Three boys on picnic drown off Arnala", "text": "MUMBAI: A picnic in Virar took a tragic turn when three youngsters from Bhayander, incl8uding two minors, drowned off Arnala beach on Wednesday.The Virar police said Avon Rodrigues (15), his friend Amit Singh (16) and cousin Gallon Fernandes (21) went for a dip around 1pm. Gallon's mother, who was accompanying them along with a neighbour, asked the boys to stay back for lunch. But the boys, despite not knowing how to swim, insisted on taking a dip.An hour later, the duo started looking for the boys and realized that something was wrong when locals started shouting about some youngsters drowning in the sea. The fire brigade and the police were summoned and a search was launched. Villagers and fishermen, too, jumped into the sea; the bodies of the trio were washed ashore around 7.30pm and identified by the family members.Avon, who sat for his Class X examinations, had insisted on going on a picnic. He approached his cousin Gallon, a degree student. Amit, a Class XII student, also decided to join them on the picnic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680968", "title": "Apply physics and find jobs in nuclear sector, IT firms", "text": "CHENNAI: If the laws of physics open up the world of scientific development, their application creates a variety of job opportunities. The list ranges from analysts, teachers to researchers, scientists in areas as diverse as space science and nuclear energy to industrial research.\"The demand for physics courses is largely because of the high level of interest and motivation of students,\" says professor V Ravishankar, head of physics, IIT-Kanpur.There is demand for physics graduates because of developments in the nuclear power sector, writes T P S Nathan of Centre for Advanced Technology and A K Gupta from IBP Co in a paper titled 'Opportunities in and For Physics-based Industries.'\"In terms of placement, many graduates are employed by IT companies as software engineers or by banking firms,\" says Mohammed Tajudeen, placement officer, Crescent Engineering College. Students are also recruited as lab analysts in firms. IT companies hire physics graduates for their engineering division, says Tajudeen. \"Firms like HCL and TCS have large engineering divisions,\" he says.Physics graduates are also recruited in optical/laser companies. And it helps if students specialize after graduation. A Ph D allows them to become physicists in universities or research institutes. It also opens doors in government departments such as defence, space and nuclear energy, says professor Pankaj Jain of IIT-Kanpur. \"You can also join industrial laboratories engaged in research in semiconductors, nanotechnology, thin film technology, lasers, photonics and biophysics,\" he says. \"Expertise in programming for graduates can also lead to a well-paying career in software industry or finance,\" says professor Ravishankar.Recently, IIT Kanpur introduced a four-year BSc programme in physics. \"Earlier, students had to opt for a five-year integrated MS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685496", "title": "Sialkot's participation crucial to Indo-Pak bilateral ties: Akram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sialkot Stallions' participation in this year's Champions League T20 will \"set the ball rolling\" for the resumption of bilateral cricket ties between India and Pakistan, feels former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram.Akram welcomed the BCCI and the tournament organising committee's decision to allow the Pakistan T20 champions to play in the CLT20 for the first time since the event's inception in 2008.Interestingly, Sialkot were included in the inaugural season of CLT20 in 2008, but the tournament got cancelled due to the Mumbai terrorist attacks.\"Knowing the kind of talent in Pakistan and especially in Sialkot, Indian fans will now enjoy watching their style of play. I think Sialkot's participation is crucial to future bilateral ties (between India and Pakistan),\" Akram said.\"I hope Sialkot's participation will set the ball rolling. It will have a great effect on the trust levels between the two nations,\" he said.Both the Indian (BCCI) and Pakistani cricket boards (PCB) recently used the IPL platform to discuss the resumption of cricketing ties between the two nations.PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf was an invitee to the IPL final in Chennai and Akram hailed the move as a positive one.\"The talks between the two boards have started on a positive note. Zaka Ashraf's coming to watch the IPL final is a good start to end the bitterness between the neighbours,\" the former left-arm pacer said.According to reports, BCCI and PCB are discussing the possibility of squeezing in either three ODIs or two ODIs and a Twenty20 match between December 23 and January 10.\"This is great news from the broadcasters' point of view. The thrill, the fun and the pressure that an India-Pakistan match can generate is simply unmatched,\" Akram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679839", "title": "Labourer shot dead by security guard in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: A labourer, Surendra Prasad, was shot and killed by a security guard of a private company on the premises of the company at Pimpri MIDC on Tuesday night.Senior police inspector Mohan Vidhate of the Pune crime branch (unit III) arrested Rajsingh Darogasingh Bhadoriya (30) of Madhya Pradesh at the Pune railway station as he was trying to leave the city.Rajasingh and his father Darogasingh (62) worked as security guards at Prajaparti Foundry in Pimpri MIDC. Darogasingh had been employed there for five years, while Rajsingh had joined the company two years ago. Recently, the owner of the company had pulled up Rajsingh and said that he had been receiving complaints about him.\"Rajsingh suspected that Prasad had said bad things about him to the owner,\" Vidhate said. He said that around 9 pm on Tuesday Rajsingh and Prasad had got into a fight and Rajsingh had fired at Prasad with his 12-bore gun. \"Prasad was hit by a bullet and rushed to Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial hospital in Pimpri. However, he was declared dead on arrival,\" Vidhate said.Rajsingh has been arrested under section 302 of the IPC. This is the second incident in the recent past in which a private security guard has been involved in a murder case. On May 27, a security guard at a construction site in Balewadi allegedly shot a labourer dead with his gun following a quarrel.Six murders in 12 daysThis was the sixth murder since May 18 in zone-III of the Pune police commissionerate. Zone-III includes Pimpri-Chinchwad, Nigdi, Bhosari, Hinjewadi and Chatushrungi.On May 18 two murders were reported in Bhosari. Govind Khating (22) was bludgeoned to death on the Bhosari-Alandi road and 19-year-old Sanket Bhima Kothmire of Bhosari was also killed. The police claimed that both murders were the fallout of a previous rivalry. Two men have been held in connection with Khating's murder.On May 23, Pune-based builder Surendra Shah (56) was beaten to death at Kasarwadi, allegedly because of a dispute over land. The Pune crime branch has arrested six people in this regard.On May 27, Kunjbihari Yadav, a labourer at a construction site, was shot dead by a security guard after a petty quarrel.On May 29, a driver, Sandesh Survase, was found murdered at Pimprigaon. Two of Survase's friends have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685173", "title": "Neenu Karthika in Director Sanjay Ram\u2019s flick", "text": "Director Sanjay Ram is coming up with a fresh release starring actress Neenu Karthika in female lead.Sanjay who debuted with Thoothukudi in Kollywood followed it up with Aadu Puli Aatam's and Iyakkam. His films are particularly noticeable for their gore content and unnecessary bloodshed, to say the least.His forthcoming titled Rosa will be a welcome change. Choosing a lighthearted subject the director is bringing back Aarvam actress Neenu to the screens. Sanjay himself plays a prominent role onscreen along with actor Vaali. Both of them play cousins in the movie, who lend out loans for very high interests rates. Rosa will have actress Neenu share the good company of Sowgandhi, as her sister. \"When director Sanjay narrated the story to me I knew the role had a lot of scope.Rosa will definitely give me the big break in Kollywood,\" believes Neenu. Set in a rural background, she has a de-glamorous look for Rosa , donning the role of a lower middle class girl. The film is produced under Lingam Theaters banner. Composer Stephen Royal has scored the music for Rosa that had a single release recently.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678955", "title": "Petrol price hike: BJP leaders ride bullock carts and camels to give bandh call", "text": "NAGPUR: Local BJP leaders fanned out through main market places of the city on the eve of the bandh called by the party to protest against the unprecedented hike in petrol prices by the UPA government. To attract the traders and businessmen, the BJP organized a march with its leaders riding in bullock carts, camel and open jeeps and appealing to all to participate.In a symbolic gesture, city mayor and BJP leader Anil Sole rode a bicycle. He, however, stressed that the bandh would be peaceful and people would join it voluntarily as they were at the receiving end of the massive hike that has hit the common man most.Former MP Banwarilal Purohit , MLAs Sudhakar Deshmukh and Krishna Khopde, Girish Vyas, ex-mayor Archana Dehankar, Chetana Tank were among those who fanned through the busy markets of Gandhibagh, Itwari, Mahal, Sadar, Sitabuldi appealing to shopkeepers to down their shutters on Thursday.Justifying the protests against the petrol rates hike, BJP city unit spokesman Chandan Goswami said the party has written in advance to all traders and business associations seeking their support. \"Almost all of them have given a positive response and we expect a total bandh in the city. All shops and establishments will remain closed on Thursday. Leader of opposition in the state legislative council Vinod Tawade will arrive here from Mumbai in the morning and lead the protests,' said Goswami.\"All four BJP MLAs from the city and leaders in all six assembly segments have chalked out strategy to make the bandh successful,\" he added.Goswami said while several other countries import crude oil, the Congress-led UPA government's wrong policies have led to a situation where the prices are highest not only in the subcontinent but even more as compared to rich nations like the US and Russia. He said while a litre of petrol in the city cost more than Rs 80, in Pakistan it cost Rs 59, Sri Lanka Rs 61.70, Bangladesh Rs 43.40 while in the US it cost around Rs 53.70 and in Moscow Rs 50.20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680873", "title": "The champion's 'band of brothers'", "text": "CHENNAI: Getting the right team is one of the most difficult tasks in top-level chess, especially if you are playing a World Championship.Viswanathan Anand's team of seconds in his last three World Championship contests has played a crucial role in defining his success and the world champion will be the first to admit that his effort in finding them was equally tough. Anand fondly called his team - Peter Heine-Nielsen of Denmark, Indian GM Surya Sekhar Ganguly, Polish GM Radoslav Wojtasek and former world champion Rustam Kasimdzhanov of Uzbekistan - his 'band of brothers.'It took him a lot of time and struggle to find his partnerscum-trainers when he was coming up the ladder. But by the time he found them , the matchplay had disappeared from WCC. \"Match preparation has changed a lot since computers became vital to training. That means you have a lot more information and precise analysis that you either know or don't know,\" Anand told TOI.For a young Grandmaster qualifying for the World Championship from India, it was a herculean task to get someone reliable and useful to work with him.As Anand was already a potential threat to the Soviets, it was risky if he had to depend on their trainers, though they were the most experienced in the area of coaching and training. First, he had Ferdinand Hellers (Sweden ) as help against Alexei Dreev, but by the time he was to meet Anatoly Karpov (1991 ), he needed serious preparation.\"In my match against Karpov, finding (Mikhail ) Gurevich was tough. But that was very useful to me ... that was the first time I sat and studied chess and took preparation seriously,\" recalls Anand.Gurevich had helped Kasparov and Anand's association with him was only for the Karpov match. It was not until 1995 when he had his big match against Kasparov. The Indian had come to grips with the western GMs and slowly he started getting an idea about the ruthless professional world.\"For Kasparov (in 1995 ), I had a good team but I guess I was very naive in my approach,\" admits Anand. \"By 2008 (against Kramnik ) I was a more mature player,\" he said.His team is now a well-oiled unit, like the army of seconds that Kasparov had in the 1990s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13681444", "title": "Minor raped: Police blind as local bigwigs protect accused", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: It has been more than three weeks since a minor dalit girl was allegedly kidnapped and raped by a youth at Punnaivanapperi village in Tirunelveli district. Though a case was filed, the local kangaroo court is pressurising the victim's parents to settle the issue amicably by accepting Rs one lakh from the accused.According to police, the 14-year-old victim was allegedly raped by one Sudalaimani on May 6 when she was alone at home. Her father, who works in a brick kiln, said, \"The incident occurred in the night when we went to our village, Kadaikandarkulam near Sankarankovil. Sudalaimani came drunk to my home and took my daughter to a nearby hill and raped her. He kept her there the whole night. When we reached home in the morning, we saw our daughter sitting and weeping at the entrance of our house\".According to the fact-finding team of Evidence, an NGO based in Madurai, which visited the village on May 29, the local kangaroo court has asked the accused to pay Rs one lakh to the victim to settle the issue. \"They made an abortive bid to give Rs one lakh and settle the matter. The accused also offered to give six sovereigns of gold to the owner of the brick kiln, where the victim's father works, to suppress the matter,\" said a member in the fact-finding team.The victim was taken to Tirunelveli government hospital on May 29 for medical examination. Even though police registered an FIR (Crime No: 155/2012) on May 25, they did not bother to pick up the accused who was roaming around freely in the village till Wednesday.Sub-inspector S Premachandran of Karivalamvanthanallur police station under whose jurisdiction the village falls, said police arrested Sudalaimani on Wednesday. \"The girl was in love with the boy. A preliminary investigation revealed that she was raped by Sudalaimani when she was alone at home. Her parents were away. However, we received the complaint very late. There was also a counter complaint against the victim's father. So we wanted to investigate the case properly. I have just got information from my special team that Sudalaimani is arrested,\" said Premachandran. But the victim's father said, \"I haven't got any information. I saw him in the village even today. The accused and his people are threatening me every day. I am scared and don't know what to do\".Filing false counter complaints to threaten the victim's family is not new. \"Whenever a dalit files a complaint at the local police station, the easiest way to threaten him is to file a false counter complaint. This is happening throughout Tamil Nadu. Since most of the dalits are unaware of the legal procedures, they often withdraw the case out of fear. The case against the girl's father is also a false counter-complaint,\" said A Kathir, director of Evidence.Police said the 14-year-old victim was allegedly raped by one Sudalaimani on May 6 when she was alone at home. According to the fact-finding team of Evidence, an NGO based in Madurai, which visited the village on May 29, though a case was filed, the local kangaroo court has asked the accused to pay Rs one lakh to the victim to settle the issue", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13681653", "title": "Close shave for 110 train passengers", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of passengers had a miraculous escape on Wednesday early morning after a fire broke out in a coach of the Akola-Ratlam passenger train between Paliya and Ajnod a few km from here at around 5 am. According to railway sources, the incident took place near Baghana village in coach No. 88793 soon after the train left the Indore railway station. There were about 110 passengers in the coach.According to sources in western railways, passengers in the coach noticed a spark in the coach and raised an alarm alerting other passengers. Realising that the fire was spreading fast and it would not be possible to put out the fire in the moving train. However, a passenger, Mohammad Khalid, pulled the chain and the passengers jumped out of the window and doors, leaving their luggage inside the train.Talking to TOI, PRO Pradeep Sharma said no injury was reported and the driver with the help of some technicians on the train managed to detach the charred coach from the train. \"The cause of the fire is not yet known,\" he said, adding that a five-member committee has been set up under the chief commercial manager to investigate and submit the report. An FSL team has also been dispatched. Train traffic The Indore Ratlam route remained affected for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13680194", "title": "Aapsu urges Neso to form peace committee to solve border row", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) has urged the North East Students' Organisation (Neso) to constitute a 'peace committee' to look into the border row between Arunachal Pradesh and Assam.Boundary skirmishes have been occurring repeatedly on the Assam-Arunachal border despite the Supreme Court's directive to maintain status-quo on the matter.Aapsu president Takam Tatung said here on Wednesday that the apex court's direction of maintaining status-quo between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh has been \"ignored\" repeatedly by Assam, resulting in encroachment of Arunachal land.He suggested the 'peace committee' should visit areas affected by the border row to understand the problems being faced by the people and bring an amicable solution.He further appealed to Assam Police not to target vehicles belonging to Arunachal. He said that it has almost become a habit for Assam Police to target vehicles with Arunachal registration number plates, and harass drivers and passengers. He further called upon Nagaland not to encroach on Arunachal territory.The Aapsu president also called for opening up of a branch office of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in Arunachal Pradesh, stating that such a move would ease the difficulties being faced by thousands of students in the state.He also asked Neso to take up the issue of stapled visas being issued by China to Arunachal citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13684477", "title": "'Education and career counselling week' in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The city of Pune has always been an educational hub and is known as the Oxford of the East. The city has a huge student population, not only from across the country but from abroad as well. An opportunity to get into the top colleges in Pune is considered a boon for the student. To tap this young energy and bring before students the plethora of career choices available, Education Times in association with MAEER's MIT Group of Institutions, has organised the 'Education and Career Counselling Week' from May 31 to June 4, 2012 at the MIT Campus.Parents have always explored the various educational options available in the city for their wards. Parents and students are seeking out to explore information to fulfill their need of quality education which will help them standout in today's competitive environment.With the recent boom in the education sector, when it comes to choosing a career, the options for students are limitless. It is been observed that students continuously seek guidance and knowledge to help them walk the path that will lead them to glorious and prosperous future.Talking about the education scene Group Captain (Retd) D P Apte, professor and director of MIT School of Business says, \"The real fruits of globalisation of business started only in the last decade. This opened up numerous job opportunities in various specialised areas. To support these job profiles, requirement was felt in training the job seekers through various short-term and long-term courses. As a result, number of specialised graduation, post graduation, diploma and certificate courses were introduced by universities as well as autonomous institutes. This led to mushrooming of various institutes, training centers and courses. Some are good, others not so good and few below standard. This has made selection of appropriate courses difficult for students. It is difficult for most of the parents since they tend to use their experience when they were students. The information from their friends is equally outdated.\"During the 'Education and Career Counseling Week', students will have an opportunity to get information on various courses to make the right decision of choice of courses. During this week students will get information focusing on careers in engineering, marine science, pharmacy, management, science, commerce, food technology, and design. This is exclusively for those who are looking to pursue vibrant and strong careers in these streams. This week will showcase the future opportunities for students in professional courses and increase the awareness of parents and students.This seminar will provide an opportunity to meet the experts, faculty and authorities from these fields. These experts have immense experience in industry, education and research. Senior faculty members who have more than 20 years experience will personally guide students about their careers choices during this 'Education Week'. Availability of all this information under one roof will benefit parents as well as students. In addition to this, students will get advice on how to select the best course to suit their individual profiles and meet their career aspirations. Student and parents will get answers pertaining to education and other career-related opportunities and make an informed decision.To meet the above objective of removing confusion, free seminars on various topics will also be organised during the week at Saint Dnyaneshwara Hall, MIT Campus, Kothrud, Pune between 10.00 am to 6.00 pm. This event is a social cause and unique in terms of guiding students to take the right decision. All the guidance lectures and counselling sessions are free of cost.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13680692", "title": "Was the government right in cancelling job appointments made by the previous government?", "text": "To ensure free and fair elections, the model code of conduct comes immediately into force from the moment of announcement of the date of elections by the Election Commission of India . So to have a level playing field and fairplay in the conduct of elections to the legislative assembly, the government in power at that time is restrained by the said code from appointing new recruits or even offering job appointment letters. Thus appointments made subsequent to code of conduct in operation stand invalid, null and void and deserve to be cancelled. Therefore the Parrikar government is well within the legal framework to cancel the surreptitious job offer letters made earlier only to please the erstwhile government vote bank.Rui Ferreiralawyer, PanajiNo the government was wrong in doing so. Even though, the vacancies were created with the elections in mind, Parrikar seems to have cancelled the appointments only because of a show of power. These jobs once created are important as people's lives and careers are involved. The present government should make sure that these recruits get their jobs back. However, they also need to make sure that the candidates who have received these appointment letters have got the jobs on merit.Caslino PereiraSoftware engineer, NavelimThe present government seems to have taken the right decision. If the appointments have not been done by following proper procedures then this is a fair enough decision. There are certain departments which have gone through proper procedures. Those appointments have not been cancelled. However, some of the job vacancies created were filled after an exchange of money was made. The jobs were paid for. This is quite unfair.Akhila Salelkarlecturer, MargaoWhen any new government takes over the reins of power, they always try to change and improve on the decisions taken by the earlier government. They also try to right any wrong committed by the earlier government. In this case, if the jobs given by the earlier government are based on merit and legally correct then the jobs should not be cancelled.Anagha Sabnislecturer, Bicholim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680078", "title": "Coal blocks were not seen as source of revenue: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defending itself against charges leveled by Team Anna , the government said that although allocation of coal blocks through competitive bidding was mooted in 2004, legislative delays and high cost of imports led the Centre to continue allocation of captive blocks.\"If coal blocks were not made available between 2005 and 2010, it would have resulted in higher imports causing outflow of foreign exchange and would have had a deleterious effect on large investments in crucial sectors like power and steel,\" the government said.\"It may also be noted that no coal block was offered for allocation after introduction of the amendment bill in Parliament. Whatever allocations have been made after 2008 are as a result of culmination of the process initiated before the introduction of the bill,\" a release said.\"The idea of introduction of bidding cropped up only in the wake of increasing demand for captive coal blocks and the consequent necessity of putting in place a process which is demonstrably more transparent,\" the government said.While the government initiated a proposal in 2005 to amend the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, it said a delay of three years was mainly due to time taken in consensus building with states like Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Rajasthan fearing increased cost of coal and a dilution in their prerogative to select an allottee.As with the 2G allocations, the government argued that revenue maximization could not be the sole consideration as coal was urgently needed to ensure adequate power. Ministry of power, too, felt auctioning of coal may lead to enhanced cost of coal.\"Even as the process of switching over from screening committee procedure to competitive bidding was initiated, it was felt the required legislative changes would be time consuming. On the other hand, imperatives of economic growth required massive capacity addition,\" the government said.Stating that coal blocks were never looked upon as a potential source of revenue, the Centre said, \"The intent of the government was to induce rapid development of infrastructure which was so very essential to keep the economy on a high growth trajectory.\"It was also pointed out that the screening committee was a broad based body with representation from state governments, concerned central ministries and coal companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679047", "title": "Seven held for gambling in train", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government Railway Police , Secunderabad, arrested seven passengers for gambling in the ladies compartment of the Satavahana Express.Based on a complaint lodged by a woman passenger travelling on the Satavahana express from Vijayawada to Secunderabad on Wednesday morning, the Railway Police raided the ladies compartment as soon as the train reached the Secunderabad railway station. The GRP arrested seven persons who were gambling and seized Rs 5,480 in cash from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13680473", "title": "Naveen Patnaik safe as CM, BJD chief, says 'rebel' Pyari", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pyarimohan Mohapatra , the so-called architect of \"revolt\" against Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik , on Wednesday climbed several pegs down, saying, \"Naveen Patnaik is safe as CM and BJD president.\" It took just one statement from Naveen in London for Mohapatra to climb down.\"I understand that in my absence an MP of my party is stirring trouble against my state government. And also trying to divide the Biju Janata Dal . This is deplorable,\" Naveen told a news agency on Wednesday morning.After night-long hyper political activity in the Odisha capital, all talk of destablisation of the ruling dispensation evaporated with Mohapatra saying, \"There is no fear of spilt (in the BJD).\" He said this at the same hotel where legislators allegedly owing allegiance to him had gathered on Tuesday night amid intense speculation that a revolt had brewed against Naveen.However, not wanting to appear as someone forced on the back-foot, Mohapatra did not rule out a divide in BJD in the future. \"I cannot talk about the future. I am not an astrologer,\" he said. Mohapatra, who has been considered \"second power centre\" during Naveen's 12 years as CM, said he neither plans to unseat Naveen nor has any desire to be CM.\"There is no threat to Naveen from my side. He is completely safe as CM as he is the leader of BJD,\" he said, adding, \"If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. In 2009 over 90% of party MLAs were recommended by me. The CM did not even know them. I could have attempted (to become CM) then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13680671", "title": "Passport plea", "text": "I have applied for a passport re-issue. When I check the online status it shows 'sent for police verification', whereas the police verification was carried out almost a month ago. If I call the all India helpline, I am asked to contact the regional passport office and I'm given a number that is never answered. In such a situation, how does one receive a redressal?Purva Dalal, MapusaOfficial SpeakThe online status currently shows the passport re-issue is awaiting police verification. Please ask the grievance holder to contact the police authority concerned. The redressal mechanism is provided for within the new online system that is maintained by Tata Consultancy Services , including the helpline and the online status report .Krishan Kumar, Passport OfficerGas grouseWe booked a BPCL cylinder refill around 20 days ago and the agency commits to deliver the cylinder within three days every time we call, but fails to do so. We are in dire need of the cylinder. Please help.Amarsh Chaturvedi, MapusaOfficial SpeakThe grievance was sent to the distributor in-charge, who reverted: We sent the vehicle twice to the grievance holder's address but the said person was not available, not even telephonically. It was delivered on May 14.Sathyan Nair, territory manager (LPG), BPCL, GoaJob DoneThanks for the follow-up. The grievance was resolved on May 14 by the distributor.Amarsh Chaturvedi, MapusaBill blueIt is over a year since I received a very high bill towards water consumption. As I am 79 and bedridden, my daughter immediately brought the matter to the notice of the PWD office at Baina, requesting them to look into the matter and have the meter checked/tested. She has been periodically visiting the PWD office with the request, but, to date, no official has done so.We were told to pay the fee for the meter-testing and on November 16, 2011, we paid the requisite Rs 100. Till date no PWD personnel has carried out the meter check/test despite our repeated requests. Meanwhile, the high consumption charges continue to pile up. Please help as I am afraid the PWD might cut off my water supply.Santana Moraes, VelsaoOfficial SpeakPlease ask the grievance holder to meet me (office number 2512382) and I will help as best possible.M S Kunju, assistant engineer, PWD (water), Baina", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685666", "title": "Meet M'wood's woman lyricist", "text": "Mollywood's one and only female lyricist, Asha Ramesh, has made her presence felt in a male dominated industry, and proved what she is capable of. Asha has penned the lyrics for movies like M A Nishaad's Nagaram, Suresh Babu's Uppukandam Brothers and recently, Njanasheelan's Ezham Suryan.However, she faces several challenges as well. \"Earlier, music was composed for the lyrics. But today, it's the other way round,\" says Asha and adds that she start penning the lyrics after learning the situation and emotions involved in a song.About the criticisms or encouragement that she receives from the industry, she says, \"I have been criticised for my work. It could be because I am a woman making a mark in a field dominated by men. My career has just started and it is too early to say anything,\" says Asha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13683338", "title": "Google chairman to be questioned by FTC", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Chairman Eric Schmidt is set for questioning by the Federal Trade Commission as the agency speeds up its antitrust probe of the world's most popular search engine, according to three people familiar with the situation.Schmidt's deposition is slated to take place as soon as next week, one of the people said. FTC investigators are also interviewing two lower level Google officials this week, another of the people said. The three people declined to be identified because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the matter.Plans for the question-and-answer session with Schmidt are the latest move in the increasingly active probe, which is examining whether Google uses its dominance to hamper competition among internet companies. Google was used in 66.5 per cent of US searches last month, according to ComScore, a Reston, Virginia-based market researcher.Earlier this month, the agency, which started the probe a year ago, sent out about a dozen civil investigative demands, which are similar to subpoenas, to companies including EBay and Yelp seeking information on Google, people familiar with the matter said May 22. Adam Kovacevich, a spokesman for Mountain View, California- based Google, declined to comment on the planned deposition.\"Naturally, we worry that governments dictating search results could make it harder for us to give people the answers they're looking for,\" he said.Peter Kaplan, an FTC spokesman, declined to comment.Public defender Schmidt, 57, oversaw Google's growth in the past decade and is the company's most public defender against antitrust allegations. FTC lawyers will be listening for inconsistent statements from Schmidt, said Robert Lande, a University of Baltimore law professor.\"A skilled cross examiner will catch people off guard,\" said Lande, who isn't involved in the case. \"They're hoping to pick up some gems from Schmidt.\"A similar deposition of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates helped prosecutors build their argument more than a decade ago that the company had suppressed competition in the internet software market, he said.\"Bill Gates's ego took over,\" Lande said. \"There were a number of times when Gates pretty much forgot the bigger picture and made statements damaging to his antitrust case.\" By interviewing Schmidt, the FTC also is making it harder for Google to blame any antitrust violations on rogue underlings, Lande said.'Demented middle-management' The questioning \"is going to prevent them from using the demented middle-management defense,\" Lande said. Last month the agency hired Beth Wilkinson, a top Washington litigator, to run the antitrust investigation, signaling that the agency may be preparing to sue Google.The FTC is looking at changes Google made in February 2011 to the mathematical formulas that rank its search results, among other things, two people told Bloomberg News last month. Some websites reported losing almost half of their user traffic following the changes.Google disclosed a year ago it received a demand for information from the FTC. Microsoft Joaquin Almunia, the European Commission's antitrust chief, told reporters May 21 that Google has a \"matter of weeks\" to resolve a probe and avoid possible fines over allegations of discriminating against competitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679447", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa tells volunteers to get ready for polls", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa seems to have opened another line of attack on the DV Sadananda Gowda government . At a slum morcha function on Wednesday morning at which all top leaders were present, he was the first to address the gathering. He surprised everyone by asking volunteers to get ready to face mid-term polls within six months for both assembly and Lok Sabha. Later, he clarified that mid-term polls for Lok Sabha would come earlier than the assembly.Later, the Upper House polls brought warring leaders - chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa and national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar - on one platform. Though seated on the dais, Yeddyurappa and Kumar didn't see eye to eye and there's wasn't much interaction either. It's the first time these ruling party leaders are coming face to face after Yeddyurappa launched a scathing attack on the other three.As Yeddyurappa arrived at Jagannath Bhavan, Kumar welcomed him to the hall but they didn't have much to say to each other. They sat some distance apart and Yeddyurappa had a conversation only with Eshwarappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678850", "title": "Workshop on export biz in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Entrepreneurs of Jharkhand were informed about export potential of various products including handicrafts at a workshop organized here by Federation of Indian Export Organization (FIEO) on Wednesday.Senior officials from central government and FIEO , told the entrepreneurs about the export market and its related details. The officials also informed the participants about the regulations involved in the export business and destinations where there could be a high demand of products manufactured by small and medium scale units. Development commissioner (special economic zone) Sanjeev Nandwani said as Jharkhand was a mineral-rich state, it had immense potential. \"We know that the local handicrafts have good demand in international market. We informed the participants about the avenues and how various government agencies can assist them,\" said Nandwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681127", "title": "Donate liberally, get a govt school named after your dear ones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Facing a financial crunch and with empty coffers staring them in the face, the Punjab government on Wednesday allowed naming of government educational institutions after your dear ones, provided you have the money to upgrade the institution's infrastructure.The first school to get such a nod is the government high school in Hardokhanpur village of Hoshiarpur district, to be named Rukmani Devi Govt High School, after a liberal donation by Vidya Sagar Aggarwal - an NRI and son of Rukmani Devi and Lala Banarsi Dass Aggarwal, who live in Toronto , Canada -- for upgradation of school infrastructure.As per the scheme, the state government has allowed that a primary school could be named after a person, after donating Rs 10 lakh, a middle school by donating Rs 20 lakh, a senior secondary school by donating Rs 25 lakh and a college by donating Rs 75 lakh.Sikander Singh Maluka, education minister, defended the move saying that the decision has been taken after requests by a number of NRIs, who want to get educational institutions at their respective native places named after their parents or other dear ones and were willing to donate liberally for upgradation of educational infrastructure in those schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683267", "title": "\u201cUu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\u201d Audio Launched", "text": "The audio release of \" Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\" starring Natasimha Balakrishna and Manchu Manoj was a grand affair. Hosted at Shilpakala Vedika, Hyderabad, the event saw Nandamuri and Manchu fans turn out in large number and cheering their favorite heroes. Dr Dasari Narayana Rao , the Chief Guest of the audio release, launched the first audio CD and handed over to Balayya.Speaking on this occasion, Balakrishna said that he was impressed with his characterization and had trust in Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna's production capabilities to give the nod for the film. He further commended her dedication and sincerity whilst exuding confidence about the script. Manchu Manoj and Lakshmi Prasanna thanked all the unit members for their support and expressed confidence over the film's success.Dr.Mohan Babu, K Raghavendra Rao, Taapsee, Deeksha Seth, hero Nani, Sharvanand, B.Gopal, Manchu Manoj, Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna, music director Bobo Shashi, director Sekhar Raja and others graced the songs release of \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679601", "title": "UP adopts e-tendering for mining", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly a month after having approved the e-tendering mechanism for allotting contracts in the mining sector, the UP government, on Wednesday, ordered the immediate implementation of e-tendering for awarding all new mining leases in the state.Under the fresh system, lease holders will need an environment clearance for mining if the land area is more than five hectares for mining activities on under 5 hectares of land, no environment clearance will be necessary. The government also said that in cases where mining contracts that are still valid, the lease holder or contractors will need to obtain environment clearances by August 2012.Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Ltd will be the implementing agency for this process, which will include the entire tendering process of registration, submission, opening and evaluation of bids and finally awarding of contract. Corporation is equipped with necessary software and experience as it is already implementing e-tendering in many other state government departments.Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta said e-tendering would make the contract process transparent and error-free. Though provisions for e-tendering already existed, they had not been implemented in the mining department. The changes will also reflect in the state's new mining policy.Till now, tendering for the mining licences was being done manually in UP, with mining contracts being awarded on a 'first-come-first-serve' basis by district magistrates. There sector was also riddled with complaints of corruption and domination by mining mafia.Under the new system, the entire bidding process, including registration, coding, bid opening, evaluation and awarding of contract, will be done online.Hardware support will be provided by Uttar Pradesh Electronics Corporation Limited, while software inputs will be lent by the state technical unit of the National Informatics Centre (NIC). This will leave little scope for allowing fake bids, or last minute entry of bidders based on political or bureaucratic will.Though the new e-tendering mechanism has been made effective immediately, it will only govern minor minerals -- sand, stone chips and Yamuna sand (maurang), among others. Mining licences for major minerals like iron-ore, gold, rare earth elements, zinc and other minerals will continue to be allotted on a first-come-first-serve basis since they are governed by the Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Act of 1957, which is currently under review in the Lok Sabha.An order to implement the online tendering system was also issued earlier by the Allahabad High Court. In addition, the World Bank had also said it would not grant a development policy loan to UP unless a transparent e-procurement process was put in place.Following these orders, former chief minister Mayawati had introduced the e-procurement system in January 2008, but the practice was quietly dropped in 2010 without citing any reasons. In 2008, as a pilot project, e-procurement was introduced in seven departments, including PWD, and family welfare, which was plagued by the National Rural Health Mission scam. Later, it was also extended to four more departments in 2009 but dropped hurriedly in January 2010 because it was \"too transparent\". This happened even though the same ministers had earlier approved the system after hearing of the project's successful implementation in Maharashtra and Karnataka. In Andhra Pradesh , Rs 2,000 crore was saved between 2003 and 2006 by taking the e-procurement route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679621", "title": "CM steps up efforts to retain babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Union home ministry ordering transfer of 25 civil servants from Delhi on Tuesday, and more transfer orders expected in the days ahead, chief minister Sheila Dikshit has stepped up efforts to keep her team of key administrators in the Capital. Chief secretary PK Tripathi met the home ministry top brass on Wednesday to discuss the \"special circumstances\" of Delhi, and the government may follow up its case with home minister P Chidambaram on Thursday. The CM had earlier met Chidambaram to stop the transfers.Following the home ministry's transfer orders of Tuesday evening, the CM had asked the chief secretary not to relieve the 25 officials immediately. She is also worried about losing eight of her top IAS officers in positions of command as their transfer orders are also expected. \"The officials whose orders have come will not be relieved with immediate effect. We have taken up the matter with the home ministry. A solution will be found in the next few days. The number of transfer orders is very high. Delhi is a city with special circumstances as everything here turns sensitive. Hence, so many officers cannot go in one go,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit told TOI. According to government data, Delhi has 309 sanctioned posts of DANICS (Delhi, Andaman Nicobar Island Civil Services) officers, but only 188 posts are occupied. With Tuesday's transfer orders, their strength further comes down to 153.The CM had met the home minister on Tuesday to discuss the transfers and conveyed her dissatisfaction with the orders. Notwithstanding the CM's attempts to retain her flock, 25 DANICS officers have been issued transfer orders for the Union Territories of Andaman &amp; Nicobar, Lakshadweep and Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli. The May 29 order of the home ministry pertains to 25 officers posted in departments ranging from finance to education, and the deputy commissioners of south and central districts.The transfer orders of eight top bureaucrats who are handling prime city projects were not issued on Wednesday. The CM is hopeful that the home ministry will allow some of them to stay on but ministry sources say their orders are also on the way.The IAS officials on the list of transfers include principal secretary to the CM, MM Kutty; Delhi Jal Board's new CEO, Debashree Mukherjee; industries secretary and Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board CEO Chetan Sanghi; labour secretary Ramesh Tiwari; food and civil supplies secretary Dharmpal; South Delhi Municipal Corporation Commissioner Manish Gupta; SC/ST secretary Janak Diggal and chief electoral officer Reena Ray. The transfer of urban development secretary RK Srivastava, who also holds charge as director local bodies handling the transition of municipal governance after trifurcation, is also proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13681170", "title": "An icon of surviving troubled times", "text": "LUDHIANA: When it started as a modest shop in the early 1920s in one of the many narrow lanes of Karkhana Bazaar in Lyallpur - now Faisalabad in Pakistan - ''Lyallpur dee Hatti'' was just a place to buy groceries and dry sweets. But over the years, as its customers went through a sea change of ideas and allegiance triggered by the Partition, the unchanging shop became like a refuge of sanity.Now, where it stands on Gokul Road near Kesar Ganj, the shop is like an icon of survival with faithful clients spread across the city, country and even abroad who come asking for their famous 'gachak', 'reori', 'petha' and 'bhuga'.''My grandfather Hans Raj Kharbanda had started a 'kryana' (grocery) and dry sweets business in Karkhana Bazaar of Lyallpur and my father Surinder Kharbanda was helping him. They were in love with that town so they named their shop after it. But it was a difficult time and they worked hard to sustain and grow,'' said Naveen Kumar (50), who now runs ''Lyallpur dee Hatti''. He added that after Partition they had to leave everything and move to Ludhiana where they decided to restart business by the same name.''At the time many people told my grandfather and father to change the shop's name because the Pakistan connect might discourage some customers. However, they loved their hometown too much,'' said Naveen.The elder Kharbanda, who is now 75 and usually stays home, has vivid memories of the time. ''Everything was new for us when we moved to Ludhiana, but we did not want to snap our relation with Lyallpur so when we named our shop the same again. We had no money then but two of my old friends Sardar Harnam Singh and Harjinder Singh Dabur helped me start our business,'' said Surinder. In the late 1960s, Naveen came up with the idea of making their shop an exclusive sweet shop and he started from a big showroom in 1970.Rohit Kharbanda, who is an advocate but helps his father Naveen Kharbanda in their family business, said, ''We have maintained our standard of quality and taste over the years and so our customers are loyal. I feel proud when people from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, US and Pakistan take time out to come to our shop.\"Vouching for Lyallpur dee Hatti, Mushtak Younis, a businessman in Faisalabad told TOI over phone that his father is a fan of their products. ''He knew its owners when they had only a grocery store. Their 'petha', 'gachak' and 'reori' are the best and you will not find the same taste anywhere in Pakistan. I visit Ludhiana every year and buy many things from the shop,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683412", "title": "Christian Bale 'dated Drew Barrymore once'", "text": "Christian Bale has revealed that he once dated Drew Barrymore but the actress \"never called again\".The 'Dark Knight' star, who is happily married to wife Sibi Blazic, reveals in the latest issue of GQ Australia that the two saw \"some bloody awful horror film\" on their one and only date.\"We went to see some bloody awful horror film, and that was the end of it,\" the New York Daily Post quoted him as telling GQ Australia.\"She never called again,\" he said of the teenage romance.Bale and his wife Blazic have been married since January 2000 and have one daughter, Emmeline, together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680354", "title": "Teachers\u2019 association to approach governor over fraud in Bharathiyar University polls", "text": "COIMBATORE: The war of words between the Association of University Teachers (AUT) and vice-chancellor of Bharathiyar University C Swaminathan rose to fever pitch on Wednesday, with the AUT choosing to write to the governor claiming that the recent election to the senate search committee was fixed.The AUT has alleged fraud in the search for the new VC to Bharathiyar University. It said that the election to the senate search committee was flawed. The allegation has serious implications as it affects the entire process undertaken to elect a new vice-chancellor for the university.\"The VC ensured that his own man was elected as the search panel member of the senate,\" said C Pitchandy, general secretary, AUT. However, when contacted, Swaminathan said all due democratic process was followed in the elections to the search panel of both the senate and the syndicate.In a press release, the AUT said it will write to the governor, who is the chancellor of the university, to reorganise the election process. The allegations and counter-allegations are being made against the backdrop of the election of S Saravanakumar, owner of Cumbum College of Arts and Science, as the senate search committee member.The election was hotly contested by the AUT, whose candidate N Chenthamarai took only 65 votes while the candidate allegedly put up by the VC won 114 votes.The AUT argues that the senate elections were fixed to favour the VC after the syndicate elections were decided unanimously. The higher education secretary had nominated the syndicate candidate to the search panel for choosing the VC and he had been elected unopposed.According to the AUT, Saravanakumar is too inexperienced to be the senate search committee member, but the VC sees it as a pure battle of ballots. \"In a democracy, the losing party should not grumble. I don't understand what the hue and cry is about. I know both candidates - Chenthamarai and Saravanakumar - very well. How can they say only Saravanakumar will propose my name when he hasn't even done so?\" asked the VC.The AUT also accused the VC of destroying the moral fibre of the senate and mobilising voters to win a numbers game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13681083", "title": "Deadlock over International Roerich Memorial Trust curator continues", "text": "SHIMLA: The deadlock over the issue of replacing Russian curator from International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), Naggar in Kullu district is continuing though the Russian embassy has agreed to remove Dr Alena Adamkova as curator, but has suggested another Russian as replacement. Himachal Pradesh government on its part has already decided to appoint a curator from the state museum.According to sources, the Russian embassy has written a letter to Himachal Pradesh government in this regard. With Russian embassy agreeing for the removal of Dr Adamkova, there is some hope of resolving the issue which otherwise has strained the relations between the state government and Russian embassy.The tenure of the Russian curator had not been extended beyond December 31, 2011 on the recommendations of the executive committee (EC) of IRMT. Since the last few years, the state government had been trying to remove Dr Adamkova, but the Russian embassy was not letting this happen.Subsequently, the embassy and Himachal Pradesh government had entered into a war of words. Through a recent statement, the embassy had also slammed the state government for its aggressive approach, while Himachal Pradesh government retaliated by lodging a formal protest with Russian embassy for its statement, describing it as factually incorrect and malicious.In view of the strained relations between the two sides, the executive committee of IRMT had decided to form an advisory-cum-implementation committee to implement the MOU signed between International Center of the Roerich (ICR), Moscow, and IRMT for increased co-operation so that the affairs of IRMT managed in a better way.An invite has already been extended to the ICR by the principal secretary, culture, who is also the general secretary, IRMT, to cooperate as per the MoU and advise the IRMT to assist in making inventory and systemization of museum collections. For this purpose, a four-member expert committee from Moscow is visiting the state next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13681186", "title": "Deriving energy from music", "text": "DUGRI: His musical instruments are a source of energy, says Navchetan Singh, a 25-year-old musician from Dugri. A guitarist for city-based band Zonks, he is awaiting the completion of his band's first album, which is under post-production in Canada.Apart from guitar, Navchetan also plays the keyboard. ''I met my friend Bittle during school days and he had the same interests as mine. We started mixing Punjabi tracks and I learnt to play guitar then,'' he says.Once a pro with the guitar, he went on to learn the keyboard to strengthen his musical knowledge. ''I usually go to the fields outside the city with my guitar and play in solitude. That's the best ambience to connect with your music,'' he says.Before playing with Zonks, Navchetan played with local rock band Arpeggios at many concerts and then joined ANB, another rock band from the city. ''I even played with Chandigarh-based band Swastika for some time until we formed Zonks in 2009,'' he adds. Navchetan, who is finding suitable avenues to explore his musical talent in New Delhi these days, says his ultimate goal is to be known as a musician across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680870", "title": "SC rejects university\u2019s plea against Alagiri\u2019s engineering college", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday rejected a special leave petition (SLP) filed by the Anna University of Technology (AUT) against a Madras high court order passed in favour of an engineering college run by Union minister M K Alagiri's family.M K Alagiri Educational Trust has established Dhaya College of Engineering at Sivarakottai near Thirumangalam in Madurai district. Though the college had obtained the AICTE approval on May 10, 2012, the AUT refused affiliation citing three shortcomings. First, the college canteen was found too close to classrooms. Second, the library was found to house 179 books less than what had been claimed by the management, and third, the number of college buses was less than required.The trust approached the Madurai bench of the high court when the university officials did not come for campus inspection. The bench directed the university to conduct inspection in respect of the three issues raised by it and pass orders before May 31. The university then filed an SLP, seeking to conduct inspection afresh.When the petition came up for admission on Wednesday, a division bench comprising Justice K S Radhakrishnan and Justice Jagdish Singh Khehar rejected the university's stance and said the state government does not have a say in the matter. While senior counsel Mukhul Rohtagi and additional advocate-general Guru Krishnakumar represented the Tamil Nadu government, senior counsel P Wilson appeared for the college.It was the college's stand that in spite of AICTE approval for admission of students for the academic year 2011-2012, admissions could not be done for 300 seats in five engineering branches due to the 'adament attitude' of the university. Following a complaint from the university on August 30, 2011, the AICTE inspected the premises on April 17 this year, received explanation from the college on May 2, and granted approval for student admission on May 10.After the AICTE's clean chit, the university cannot raise doubts over documents furnished to the all India body, it was submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679128", "title": "World No Tobacco Day: Bihar govt bans gutkha, pan masala for 1 year", "text": "PATNA: Taking a giant step in its war against tobacco products in the state, Bihar government on Wednesday banned the sale of tobacco and nicotine-mixed gutkha and pan masala and their variants for one year. A notification to this effect was issued on Wednesday afternoon. With this decision taken on the eve of 'World No-Tobacco Day', Bihar has become the third state after Madhya Pradesh and Kerala to ban these products.Speaking about it, health secretary cum commissioner, Sanjay Kumar said, \"The manufacture, storage, sale and distribution of gutkha and pan masala containing tobacco or nicotine as ingredients have been prohibited for one year from the date of issue of order.\" It is based on the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India regulation no 2.3.4 to prohibit the addition of tobacco or nicotine in food, which was issued on August 1, 2011.\"Those found violating the ban would be slapped fine up to Rs 3 lakh or imprisonment for one year,\" Kumar said, adding \"It would be implemented by food safety officers and other designated officers. All district magistrates, superintendents of police and civil surgeons have been asked to take appropriate action to enforce the order. The designated teams will start conducting raids from Thursday.\"Earlier in the day, addressing a gathering organized by Cancer Awareness Society (CAS), principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said the war against tobacco products in the state can't be fought successfully unless the community joins the state government and civil society groups in its efforts.He said, \"Polio could be eradicated only because people realized the gravity of situation and cooperated with the government. Similar is the case with tobacco control. Different sectors like health, education, home and transport need to work in tandem to prevent and cure tobacco cancer.\" Incidentally, according to a study of Global Adult Tobacco survey, 53.5% people of the state consume tobacco.Stressing on tertiary care of cancer treatment, Sinha said that better facilities for cancer surgery would be made available at the Patna Medical College and Hospital, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences. He added that hospital chains like Fortis and Max have shown interest in opening their specialized cancer treatment centres in the city.CAS national president T P Sinha said Bihar has become the first state to adopt multi-sectoral approach to tackle the problem of tobacco use. While the education department would see that tobacco is not sold in a radius of 100 yards from a school premises, the police would try to ensure that public places become free of tobacco, he said.Associate professor of radiotherapy in PMCH, Dr P N Pandit highlighted the point that approximately one-third of cancer is caused by tobacco consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13680645", "title": "Vasco meeting discusses water shortage problem", "text": "VASCO: The superintendent of engineers, public works department (PWD), South Goa, has directed the assistant engineer of Vasco office M S Kunju to ensure equitable supply of water to all parts of the port town.The direction was issued during a meeting held on Wednesday morning at the Mormugao municipal council hall convened to discuss the water shortage problem. Vasco MLA Carlos Almeida and other PWD officials were also present along with 70 to 80 residents of New Vaddem, Mangor, Baina and other areas of the port town.At the meeting, people put forth their grievances before Dhond who assured them of relief in the near future. He also told officials to resolve problems faced by the people.Answering peoples' questions Dhond said, \"Soon after the new CM took over, he directed us to increase the water supply. We are maintaining our pumps and also 2 pumps will be replaced. The work will be completed by February, which will give a hike of 30 MLD of water.\"Answering allegations made by locals regarding poor supply of water, M S Kunju said, \"The requirement of Vasco is 60MLD of water. But, since February we are receiving only around 45 MLD. This is because the water level has gone down.\"People alleged that Kunju was being rude to them whenever they visited him with their grievances. Carlos Almeida assured the people that if water shortage problem is not resolved in 15 days, he would ask chief minister Manohar Parrikar to visit Vasco and work out some solution with the officials. A Vasco resident said, \"We have spent Rs 30-40,000 on private water tankers in last three months.\" Anil Chodankar , ex-headmaster of government school said, \"During the nights there is no supervision over the supply of water, there is no proper schedule of distribution also.\"People suggested that the PWD should announce in advance a schedule with timings when water will be supplied to various parts of Vasco so that they don't have to be awake at nights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679054", "title": "BSRTC to operate 100more Volvo buses", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Road Transport Corporation (BSRTC) will introduce around 100 more Volvo buses to connect the state with other neighbouring states within a month.The contract for operation and maintenance of these buses has been given to two private firms - Girish Infra Private Limited and Royal Cruiser - under public-private partnership (PPP). After the addition of these 100 new buses to the existing fleet of 206 buses running within the state as well as between Bihar and Jharkhand, BSRTC would have a total of 306 buses operational in the state and connecting Bihar with West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Odhisa and Jharkhand.For people visiting West Bengal, BSRTC has planned a 'gift' of 14 air-conditioned Volvo buses with reclining seats, water facility and music system by next month. Out of the 14 buses running between Bihar and West Bengal, Royal Cruiser has been entrusted with the responsibility of running two buses each on Patna-Kolkata, Gaya-Kolkata and Purnia-Kolkata routes under the PPP mode. The responsibility of running the remaining eight buses has been given to Girish Infra Private Limited, also in PPP mode. Two buses each would be running between Biharsharif-Kolkata, Aurangabad-Kolkata, Patna-Kolkata and Rajgir-Kolkata.Girish Infra Private Limited has also been entrusted with the operation of new buses from Bihar to Jharkhand on eight routes: Patna-Tata, Patna-Ranchi, Patna-Daltonganj, Gaya-Ranchi, Gaya-Jamshedpur, Bhagalpur-Tata, Bhagalpur-Ranchi and Siwan-Tata.It has also been decided to run buses between Bihar and Chhattisgarh on six routes: Patna-Ambikapur, Sasaram-Jashpur, Chhapra-Jashpur, Motihari-Jashpur, Muzaffarpur-Jashpur and Siwan-Jashpur.Nine routes have been finalized for running buses between Bihar and Odisha. These are Patna-Rairangpur, Biharsharif-Baripada, Gaya-Puri, Patna-Balasore, Patna-Bhubaneswar, Patna-Rourkela, Sasaram-Rourkela, Dehri-Rourkela and Darbhanga-Rairangpur.\"The contract for running six more buses under PPP mode has been given to three individuals - Bharti Devi, Kunal Sharma and Rajesh Kumar, who would be operating two buses each on three routes: Patna-Ranchi, Patna-Siliguri and Patna-Ranchi,\" said a senior official of the transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679847", "title": "Now, voter slips with photos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Don't be surprised if you get a voter slip with your photo just a couple of days before the elections . The Election Commission (EC) in a bid to cleans election process and prevent bogus voting has decided to distribute these voter slips .Officials in the Chief Electoral Officer's (CEO) office said with over 98% voters having Electoral Photo Identity Card (EPIC) and even voters' lists having photographs, it was easy for the EC to implement this decision. Usually such slips are printed by political parties and distributed among the voters.CEO, Gujarat, Anita Karwal said 98.7% voters have EPIC, while the electoral roll has 98.3% of voters with photograph. She said the slip, which would be given to every voter, will also have the area where he is supposed to vote. The slip will also contain the number of polling officer and even the control room.She further said that in case the person does not receive the slip, the EC will also make provision to give the printout of the slip outside the polling booth.Officials said many times people complaint that they were not aware of the polling booth or their names were missing. The slip would ensure that the voter even gets the address of polling booth. In the past there have been complaints of bogus voting, but distribution of slips would help curb this.Also, if the person does not have the EPIC card, the slip would also serve as valid identity proof as it would have the signature and valid stamp of the concerned electoral officer.The same system was tried in Uttar Pradesh election and it was found that the voting percentage increased because of the distribution of voter slips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678651", "title": "Rs 50L worth property gutted in 2 fire mishaps", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property worth Rs 50 lakh was gutted in two major fire accidents which occurred in the city on Wednesday evening. While in one incident, a cloth showroom at Abids, Fantoosh, was gutted destroying property worth Rs 40 lakh, in another, a godown of a chemical factory located in Nacharam was burnt down. Estimated loss in the second incident is around Rs 15 lakh. Both the incidents happened within 6pm to 6.30pm.Fire broke out in the second floor of the Fantoosh showroom at around 5.45pm and the first call was made to the fire department at 6pm. The owner of the building was informed of the fire as bystanders noticed smoke emanating from the third floor of the building. While none of the helpers occupied the third floor at the time of the incident, no one suffered injuries. All the three floors were vacated even before the fire brigade reached the spot. The first vehicle to reach the spot was from Gowliguda around 6.20pm after which nine fire tenders from fire stations including Musheerabad, Malkajgiri , Moghulpura, Langarhouz, and Sanathnagar came to fight the mounting flames. A hydraulic platform, snorkel was also used during the operation as flames were emanating out of all the top floors. The cause of fire is said to be a short circuit in the second floor of the building.The fire, however, caused major traffic jam in the crowded Abids area with hoards of people standing around on the main road, watching the fire fighting. The fire officers had to divert the traffic towards Koti through MJ Market. \"The fire tenders had to break open the glass facade of the building to douse fire which emanated from the rear side. Since clothes and other combustible material was piled up, it took us almost four hours to put down the fire,\" said Tarun Joshi, DCP, Central Zone .Due to heavy traffic, it took a long time for some fire tenders to reach the spot, prolonging the fire fighting. Besides, acute water shortage due to summer also added to the woes. \"We had a water shortage problem with some of the fire tending vehicles reaching the spot with half full tanks. Hence, additional water tankers had to be sent to the spot,\" officials from the fire control room said. While the owner claimed that the estimated cost of damages is Rs 40 lakh, he has insurance cover up to just Rs 15 lakh.Meanwhile, in the second fire accident that occurred at around 6.18pm at K L Reddy Nagar, Mallapur, Nacharam Industrial Area, a godown of a company, Nihar EPS, was completely gutted. The godown was sublet to three parties who stored pesticides and cosmetics in the building. In this building, solvents of a company was kept temporarily. \"Fire emanated from the floor where solvents were kept and later spread to the other floors,\" said an official. Two fire tending vehicles from Maula Ali and Hayathnagar reached the spot. Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy later ordered probe into incident. Residents of around seven houses, located in the vicinity, were evacuated fearing a chemical poisoning. The owners of the building were not present at the spot and no casualties were reported in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13685657", "title": "Jaya hails Anand's 'magnificent victory'", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday congratulated Indian chess grandmaster Viswanathan Anand for clinching his fifth World Championship title in Russia.\"You have won this much deserved title after intense, nerve-racking rapid tie-breaker games and proved your prowess in rapid and blitz chess. You have brought laurels both to Tamil Nadu and India,\" she said in a letter to Anand.Congratulating Anand on his \"magnificent victory,\" she wished he continued to retain the title for many more years.Anand retained the World Chess Championships title, his fifth crown and fourth in-a-row on Wednesday after beating Israel's Boris Gelfand in a tense rapid game tie-breaker in Moscow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13680292", "title": "Five-year-plan mooted for local bodies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state cabinet on Wednesday decided to implement five-year-plan for local-self governments like that of the state and central governments.This would come into effect from the present financial year, said chief minister Oommen Chandy after the routine cabinet meeting on Wednesday.The government has also formulated an action plan for implementing this in the three-tier panchayat system of the state.For avoiding the delay in giving administrative sanction to the plan fund utilization, certain relaxations in the guidelines have been brought in. From now on, there will be no technical advisory group to give sanction for the plan fund utilization.Instead, sanction can be given at the panchayat itself, based on the request from grama sabhas. If there is no technical expert in the panchayat-level, then the proposal can be handed over to the expert committee formed at the district level.An appellate authority headed by district collector and district planning officer, local-self-government deputy director and corporation officials as members will be formed to hear the grievances and complaints regarding the plan fund utilization.The district planning committees will approve the annual plans of the local self-governments. The project should be given sanction within 20 days of the submission of application.The panchayats themselves have to prepare the detailed project report and they will be responsible for the fund utilization.The existing sectoral division will be abolished. From the plan fund, 45% of the funds will have to be utilized by district panchayats and 55% by corporations or municipalities.This fund should be utilized only for basic infrastructural development . About 10% of the funds should be utilized for the needs of handicapped, senior citizens and other under privileged people.Promotion: The state cabinet also decided to promote 1,000 police constables as head constables and 1,000 police head constables as ASIs.A total of 500 ASIs will be promoted as sub-inspectors.The promotion would benefit nearly 1,250 policemen this year and the remaining would get the benefit in the next year, said the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679821", "title": "Ahmedabad residents to see century's last Venus transit on June 6", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many of us might have seen Venus, considered to be the brightest planet in the night sky, but how about seeing it against the backdrop of the sun disc? June 6 will present a rare astronomical delight for the enthusiasts as the day will mark the last transit of Venus for the century. The next such transit is scheduled in 2117. The last transit was observed in 2004.Science City and various science clubs across the state have planned events around the transit to educate students and introduce them to the joy of star gazing. Science City in collaboration with state department of science and technology (DST) has prepared and distributed a special kit giving a comprehensive idea about the event and special filters to observe the sun.\"The transit or passage of a planet across the face of the sun is a relatively rare occurrence. As seen from the earth, only transits of Mercury and Venus are possible. On average, there are 13 transits of Mercury each century. In contrast, transits of Venus occur in pairs with more than a century separating each pair,\" said Ravi Saxena , additional chief secretary, DST.The transit will be seen mainly from parts of north America , Europe and south Asia. For India, the transit will start right at the time of daybreak at 6.30 am and will continue till 10.30 am.Scientists explained that in general terms, a transit is more or less like eclipse by moon but the difference is, Venus is too far from the earth to cast a shadow enough to cover the sun entirely and thus is seen as a dot on the sun disc. Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist, Science City, told TOI that the distance from earth to the sun is called 1 Astronomical Unit (AU). \"The event's careful study will help scientists to check the data with help of math,\" he said.Science City has planned a number of activities around the transit on June 6. The scientists will be present in the morning to explain the phenomenon to the students and enthusiasts at the event with the help of telescopes . The officials have also decided to present a small play explaining various celestial phenomena.Gujarati hand for the country's science enthusiastsScience city officials said that they had started working on a unique kit right from February for visitors at the event and had also collaborated nationally with Vigyan Prasar for its design and distribution. The kit containing more than 20 articles is such a hit that more than 30,000 kits have been distributed in no time and demand for more has been received by officials. \"We will try to supply as many kits as possible before the event,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681326", "title": "Medicine practicals postponed", "text": "MUMBAI: Medical teachers from 14 state-run colleges continued with their protest and boycotted practical examinations on Wednesday as well. Practical exams for preventive and social medicine, pathology and pulmonary medicine , and medicine had to be postponed after 2,400-odd teachers refused to invigilate.President of Maharashtra State Medical Teachers' Association (MSMTA) Dr N N Ramraje said that even after the second day of its boycott , the state government has not approached the association for dialogue . The teachers have been demanding that they be paid non-practicing allowance (NPA) as per the Sixth Pay Commission's recommendations . Teachers are entitled to 35% of basic pay as NPA.\"The state is still paying us as per the Fifth Pay Commission's recommendations ,\" said Ramraje, adding that teachers were losing out on significant amounts. \"Also, the state's inaction is surprising since in a 2008 government resolution, they agreed that doctors in urban areas would be given 35% while those serving in rural areas would get 50% of basic pay as NPA.\"NO DECISION ON RE-EXAMS YETThe university is yet to take a decision on re-exams for the applied physics-II and the basic electrical and electronics engineering papers, which the crime branch has confirmed had leaked. The police have recorded the statements of seven people in the case. An officer said an FIR will soon be lodged, with the university as the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679771", "title": "Shops, malls to remain closed", "text": "PUNE: Shops, malls, public transport and all others services barring essential ones will remain closed in the city on Thursday,\" said Vikas Mathkari, city unit chief of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). \"We have also appealed to schools and colleges to participate in the agitation. Managements have been requested to reschedule ongoing exams,\" he added.Mathkari said that the bandh call has been given as part of the nationwide bandh called by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) to protest against the Rs 7.5 per litre increase in petrol price.\"The bandh will be observed from 6 am to 6 pm. We have communicated the decision to the authorities concerned,\" said Ashok Harnawal , city unit chief of Shiv Sena .Harnawal said that they have appealed to the people to support the bandh to vent their anger against the increasing fuel prices and inflation.Public meetings will take place in different parts of the city, including Kasaba Peth, Parvati, Hadapsar and Kothrud, on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680041", "title": "Custodial torture: Central Bureau of Investigation reluctant to probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Its not Gujarat government only that does not want Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigation, the central agency is also wary of taking any probe in this state. The reason is shortage of staff in the CBI and that is created especially by big-time investigations of encounters going on in Gujarat only.During the proceeding on alleged custodial torture by Jamnagar superintendent of police, Subash Trivedi on a bootlegger, Justice Anant Dave sought opinion of the central agency on whether it would be proper for CBI to probe why the bootlegger sought to withdraw his case against the SP. CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani told the court that it should try CID (crime) first and if the court is not satisfied with the report, it may ask CBI to investigate.The reason for this reluctance in taking up the probe, as shown by the counsel is shortage of staff. Advocate Ravani said Gujarat has got only anti-corruption wing and for criminal investigation, the agency rely on its Special Crime Branch situated at Mumbai. However, due to four probes simultaneously going in encounter cases - Sohrabuddin Sheikh , Tulsiram Prajapati, Ishrat Jahan and Sadiq Jamal -- the Mumbai's special branch also faces staff crunch and sleuths from the Delhi branch were required to deploy in Gujarat.The CBI counsel submitted to the HC that in wake of such staff shortage, the probe agency would not be interested in taking up yet another probe and increase its burden. He urged the court that the probe could be handed over to a state agency, and in case of any lapse in investigation by Gujarat police , the court should direct the CBI to take up the case.Interestingly, the CBI has been keen on taking up investigation in the Popular Builders firing case, which according to the central agency is an incident connected to the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case. Earlier, CBI had shown reluctance to take up probe in Ishrat Jahan encounter case and even went up to claiming that the shoot-out was genuine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684098", "title": "Ram Charan in a Live-in Relationship", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan's Bollywood film 'Zanjeer' might have some steamy scenes. Yes, the remake version of the yesteryear classic could have a few hot and intimate scenes between Ram Charan and Priyanka Chopra . Sources say that Ram Charan would be seen as an angry police officer who is in a live-in relationship with the character played by Priyanka Chopra. As such, the makers are planning to shoot some romantic scenes on the lead pair apparently.Remember, in the original version, Jaya Bhaduri played a knife vending street-smart woman, but director Apoorva Lakhia has decided to customize \"Zanjeer\" remake to suit the contemporary lifestyles.The first schedule of the film has been wrapped up recently and the second schedule would start from July. Prakash Raj is playing the baddie while Mahi Gill plays his mole and Arjun Rampal reprises the role of Sher Khan from the original version. Amit Mehra is producing the movie in association with Reliance Entertainments. The film will be released simultaneously in Telugu and Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679580", "title": "Govt in denial, plays down strike call by auto unions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government on Wednesday tried to play down the reaction to the imposition of VAT on CNG even as many autorickshaw drivers threatened to go on strike on May 31. While a senior government official claimed that auto unions would not go on strike, transport minister Arvinder Singh met a section of three-wheeler scooter rickshaw (TSR) drivers to allay their fears.However, a large section of the 55,000 autos are expected to be off roads on Thursday, with taxis and other para-transit like phat-phat and Gramin Sewa also joining in.Kishan Verma, head of the Congress-backed all Delhi auto taxi transporters union, said, \"The minister assured us that the imposition of VAT was only a proposal at present. Only if it's passed will the tax be imposed. So we shall wait and see what happens before we launch an agitation.\" Though Verma, who claims to have the support of another 17 auto unions, said some autos would ply on Thursday, other TSR unions have said they will be joining the Delhi bandh organized by BJP. Rajinder Soni of Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh said, \"Autos will stop plying from midnight on Wednesday. We will not allow a single auto to ply during the bandh.\" He said that if the tax proposal is passed by the assembly, auto unions were planning to go on an indefinite strike.Similar views were expressed by union leader Suraj Vaid of the All India tourist taxi association.\"The hike will impact us adversely. Our taxis go outside Delhi and the petrol hike is worse, for instance in Rajasthan. It's almost a jump of Rs 12 for us. Who will be willing to pay that much to us,\" he said. According to Vaid, apart from the 5,000 tourist taxis, 7,000 regular taxis as well as 1,000 radio taxis will also be participating in the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679476", "title": "Fire halts Kanyakumari Express, passengers safe", "text": "BANGALORE: A minor fire was spotted in one of the AC 3 tier bogies of the Kanyakumari Express . The train, which left Bangalore City railway station at 9.45pm Wednesday, had to make an emergency stop at Whitefield railway station after the fire was spotted at 10.10pm after it left KR Puram station. All the passengers were evacuated and the fire was put out. No casualties were reported.The fire was again spotted at 10.30pm. The train was bound for Kanyakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13685660", "title": "Bharat bandh: Normal life affected in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Normal life was affected in Punjab due to the bandh called by NDA and Left parties to protest the steep hike in petrol prices. Commercial establishments, including shops and markets, at Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Batala, Kapurthala, Pathankot and Amritsar remained closed, though factories and other industrial units were operational.However, chemist shops and medical services providers were open.Reports from Chandigarh said that several BJP activists held a protest close to the tracks of Chandigarh railway station following which the New Delhi-Chandigarh-Kalka Himalayan Queen was stopped just before the railway station leaving a number of people stranded.With the Ambala-Chandigarh rail link being single line and Himalayan Queen not being allowed to proceed in view of the protest, the authorities halted the New Delhi-Chandigarh-Kalka Shatabdi Express near Lalru, about 30 km from here.Another train running between Bhiwani and Kalka also got held up due to the protest. Paschim Express, headed for Mumbai, which was scheduled to leave from Chandigarh at 11:15 AM, was also halted at Chandigarh station for the time being in view of the protest.The Bandh also hit road transport network with buses, including private, remaining off the road, in various districts including Patiala, Gurdaspur, Pathankot and Kapurthala.Majority of truckers were also not plying their vehicles in the wake of the bandh call, reports said.Shopkeepers in Phagwara were forced by protesters belonging to SAD and BJP to shut down the shutters of their shops.Workers of SAD and BJP were also seen persuading the shopkeepers and owners of other commercial establishments to shut down their shops in order to make the bandhsuccessful.However, no reports of untoward incidents has been received so far from any part of the state.BJP and SAD workers held protest rallies at various locations in Punjab to express their anger against the steep hike made in petrol prices by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679536", "title": "Congress says 4.5% quota is its commitment to minorities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday dubbed 4.5% sub-quota as its commitment to minorities, betraying concern that judicial veto to its outreach measure may leave it vulnerable to political sniping.In a suo moto statement, AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said, \"The progress of minorities is our commitment and responsibility. We will fulfill promises made in our election manifesto. The law minister has already said government will move Supreme Court against the Andhra Pradesh High Court order. We have a commitment to minorities.\"The Congress bid to strongly own up the 'minority quota' came amid palpable resentment among Muslims over the quashing of 4.5% quota and indications that quota-facilitated success in elite exams like IIT in its inaugural year could be set aside. The community leaders have also termed the order as unfortunate.Though the Andhra HC has in the past struck down quota given to religious minorities, sections of Congress are worried that scrapping of 4.5% quota could leave it susceptible to attacks from rivals from both sides of the ideological divide.While BJP has already gone on the offensive to dub the measure as driven by communal considerations, quoting the court order to back its charge, Congress's \"secular\" rivals have adopted a curious silence but could target the party soon. After Congress struck a loud pitch in UP campaign over the quota to woo Muslims, Samajwadi Party rubbished it as a decision meant only for electoral gains.The quashing has given the Samajwadis the perfect opening to target Congress, though they have preferred to keep quiet just yet. The same is true for other 'secular' parties.The Congress concern to ring fence the party was evident in its independent move to reassure minorities even though law minister Salman Khurshid had earlier announced the decision to move apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680049", "title": "Encounter cop Suryavanshi axed for threatening woman magistrate", "text": "MUMBAI: Tainted cop Pradeep Suryavanshi was recently dismissed from the force after he was held guilty of contempt to court for threatening a woman magistrate, R Shaikh, in 2009. The dismissal order was communicated to him last week by the state police and a notice was issued to all police departments.Suryavanshi, who was a senior inspector, was suspended following his alleged involvement in the 2006 Lakkhan Bhaiyya aka Ramnarayan Gupta fake encounter case. Suryavanshi and 18 other accused, including encounter specialist Pradeep Sharma, are currently facing trial in a special CBI court for their alleged involvement in the fake encounter case.It is the prosecution's case that on November 1, 2006, some officials from D N Nagar police station picked up Gupta from Vashi and took him to Nana Nani Park in Versova, where he was allegedly shot in a fake police encounter. Gupta, an alleged Chhota Rajan aide, was said to be involved in several cases of murder and robbery. Suryavanshi was posted as senior inspector at D N Nagar police station at that time.Following Suryavasnhi's threat to magistrate R Shaikh, the high court in 2010 initiated contempt proceedings against the senior inspector.On February 4, 2011, the HC sentenced Suryavanshi to three months' imprisonment for threatening the magistrate and also fined him Rs 2,000. \"The allegations as to interfering in the administration of justice by way of giving threats to the judicial officer (magistrate) is definitely a serious matter. More so, when such threats are coming from a responsible senior police officer (Suryavanshi),\" the high court had observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13678165", "title": "Bald men prone to prostate cancer", "text": "LONDON: Bald men may be more at risk of developing prostate cancer, a new research has revealed. Researchers found that men who underwent prostate biopsies were more likely to be diagnosed with cancer if they had lost significant amounts of hair.The reasons why are not clear, but researchers think it may be connected to higher levels of testosterone, the hormone which can trigger the development of cancerous cells but also inhibit hair growth. Dr Neil Fleshner, who led the study at the University of Toronto, said that although the findings need to be replicated in further research, they could sound an alarm bell for men with receding hair lines. \"The more bald men were, the more likely they were to have prostate cancer,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying. \"Bald men should be aware that they may benefit from being screened earlier and perhaps, if necessary, from being biopsied sooner,\" he said. However, since the results come from a relatively small study, involving just 214 men, it does not prove that baldness actually triggers cancer.Nearly 32,000 cases of prostate cancer are diagnosed every year in the UK and 10,000 men die from it - the equivalent of more than one an hour. The researchers recruited 214 men aged between 59 and 70 who had been referred for a biopsy as they had raised levels of prostate specific antigen ( PSA ), a marker in the blood that hints at an increased risk of cancer.They judged baldness on a four-point scale, beginning with slight hair loss at the front of the scalp, up to severe loss on the top and sides. The findings, presented at the annual meeting of the American Urological Association in Atlanta , Georgia, exemplified that the more severe a man's balding pattern, the more likely he was to have a tumour.The results corroborates a 2010 study which showed that bald men are also more at risk of another prostate condition, called benign prostatic hyperplasia , or BPH. This is where the prostate becomes enlarged, usually as a result of the ageing process, until it presses on the urethra, the tube that carries urine from the bladder out of the body. The initial sign of the condition, which affects around 2.5million men in the UK, is usually trouble in passing urine, or difficulty starting even when the bladder is full. Untreated BPH can cause kidney damage if it becomes impossible to urinate.It can also lead to bladder stones, depression and daytime tiredness due to constant broken sleep. High levels of testosterone are thought to be a major factor by stimulating the growth of abnormally high numbers of prostate cells. But in baldness, high testosterone levels have an adverse affect on the hair follicles, acting on a hormone receptor on the hair follicle to slow down hair production. Spanish scientists found that men who went bald in their twenties and thirties had larger prostate volume and reduced urinary flow - two key signs that BPH is developing - compared to men who had not suffered hair loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680135", "title": "Ahmedabad police out in full force for bandh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The bandh called for May 31 by several political parties has put the state police on high alert. City police officials too have been put on 'stand to' from 8 am.\"All police points have been provided with videographers so that any person staging a dharna or resorting to violence will be arrested along with video evidence,\" said a senior city police official. \"All police control room vans have been deployed at various points of the city. The city police have been given two companies of SRP which will be stationed at the Shahibaug police headquarters and called for assistance in case of an exigency.\"In-charge director general of police of Gujarat, Chittaranjan Singh, said: \"All police officials of various agencies, including plainclothesmen have been asked to report for duty in their uniforms. And even those who handle administrative functions have been put on duty. We are leaving nothing to chance.\"Meanwhile, various trade bodies and political parties supporting the bandh have asked the public to join their cause and make the bandh a success. However, trade bodies also want the state to reduce VAT.Prakash Kapadia, the president of Gujarat Merchant Chamber, said that the body had decided to support the bandh. \"We have asked all our members to observe total bandh,\" he said. \"The chamber has held a series of meetings with its members and various associated bodies. We have even sent circulars and contacted members on the phone requesting them to support the bandh.\"The chamber feels that the state too has failed to give cheap fuel to its citizens. \"The Centre should decrease prices, but the state government should reduce its VAT component so that the price of petrol comes down in the state.\"Meanwhile, the state BJP has directed all its district and taluka units to ensure that the bandh was a success. The BJP spokesperson has asked the party's members not to resort to any kind or violence or disruption. The Communist Party of India (Marxist) too has decided to support the bandh mooted by the NDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679905", "title": "Pyari aborts 'coup' against Naveen government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Naveen Patnaik is safe as chief minister and BJD president, said Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Wednesday after night-long hectic political parleys made apparent that he and his loyalists were attempting to destablise the ruling dispensation.\"There is no fear of spilt (in BJD),\" Pyari told a hurriedly-convened press conference early morning at a hotel, where legislators owing allegiance to him had converged on Tuesday night amid intense speculation and high political drama indicating a revolt against Naveen. Though Pyari sought to downplay his perceived \"show of strength\" at a time when Naveen was overseas, he did not rule out a divide in BJD in the future. \"I cannot talk about the future. I am not an astrologer,\" he said.Pyari, who for the better part of Naveen's 12-year-long stint as CM was considered the \"second power centre\" in BJD, said he neither had plans to \"unseat\" Naveen nor nourished a desire to be CM. \"There is absolutely no threat to Naveen from my side. He is completely safe as CM as he is the leader of BJD,\" Pyari said, adding, \"If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. In 2009 over 90 per cent of the party candidates who got elected as MLAs were recommended by me and selected by Naveen. The CM did not even know them.I could have attempted (to become CM) then. Why now when it is the worst period?\" Pyari said Naveen continued to be the leader of BJD, but underscored his contribution saying he was looking after the party organization since 2003. \"The public mandate for BJD was because of the party organization, not because of (anyone's) image. Image can contribute to five to ten per cent, but victory is due to organization,\" he asserted, taking a dig at those who say that Naveen's \"clean\" image had fetched BJD successive electoral triumphs.Pyari's statements came hours after Naveen told a news agency in London: \"I understand that in my absence an MP of my party is stirring trouble against my state government. And also trying to divide the Biju Janata Dal . This is deplorable.\" Pyari, however, said Naveen had telephoned him to enquire about the developments. Pyari said Naveen was possibly misled by some party leaders into making such comments.As a parallel show, majority of BJD's 104 MLAs met at Naveen Niwas and put their signatures pledging support for Naveen as their \"undisputed leader\". Pyari, it is believed, made legislators who met him sign on a piece of paper, announcing their support for him. Some party workers even burnt an effigy of Pyari in front of Naveen Niwas apparently to demonstrate their rejection of any move to upstage Naveen.Pyari said 33 MLAs, including ministers Anjali Behera, Sarada Nayak and Sanjib Sahu , met him at his residence on Tuesday evening and expressed their discontentment over party affairs. At least 13 other legislators, he added, could not come to his residence to avoid the media. He said the MLAs' disenchantment was over \"undisciplined elements\" affecting the party organization for the past two-three years (since Pyari stopped looking after organizational issues). Pyari also alleged Naveen was surrounded by some \"conspirators\", who were attempting to create problems between Naveen and him.The bureaucrat-turned-politician, however, admitted he had differences with Naveen because he felt that the government was gradually losing control due to bureaucrats' arrogance. \"I had drawn the CM's attention to this but little action was taken. The arrogance of bureaucrats was increasing day by day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679870", "title": "Court frames charges against Santosh Mane", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V K Shewale on Wednesday framed charges against bus driver Santosh Mane (40) who, on January 25, had hijacked an empty MSRTC bus and driven it recklessly for almost 14 km, killing nine people and injuring 37.The court framed charges against Mane after he pleaded not guilty in the presence of his newly-appointed Satara-based lawyer Dhananjay Mane . The case has been kept for formal hearing on June 21.Additional public prosecutor Kashinath Dighe told TOI that the charges were framed under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.Dighe said that Mane was not suffering from a mental illness and was fit to stand trial. The charges against him were framed on the basis of the charges levelled against him in the chargesheet. When the case came up for hearing, the court had not altered or deleted any of the charges levelled against Mane, he added.Mane's murderous drive had killed Pooja Patil, Ram Shukla , Shubhangi More, Pinkesh Khandewal, Ankush Tikone, Akshay Pise, Milind Gaikwad, Shweta Oswal and Chandeo Bhandwalkar.A resident of Solapur, Mane had been working at Swargate depot since 2009. He lived alone at the depot's restroom. His wife had died a few years ago, after which he remarried. His second wife and children live in Solapur. Mane is currently lodged at Yerawada central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679648", "title": "Civic worker among 2 held for forging birth certificates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons who allegedly ran a racket involving forging of birth certificates were arrested on Sunday. The accused, Ajeet Kumar Dass, and Jagbandhu Dass, a gardener at a municipal corporation, were caught from Chandrawal in north Delhi.Police have recovered 537 fake birth certificates, seven fake rubber stamps of sub-registrar and registrar of different zones of Delhi and a computer. DCP (crime branch) Sanjay Jain said the gang used to charge Rs 1,000 for a fake birth certificate.During interrogation, it was found that Ajeet works at a printing press in New Chandrawal, Subji Mandi area. He came into contact with Jagbandhu Dass in 2009. On finding the business lucrative he joined hands with him. \"Jagbandhu Dass works at as a gardener in the Civil Lines zone,\" said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia.\"Both Ajeet and Jagbandhu are from Orissa. As Ajeet knew how to operate a computer, Jagbandhu asked him prepare the birth certificates. He paid Ajeet Rs 9000 for procuring a computer and they started forging birth certificates. In 2010, the stock with Jagbandhu ran out. Ajeet then got some forms from a printing press at Shora Kothi, Subji Mandi,\" said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679811", "title": "Naroda Patia case: Court issues notice over final report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Now that the trial has been completed in the Naroda Patia massacre case, the special court on Wednesday issued notice to the special investigation team (SIT) in connection with witnesses' plea demanding final report on further probe conducted in this case.Seeking explanation from the SIT by June 14 on what happened to its further investigation that was on for more than last two years, designated judge Jyotsnaben Yagnik kept further hearing on the issue next month.The court issued notice on the basis of an application filed by eyewitnesses and convener of Jan Sangharsh Manch , Amrish Patel , seeking direction to the SIT to submit the final report as per section 173(2) of CrPC on basis of earlier applications for further investigation filed before the SIT and special court since 2009.Earlier, these applicants requested that further probe was required to be conducted with regard to larger conspiracy, connivance or criminal negligence by cops in incidents that resulted in deaths and destruction and analysis of call details contained in the CD produced by senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma.When the issue came before the court last year, the court rejected the plea on SIT's claim that further investigation was already under way as per the Supreme Court's directions.On Wednesday, petitioners' counsel S H Iyer argued that the SIT had not filed any report in connection with earlier applications for last two years, though the court had specifically asked them to submit or forward the report to the court that has taken cognizance of the Naroda Patia case.This development took place before the SIT submitted its closure report on the complaint filed by Zakia Jafri against chief minister Narendra Modi and others for their alleged involvement in the 2002 riots. The SIT also assured the court that it would place the report before appropriate court only after it submits the report as per the SC directions. Accordingly, it placed its report before metropolitan court No 11 on February 8.Incidentally, the same court also takes cognizance of the Naroda Patia case, as the SIT filed all its supplementary charge sheets before this court only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678823", "title": "Engineering entrance test thorn for JAC students", "text": "RANCHI: Students passing out from the Jharkhand Academic Council will be affected the most by the new pattern of admission in engineering colleges which is to be implemented from 2013 all over India.According to the new pattern, a joint entrance examination will be taken combining IIT- JEE and All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE). For the selection, 40% marks of Class XII results and 60% of the combined test results will be calculated.This process of calculation will hamper the chances of the Jharkhand board students in getting admission to engineering colleges as they score much less than the students of the CBSE and the ICSE board. Saurabh, a student who appeared for the JAC plus II examination this year, said, \"Most of the CBSE and ISCE board students score above 90%, while very few of JAC students manage to score even above 80%. Thus there is much more possibility for the CBSE board to get admitted to engineering in comparison to JAC students.\"Till now, the students who were unable to score well in Plus II examinations but got good results in entrance examination, were able to get seats in the top engineering colleges. But after the results of Plus II being counted for admission, many students will miss the chance. Amit, an intermediate student, said, \"I have been a good student throughout but could not perform well in intermediate and at entrance examination as I was ill. I have been planning to appear for the entrance test next year but now I think that it will be a waste of time as I am sure I will not be selected due to my poor results in intermediate.\"The combined examination will also be a big problem for the students as they will have nowhere to go if they do not score good marks in both Plus II and entrance test. Rakesh, a Class XI student, said, \"I am really worried because if I am unable to score well in Plus II, I will have nowhere left to take admission as all the good colleges will take admissions through this joint test.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680735", "title": "Chief minister lays foundation stone for mining bypass", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday laid the foundation stone for phase I of the Uguem-Capxem mining bypass road at Sanguem, thus setting the stage to fulfill another of his poll promises .Parrikar had assured the people during his campaign meetings before the assembly elections, that the bypass road will be completed within 30 months of the BJP coming to power.Phase one of the project entails construction of an 8.86 km four-lane road from Uguem to Guddemol. Parrikar announced that the work in the mining corridor will be completed in three phases within 20 months. Those whose houses will need to face the axe on account of the project will be rehabilitated to an appropriate place, the chief minister assured.South Goa collector N D Agarwal, deputy collector Sandhya Kamat, Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai and Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral were among the dignitaries who were present on the occasion. Phase II of the mining corridor extends from Guddemol to Capxem jetties, while phase III has been planned to connect the mines of Cavrem, Maina, Rivona, etc, to the main mining corridor. Of the 17-odd kilometres that comprise phase I and phase II, 11km is private land, 4km is forest land and 2km is revenue (government) land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679552", "title": "Transport union strike adds to bandh woes", "text": "BANGALORE: IT companies, schools, vegetable growers, wholesale businessmen and airport commuters might may have to think of alternative means of transport from June1. The All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has announced a strike for an indefinite period in protest against the state government order for fitting speed governors in all classes of commercial vehicles.The Federation of Karnataka Lorry Owners and Agents Association along with maxi cab and luxury cabs' associations across the state will observe the strike after the government refused to drop the order. GR Shanmugappa, AIMTC president, told TOI about 8,50,000 vehicles, including maxi cabs, taxis, vans and trucks will be off the road from Thursday midnight.He slammed the government for taking such decisions which would only cause delay in delivery of goods and have a greater impact on the transport sector. \"We wrote to the government, transport commissioner and all IT/BT companies 21 days ago. The government hasn't give any importance to this issue. There's no space in modern-day engines to fit a speed regulator. It seems that transport officers don't realize this,\" said Shanmugappa.He also took on the government for enforcing this rule on vehicles coming into the state. \"How can vehicles belonging to other states fit speed governors only to ply in Karnataka and again remove it when they cross the border?\" he asked.Regulator order* Supreme Court order of August 18, 2011 states that the state government can go ahead with enforcing speed governors in commercial vehicles under Central Motor Vehicles Act 1989, Rule 118* This includes public transport, contract carriages, maxi cabs, educational institutional vehicles, motor cabs and goods vehicles* Enforcement for older vehicles from June1* For new vehicles, enforcement began from Nov. 2, 2011Governor ruleThe instrument will limit the speed of vehicles to 65kmph. Transport union leaders have pointing out that the speed limit on national highways is 80kmph. Also, the instrument approved by the Automotive Research Association of India is not applicable for all classes of vehicles and all types of engines. That's why the request was also made to design many versions of the governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13679230", "title": "Murder probe leads to arms haul", "text": "Malda: While probing the murder of teacher Obaidullah Sheikh, police have recovered huge cache of arms from Bakharpur under Kaliachak police station. Two youths were arrested in connection with the case.Sheikh was murdered at Sujapur in broad daylight on Tuesday. Cops raided a mango orchard at Bakharpur on Tuesday night and arrested two - Firoz Sheikh and Dulal Kabiraj. While searching their houses, police recovered six 8mm cartridges, 5 country-made guns and a 9mm pistol. They were arrested and produced before a court on Wednesday.Meanwhile, in another joint operation, Kaliachak and Baishnabanagar Police recovered 175 crude bombs and 7 country-made guns. Around 1pm on Wednesday, a joint team of police raided a bamboo orchard at Sultangunj. In order to defuse the bombs, fire brigade and the bomb squads were called in.Complaint was lodged against 25 persons in connection with this arms recovery. It is believed that the bombs were meant to be sold to local miscreants. However, no arrest has so far been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13680641", "title": "Italian marines get bail after Rs 1 crore surety", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday directed that the two Italian navy guards, accused of shooting dead two fishermen off the Kerala coast from aboard the ship Enrica Lexie on February 15 after mistaking them for pirates, be granted bail. The marines, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, have spent more than 90 days behind bars.After the state government submitted that it wasn't opposed to granting bail based on stringent conditions, Justice N K Balakrishnan directed the marines to approach the magistrate court at Kollam, where the trial of the case is pending, and obtain bail upon furnishing the required sureties.Director general of prosecution, T Asaf Ali, submitted to the court that a speedy trial should be ordered in the case. Based on the submission, the judge directed the magistrate court to take steps to ensure a speedy trial.The court directed that each marine should furnish an Indian surety of Rs 1 crore and satisfy several conditions restricting their freedom while out on bail. According to the court's order, the marines should reside within 10km from the office of the Kochi police commissioner and surrender their passports to the magistrate court. The marines have also been asked by the court to report before the police commissioner between 10-11am every day.The court asked the city police commissioner to provide identifiable information about the marines, including photographs, to all airports and ports in the country to prevent their fleeing the country.The court also instructed the jail authorities not to release the marines until the ministry of external affairs endorsed their travel documents. Assistant solicitor general (ASG) P Parameswaran Nair informed the court that the central government can provide visas with limited validity to the marines after making necessary endorsements in their passports for their continued stay in India if released on bail.The ASG submitted to the court that Indian sureties should be insisted upon, because Italian embassy officials who provided sureties could later claim diplomatic immunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679661", "title": "Minimum support price for forest produce from Jan 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could bring the kind of revolution seen in agriculture, the Centre has decided to provide minimum support price (MSP) for forest produce like tendu, bamboo, resin etc - bringing thousands of crores to tribals rather than the middlemen who control the Rs 50,000 crore annual trade today. The scheme, led by the tribal affairs ministry, will be launched on January 1.The large volume trade in forest produce such as tendu, used for bidi making, and bamboo, used for paper, pulp and wood industry besides other things, is largely controlled by industry, government and contractors with tribals extracting the produce getting a pittance. Trade worth hundreds of crores in other forest produce runs largely illegally while still others are run by traders in complete control of the market leaving little for the poor who extract the goods from forest patches.The Centre had in its discussions decided that providing more economic advantage from the lucrative trade to the forest-dwellers would help reduce the alienation in the tribal belt that is also leading to increased support for Left-wing extremism.With Kishore Chandra Deo taking over the tribal affairs ministry, the move to pay a minimum support price to tribals was expedited.The scheme is expected to reap Rs 3,600 crore for tribals across the country with Rs 2,000 crore coming from sale of tendu and bamboo alone. The tribal affairs ministry will set up a Minor Forest Produce Commission along the lines of Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices to decide the support prices and other guidelines.State governments will be asked to amend their rules, such as forest regulations, to bring them in alignment with the FRA and provide the right to tribals to cut and sell minor forest produce. MFP trading facilitation centres will be set up with a nodal department in each state government mandated to fix procurement agencies which will have to work with village councils. State governments will be provided working capital - just as Food Corporation of India does for paddy and wheat - by the Centre to procure forest produce at fixed prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13678492", "title": "Traffic regulations need to be strictly followed: Collector", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Traffic regulations put in place to decongest the town will be strictly implemented was decided in a meeting presided by district collector Mini Antony on Wednesday.Though heavy vehicles were restricted from entering the town limits during peak traffic hours, the rule was not followed.On Tuesday, a tipper lorry broke down near the Nagambadom bridge around 9am. Traffic got stuck for over an hour leaving long queues of vehicles.In the meeting, it was decided to place signboards directing drivers of heavy vehicles about the time restrictions.Those vehicles violating the directions will be seized and it will be recorded in the licence of the driver.For the convenience of heavy vehicles from outside Kerala, parcel agents will be given notice and details about the timing restrictions.Those vehicles arriving during the restricted time should wait outside the town limit and should enter only during the allowed time.A special squad comprising tahsildar, municipal secretary, joint RTO, motor vehicles inspector, assistant executive engineer, PWD roads, assistant executive engineer and others was also formed to abolish footpath trade.This squad will carry out inspection once a week and will confiscate the materials of the vendor and the materials confiscated won't be returned.It was also decided to remove illegal advertisement boards in the town.The premises of Gandhi Statue will be declared as a zone restricted for advertisement boards.Executive engineer, National Highway was assigned for removing the barricades near the statue and executive engineer, KSEB was assigned for removing the electric posts.Private buses will have to follow the routes directed as part of the traffic regulations.The collector also directed deputy collector of land acquisition for finding space for Motor Vehicles Department for parking vehicles seized for violating these rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679124", "title": "Govt likely to sign MoU with GAIL", "text": "PATNA: The state government is likely to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Gas Authority of India Ltd ( GAIL ) for use of the natural gas from Jagdishpur-Haldia gas pipeline for industrial purposes in Bihar, chief secretary Navin Kumar said told a delegation of Bihar Industries Association (BIA) at a high-level meeting of different departments to address to the issues of accelerating industrial development in Bihar.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had earlier constituted a high-level committee, headed by the chief secretary, to look into the issue raised by the BIA in this regard. BIA delegation comprised its president K P S Keshri, vice-president Ram Lal Khetan, secretary general Sanjay Goenka, former president S P Sinha and executive member G P Singh.The government officials said a dry port would be developed at the site of internal container depot at Fatuha in Patna district. Some private parties had suggested creation of dry port at Bihta or Khagaria, but the government rejected the suggestion, said Keshri.The government officials attending the meeting included principal secretary, industries, Alok Kumar Sinha, principal secretary, commercial taxes, Sudhir Kumar, and principal secretary, energy, Ravi Kant. The state government is considering to build an air cargo complex at Gaya airport if it's not possible at Patna airport. The BIA was asked to give a concept note for creation of private industrial areas.The committee also considered BIA's suggestion for a dialogue with the central government for getting power supply from the hydel projects in Nepal, Bhutan, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh. The BIA urged the chief secretary to approach the Central government for increasing Bihar's share in hydel power projects in Bhutan. Currently, hydel power from Bhutan is being supplied to Bihar through a power grid at Muzaffarpur, Keshri said.The BIA delegation was told that its demand for creation of a corpus fund for rehabilitation of sick industries, as provided in the Industrial Incentive Policy, 2011, would be considered. BIA's suggestion for creation of equity fund for new industries was also discussed. The state officials assured creation of integrated check posts at three points on border areas of the state. BIA's demand for reimbursement of entry tax paid after 2006 also figured in the discussion. BIA's demand for giving importance to the thrust areas as declared in the Industrial Incentive Policy in health, hospitality sectors and creation of tourism related industries was also discussed at the meeting. The BIA was asked to give its concept note on opening super speciality hospital in the state, Keshri said.The meeting also discussed BIA's suggestion for making a work plan for creation of regional development corridor between Patna-Ara, Patna-Muzafarpur, Patna-Nalanda, Patna-Gaya, Barh in Patna, Begusarai, Bhagalpur-Purnia-Katihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679935", "title": "Primitive tribe gets first Plus II pass out", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Belonging to Mankidia community, one of the most primitive and backward tribes of Odisha, one can hardly think of higher education. But Baya Mankidia, a 22-year-old person from Damasahi in Mayurbhanj district's Kaptipada sub-division, is the first person from Mankidia tribe to come out with flying colours in Plus-II examination this year.Baya attracted the attention of the President of India Pratibha Singh Patil when he became the first person from his tribe to pass the high school certificate exam in 2010. The President spotted the boy when his success story appeared in the Times of India.Baya was studying in Meghasan College, Nudadiha in Mayurbhanj district. He has passed the exam in second division by securing 318 of the total 600 marks in arts stream. Baya, a father of two, however is interested in continuing his higher studies but finance has become a major problem, he said.\"I want to become a graduate at least but I have to take care and feed my family, which includes two small children and an ailing mother. Though I got several assurances of financial support for higher education , not many came forward in reality,\" he said.Baya had to discontinue his studies when in Class IX after the death of his father. Faced with sudden financial crunch, this tribal youth did not lose hope. He resumed his education after one year. When the Class X results appeared, his joy knew no bounds. When the district administration offered him a job after he passed out the HSC exam, he declined politely and said he would prefer to continue his studies further. \"I want to study more and more and do something for our people,\" he said.\"Baya's success story will definitely encourage other children from the tribe to go for education. Of late, a local voluntary organization has been helping with his education but if he won't get further help, he can not continue his study,\" said Kamalakanta Lenka , a social worker.The Mankidias are a nomadic tribe who live in isolated small bands or groups. They exclusively depend on forest products for their livelihood. Socio-politically they have remained inarticulate and therefore have remained in a relatively more primitive stage, and neglected too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680168", "title": "Cop 'extortion': Teen quizzed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra police on Wednesday called 19-year-old Ronit Kanuga and questioned him about the incident in which six policemen \"extorted\" Rs 3,000 from him for playing loud music on Sunday midnight.The police said they were making enquiries with Ronit to understand the issue. The police have questioned the cops who had visited Ronit's building after receiving a call that he was playing loud music.The police said on Sunday, they received a call about loud music in the area. But they were unable to locate the house and returned. An hour later, another police team landed at Ronit's house and asked him to pay for playing loud music. When the policemen threatened to take him to the police station, Ronit paid them Rs 3,000. The DCP has asked for probe in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13679005", "title": "GSFC's plantation drive nominated for 2 awards", "text": "VADODARA: When the civic body went about chopping banyan trees to make way for development in the city, citizens felt that Vadodara would soon lose its identity. Hundreds of fully-grown banyan trees disappeared from the main roads and not many efforts were made to transplant them.However, state-owned Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals Ltd (GSFC) ensured that the city's legacy not only survives but also flourishes. The premises on the outskirts of the city boast of over 82,000 banyan trees.The PSU not only preserved the city's identity but also improved green cover by planting over 11,700 peepal trees and about 4,300 neem trees in their premises. And, their efforts may well get them some prestigious awards. The district forest department has recommended GSFC's name for two awards that are given in environment category. One of the awards is given by the Centre while the other is given by Gujarat government.\"We have recommended GSFC's name for the Indira Priyadarshini Vriksha Mitra Award for their excellent work in the area of tree plantations. GSFC also has large number of banyan, neem and peepal trees,\" said deputy conservator of forests, M B Patel. According to the forest officials, the award nomination was earlier sent by the name of former GSFC MD H V Patel. But, it has now been sent in the name of GSFC under the institution category.The Indira Priyadarshini award was instituted in memory of late Indira Gandhi , former Prime Minister of India in 1986. The award is given to individuals and institutions that have done pioneering and exemplary work in the field of afforestation and wasteland development. \"We have also nominated GSFC's name for the state government's Van Pandit award. The award is usually given during the Van Mahotsav programmes. GSFC has been growing trees scientifically and contributing to environment protection,\" said assistant conservator of forests (ACF) G A Brahmbhatt.Van Pandit award is given to individuals who have done exceptional contribution in the field of protection of environment and related activities on a long term basis. \"Though, this award is usually given to individuals, it can also be given to institutes,\" Brahmbhatt told TOI.A senior GSFC official said, \"We are happy to know that our company has been nominated for the awards. Our focus is not only on banyan trees but on improving green cover and growing trees scientifically.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680708", "title": "22 more illegal structures razed at Moti Dongor", "text": "MARGAO: Continuing its drive against illegal encroachments on comunidade land at Moti Dongor, Margao, the office of the administrator of comunidades, south zone, demolished 22 more structures on Wednesday. Fourteen structures were earlier razed on May 26, thereby taking the number of illegal structures razed to 36 in just five days.The day-long exercise was closely supervised by the administrator of comunidades, Pravin Barad, and executive magistrate Madhu Narvekar . The exercise was carried out by the demolition squad under heavy police protection. However, no untoward incident was reported and the operation concluded peacefully, official sources informed.Sources said that the order for demolition of the structures was issued a few years ago after serving notices on the violators. However, the demolition exercise had to be stalled several times, allegedly owing to political interference. \"Though it was evident that the encroachments were on the land owned by the comunidade of Aquem, the occupiers claimed it was private land. However, none of them were able to produce any document in support of their claims. We gave them sufficient time to dismantle or raze the structures on their own, before going ahead with the demolition,\" said Salcete SDM Dasharath Redkar.Sources in the district administration informed that a few mores structures were also under the scanner of the authorities. \"Notices have already been issued to the violators and action is expected anytime,\" sources said.Moti Dongor, largely inhabited by slum-dwellers , has always been under the radar of the law enforcing authorities. However, illegalities continued with impunity in this area as it was alleged that Moti Dongor was the vote bank of the former chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat .With the change of guard at the helm of power, the authorities seem to have adopted a no-nonsense approach towards illegalities on the once picturesque hillock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678584", "title": "Grace marks if you collect plastic, corp tells students", "text": "KOCHI: If Kochi Corporation has its way, then the student who collects maximum plastic waste and drops them in bins placed in schools will be entitled to get grace marks in the public examination.The local body has come up with the proposal as part of promoting the campaign - My city My pride, which is to be launched across 54 schools and six colleges on June 4.Briefing about the campaign, T K Asharaf, chairman of the Health Standing Committee said that the corporation would approach the education minister to consider the aspect of providing grace marks to students.The Corporation has also announced the decision to provide cash award of Rs 25,000 to the school which collects maximum plastic waste.These programmes are corporation's efforts to give a push to the Suchitwa Varsham Programme. The campaign will be launched along with school Praveshanothsavam. Students will be encouraged to collect plastic and drop them in the bins placed at schools. The corporation workers will remove these form the premises of educational institutions.\"To encourage students we will give them notebooks as gift. We have also decided to form health clubs in schools, and these students will be given separate uniforms. They will carry out awareness programmes on health and cleanliness. The programme is part of our efforts to convert Kochi into a plastic-free zone,\" said Asharaf.Prior to the announcement of the plan, mayor Tony Chammany convened a meeting with the headmasters and principals of various schools and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679292", "title": "'Strict laws must to curb credit society frauds'", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to curb fraudulent activities in co-operative credit societies, the state government would soon come up with more stringent laws. \"The time has come to enact more stringent laws (to check frauds in credit societies). These white collar frauds should be tackled more seriously and culprits should not be allowed to go scot-free,\" co-operative Minister Harshavardhan Patil said here on Wednesday.The government would make amendments into the current laws with the help of home department to deal with the issue, he said.The minister's statement comes after arrest of Suresh Borole, a relative of opposition leader Eknath Khadse , in a case of alleged misappropriation in Jalgaon-based Tapi Co-operative Credit Society .Patil said 5% of the nearly 21,000 credit societies in the state are in the defaulters' list. \"We are contemplating debarring directors (of scam-tainted societies) to hold the same post in another credit society for a period of six years,\" he said. A committee in this regard, chaired by the commissioner of co-operatives, has been formed he added. .Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13678507", "title": "Underpasses planned by Noida Authority on NH-24", "text": "NOIDA: With the Union highways ministry's proposal to make an elevated road on NH-24 rendering the much-delayed widening of the congested NH-24 unfeasible, the Noida Authority is now mulling over creating two underpasses to decongest the stretch between Noida and Ghaziabad.The Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran has written to NHAI seeking permission to upgrade the two defunct underpasses at Khoda and the junction of Chijarsi village and subsequently open the underpasses for traffic to ensure seamless flow of vehicles at least till a more \"permanent solution is put into place.\"The Authority's request is likely to be taken up by NHAI in its meeting scheduled for next week.However, as per the larger plan to decongest the area, the Noida Authority, the Greater Noida Authority and the Ghaziabad Development Authority are working together to make the entire NH-24 signal-free by constructing seven underpasses along the national highway. The stretch between Noida and Indirapuram in Ghaziabad falls under the jurisdiction of the Noida Authority.Of the total underpasses, the Noida Authority will construct three underpasses on a 6km stretch along the highway that will in turn open towards Khoda colony, NIB Chowk and Model Town chowki. Two of these underpasses will also have cloverleaves. The Authority has now directed all companies that have responded to the EOI to make presentations in this regard following which, a detailed project report will be prepared.Once constructed, the underpasses will provide great relief to commuters coming from Indirapuram, Vaishali and Vasundhara towards Noida. \"The stretch between Lal Kuan and UP Gate along the NH-24 has become a nightmare for commuters. Similarly, in Noida, Model Town, NIB Chowki and Shipra underpass remain clogged with traffic through the day. We wish to ensure that vehicles going to Vaishali, Indirapuram and Vasundhara do not have to use the highway and the underpasses will facilitate just that,\" said a senior official.The Authority has already proposed to developing signal-free junctions between Noida and Dasna in Ghaziabad along the NH-24 and the consultant appointed for this work is currently finalizing the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683485", "title": "Arnie and Stallone growing old together", "text": "Sylvester Stallone has said that he initially saw Arnold Schwarzenegger as competition.65-year-old Stallone recalls old rivalry with the former California Governor, as the two are getting set to renew acquaintances for upcoming thriller 'The Tomb', after working together on 'The Expendables'.\"I think in the beginning we were competitive, there's no question about it, a little alpha territorial,\" the Daily Express quoted Stallone as telling Entertainment Tonight.\"And then we realised it was good for our careers to work together,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679946", "title": "NIA to seek extension of warrants against Headley, Rana and others", "text": "NEW DELHI: With little hope of getting 26/11 accused David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana to India in the near future, the National Investigating Agency will seek further extension of warrants against them in the NIA special court on Thursday.After accepting the NIA chargesheet against Headley, Rana and seven other Pakistani nationals, including Jamaat-ud-Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed, in the case, the court had in March asked the agency to produce Headley and Rana before it on May 31.This will be the second extension sought by the agency and it will certainly not be the last. \"Given the circumstances of the case and the plea bargain between Headley and the US authorities, any attempt to extradite him can be started only after India and US reach some kind of informal agreement on the extradition,\" said an official privy to the developments.This is, perhaps, one of the reasons why no movement has been made to send any request for Headley's extradition to the US -- a process that would involve NIA to prepare a dossier of evidence against Headley making a case for his extradition.Sources said NIA would keep seeking extension of warrants against Headley and Rana and not make any preparations for extradition until there are realistic chances of getting him to India.\"Sending a request at this juncture without any positive assurance from the US will be counter-productive. If the extradition is turned down now, it will make it very difficult to pitch for the same again if at all in future there comes a possibility of the US relenting on the matter,\" said the official.Observers of the case, however, say that itself is a remote possibility given that Headley's plea bargain specifically bars his extradition to India, Pakistan or Denmark. Another case in point is the suspicion that Headley was an agent of US's Drug Enforcement Agency who turned rogue and in such a situation US itself would not like to extradite him to India.\"Even if they agreed eventually, there would be legal complications given the plea bargain,\" said the official.The only faint hope that India has is in the case of Rana, who has pleaded not guilty but been convicted in the Denmark case. For that, India would have to prepare its own dossier of evidence which would again depend on cooperation from US where Rana has been acquitted of charges in the 26/11 case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13682620", "title": "Fresh wave of violence engulfs Karachi, 10 killed", "text": "KARACHI: At least 10 people have been killed in Karachi , indicating no respite in the fresh wave of violence that has engulfed Pakistan's financial hub since last week.Sixteen people including political activists and a senior police official have been killed in the city since Monday, while unidentified gunmen wounded a civil judge yesterday.Police said that 10 people were killed and at least nine others were injured, including four in the posh shopping area of Tariq road, in firing incidents yesterday.The fresh wave of violence started last week and police said in many incidents assailants targeted political activists of different parties.Imran Baig a political activist was shot dead in Shah Faisal colony and the incident sparked chaos and panic in the locality and normal business activity was suspended.Mehdi Raza and Ahmer Raza were killed by unidentified armed assailants in Orangi Town number 10 near Aslam Shaheed Roundabout.Many of the political activists killed since last week belong to the Mutthaida Qaumi Movement and Pakistan People's Party .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13679986", "title": "Seven students injured as auto rear-ends bus", "text": "GURGAON: Seven ClassXII students, all of them girls, and an autorickshaw driver were injured early on Wednesday when the driver rear-ended a bus. The autorickshaw driver and two girls were critical and undergoing treatment at an ICU of a private hospital.According to the police, the accident occurred on the service lane of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway near Raj Nagar around 6:45am on Wednesday.Nine girls from Khandsa village were on their way to the Government Girls Senior Secondary School in Jaikampur in the autorickshaw early in the morning. When the autorickshaw reached near the Raj Nagar cut on the service lane of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, a private bus ahead of it suddenly stopped to deboard a passenger.The driver lost control of the speeding autorickshaw and hit the back of the bus.A police team, after being informed by the passersby, soon reached the spot and rushed the injured to a private hospital. The injured autorickshaw driver has been identified as Ajit Singh .Two other students, who also received minor injuries, were discharged from the hospital after first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679626", "title": "City cops' laxity emboldened killers: CBI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation in one of its most direct attack on local police has held it responsible for the murder of CMO family welfare Dr BP Singh.In the supplementary chargesheet filed on Tuesday, the CBI has categorically stated that the accused got encouragement from local police failure to nab the killers of Dr Arya murder that led to the involvement of same accused in the murder of Dr BP Singh.The fact was even mentioned by the CBI in a communique issued on Tuesday. It stated: \"The investigation of these cases revealed that the motive behind the killing of Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh was due to various issues relating to the alleged expenditure of NRHM funds. The then Dy CMO Dr Sachan (now no more) conspired with others and hired two shooters (Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma) through a contractor (RK Verma).\"The CBI further said: \"The accused got encouraged after Dr VK Arya's murder as the actual killers were not detected by local police at the relevant period and indulged in the second murder. Same weapons have been used by the killers in both murders.\"After the murder of Dr Arya, the special operation group of Lucknow police on December 12 had nabbed two alleged shooters Vijay Dubey and Ajay Misra. The police then quoting Dubey had said that a criminal Sudhakar Pandey, who was at that time lodged in jail, along with Sumit Dixit and Amit Dixit told him that mafia don Abhay Singh had given them a contract of Rs five lakh to eliminate Dr Arya. Sudhakar Pandey, the police said, is an accused in the murder of student leader Vinod Tripathi.Then ADG (law and order) Brij Lal had even announced a reward of Rs 20,000 for the police team, which had cracked the case.However, after the arrest of shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma and contractor RK Verma for their involvement in Dr Singh's murder by the Special Task Force, the police had initiated the proceeding to drop charges against Abhay Singh. The trio arrested on June 17 had allegedly told the STF that they killed Dr Singh at the behest of deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan. Dr Sachan was found dead in Lucknow jail on June 22, 2011. The charges were finally dropped against Abhay Singh by the police.On Tuesday, the CBI absolved Vijay Dubey, one of the alleged shooters in Dr Arya case, of all charges of murder. However, the CBI has named Anand, Vinod and RK Verma as the accused along with Dr Sachan, in the murder of Dr Arya and Dr Singh, coincidently toeing the line of the police. Dr BP Singh was sprayed with bullets near his residence in Gomtinagar on April 2 last year. Dr Arya was also killed in a similar manner on October 27, 2010 in Vikasnagar.The two murders within the gap of six months had led to the resignation of two health ministers, Babu Singh Kushwaha and Anant Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685781", "title": "Mallika basks in Cannes glory", "text": "Among the Indian celebrity women present at Cannes, Mallika Sherawat raised many eyebrows with her attire on the red carpet.She made a splash and got wide acclaim for her looks. Mallika got a thumbsup from her fans for wearing French designer Ali Mahdavi's creation.She even credited the designer with a tweet syaing: \"Wow,red carpet HUGE SUCCESS, landed full page GALA mag,thx Ali Madhavi for the beautiful dress:)\"The actress is thrilled about two things: One, the success of Cannes and two, a good review for her film \"Politics of Love.\"She tweeted a scanned copy of a newspaper clipping with: \"GRET review by LA TIMES for Politics Of Love,wanna share with my tweeple:)\"Mallika is one of the few Bollywood stars who's trying to make a crossover to Hollywood . Besides \"Hiss\" and \"Politics of Love\", the actress has also starred in a Chinese movie \"The Myth\" opposite Jackie Chan. Everytime she goes abroad, she makes it a point to catch up with the star. In fact she did the same during the 65th Cannes International Film Festival too. She tweeted: \"Met my old friend Jackie Chan ,was great to catch up wt him, Will post pics soon:)\"This was Mallika's fourth appearance at the prestigious international event. Interestingly, she was invited by The American Foundation for AIDS Research (AMFAR) this time.The bold actress who's presently busy with her next movie \"Kismet Luv Paisa Dili\", is riding high on Cannes success. An excited Mallika wrote on her Twitter page: \"Cannes was a HUGE SUCCESS,feels great to be back home in India,grateful to ma fans 4 their support:)\"Once back home, it was time for some family bonding . And looks like the Cannes has had a great effect on her fashion sense as she posted a picture of her decked up in a sizzling dress for an outing with her bro! She wrote: \"Getting ready to go out with my bro @vikramsingh.\" And her fans aren't complaining about her style statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679038", "title": "'Occupy' wave hits Trinamool site", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Remember, remember.... the gunpowder treason and plot. I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot.\" Hours after IPL lovers in Kolkata went crazy celebrating V for Victory, Trinamool Congress's website was brought down by the hacktivist group Anonymous, who splashed the party's homepage with the Guy Fawkes mask, immortalized in popular culture by the Hollywood megahit 'V For Vendetta'.The group(s) of hackers have also put up a message to the \"students of India\" to \"speak now or never\" against online censorship. The hacktivists have planned a pan-India non-violent \"Occupy\" movement on June 9, with the Kolkata edition supposed to take place at South City Mall at 4pm.Unlike the recent hacking spree where Congress, Supreme Court and Reliance websites were targeted, this time, Operation India hit the streets, with the hacktivists and supporters maintaining anonymity behind the Guy Fawkes mask. Though the Trinamool website was back on its feet within hours,The Mizoram government's website too faced an identical attack soon after. What's baffling is, though, why the group tagged rock band Led Zeppelin's 'Kashmir' as the background track.The Anonymous appeal \"To the Students of India\" reads: \"You are the future of this nation and hence it is your decision to make at this critical point. You out of all people will understand the oppression of others, rule of Elite, corruption and denial of rights better than anyone. We have come to a time in which we can't even speak freely and even to the point where we are not allowed to think freely... On this June 9 we are calling for everyone to get on the streets, organize protests or join one. Do not wait any longer, because the more you wait the more this system will crush your rights and abilities to correct it. Today they took away your right to use a few websites, tomorrow they will censor the websites like they censor the media so that nothing against them gets reported and day after tomorrow they will take away your freedom of speech and no one will be there to speak for you. Speak Now or Never.\"It's difficult to predict how the government will react to this. Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien, a prolific tweeter, remarked: \"The popularity of the Trinamool Congress website and the party's ever-expanding presence and influence in cyberspace must be giving people sleepless nights... However, on the technical front, we are doing all it takes to further strengthen firewalls. We monitor our site 24x7 so that even the downtime after a hack is minimum.\"But IT guru Prasanto K Roy, the president and chief editor of CyberMedia, had a different take on the matter. He minced no words while stating the obvious: \"I'm on principle against hacking of any website. But the way Sec 66 of the IT Act has been manipulated, especially in the case of the JU professor, has had a larger implication on the nation. The blocking of video and file-sharing sites by ISPs after a court order is an extreme form of invasion/censorship. And now the government has found that it's very easy to block sites. India drawing the attention of groups like Anonymous was inevitable. I'm only worried there could be a draconian government reaction to this online strike.\"Reaction or no reaction, it's time to wake up to the fact that internet cannot be controlled \"absolutely\". A blocked site can be accessed via proxy server, and in case of torrent site Piratebay, no matter how many times it has been taken down, it has made a comeback in ways even Sourav Ganguly couldn't. It is a battle, yes, and one side has to back off. Anonymous has claimed this is a fight of 99% against the 1%. The so-called 99% has the strength, while the 1% has the power. Who will it be, then?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13680985", "title": "One road, different speed limits", "text": "PANCHKULA: At a time when the authorities plan to implement synchronized traffic lights in UT and Panchkula for a smooth traffic movement in the two cities, driving on uniform speed is getting residents challaned on entering Panchkula's territory.Commuters have to check their speed at the housing board chowk, as the uniform speed limit of 65 km per hour on the Chandigarh Madhya Marg is not accepted on the main artery of Panchkula. Though there is no indication on the signage, Panchkula traffic police has been issuing challans. When one takes a right turn from housing board chowk towards Panchkula, the route from sectors 7, 18 chowk till Sector 12 is known as 'Madhya Marg of Panchkula', as it too receives heavy traffic every day.\"I was stopped near sectors 7, 18 route. Cops issued me a challan saying that the speed of my car was 55 km per hour. But there were no signage mentioning the speed limit. As I was driving on UT Madhya Marg, where the speed limit is 65 kilometer per hour, I continued with my speed on 'Panchkula Madhya Marg' too,'' said S K Nayar, a resident of Sector 4, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680754", "title": "Entertainment Society of Goa to host French film festival from June 1", "text": "PANAJI: Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), in collaboration with Alliance Francaise, the French embassy in India and 'Institut Francais en Inde' will organize 'Cinema en Fete' or the French Film Festival in Goa from June 1 to 3.This is the first French film festival that will open in Goa and then move to other places across India.Karine Christophe, deputy director of Alliance Francaise, Panaji said, \"The festival is being held in order to promote French cinema and culture in Goa and to introduce the new generation of French actors and directors to the people.\" The movies to be screened will consist of subtitles to make the experience more enjoyable for Goan viewers.The movie screenings will take place in the evenings from 5pm onwards at Maquinez Palace-Auditorium 1.The festival will see the screening of five internationally acclaimed and award winning new French films. The handpicked movies are Chicken with Plums (Poulet aux prunes) by Marjanne Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud, A Better Life (Une vie meilleure) by Cedric Kahn, Delicacy (La Delicatesse) by David and Stephane Foenkinos, Nobody Else But You (Poupoupidou) by Gerard Hustache-Mathieu (2010) and Poliss (Polisse) by Maiween (2010).The movie Poliss has won the Best Jury Prize at the Cannes film festival 2011, Christophe informed. Entry for the screenings will be free and on first-come-first-served basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680736", "title": "He first stole sympathy, then eyed cash", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime,\" goes the Chinese proverb.Prabhu (name changed), a businessman from Seven Wells did neither - he just gave a bare-chested man two shirts. And the man, who turned out to be a thief, tied the shirts together and used them to climb to the first floor of Prabhu's house to steal.The businessman realised the hard way that being a good Samaritan could land him in trouble, when policemen knocked on his door in the wee hours of Monday. With them was the man whom he had clothed only a few hours ago. Mani, the petty thief, was trying to get to the first floor when a police patrol was passing by, the businessman was told by the police.When the police team caught him, Mani said he was waiting for two hours in front of the house after the owner promised him some food. Since there was no sign of food, he decided to climb and wake up the residents. Prabhu explained the sequence of events to the police.Getting back home at 10pm, Prabhu found the shirtless man on the road. When asked why he was not wearing a shirt, the man said he couldn't afford one. Prabhu said he gave him some money. The man then wanted a shirt. Prabhu gave him two and retired to bed. A couple of hours later, he was woken up by the police team. \"I never offered him food. I thought he had left the place after I gave him the money and clothes,\" police quoted the businessman as saying.Police identified Mani as a small-time offender in the neighbourhood. He was charged with creating a nuisance and put behind bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679464", "title": "BJP council list: 4 new faces, 2 veterans", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP has chosen four fresh faces and retained two existing members for the six seats to the legislative council polls scheduled for June 11.Raghunath Rao Malkapure, B Bhanu Prakash, Somanna Bevinamarad and BJ Puttaswamy are the fresh faces, while the party has retained Vimala Gowda and DS Veeraiah. Of the 11 seats, the BJP is sure to win six seats, while the Congress can win four and JD(S) one seat.While Puttaswamy, who's been suspended from the party after his attempt to contest the Rajya Sabha polls, and D S Veeraiah are said to have the backing of former CM B S Yeddyurappa, Bhanu Prakash, Bevinamarad and Malkapure are Eshwarappa's candidates. Vimala is backed by home minister R Ashoka and Bangalore City MLAs. The names were finalized after taking party loyalty, caste and region into consideration.While Bevinamarad is Haveri BJP district president and hails from the Lingayat community, Bhanu Prakash is vice-president of the party and a Brahmin. The party has chosen Veeraiah to represent the SCs and Vimala from the Vokkaliga community. She is also deputy chairperson in the Upper House . The party has given two tickets to the backward classes. While Malkapure is general secretary of the party and hails from the Kuruba community, Puttaswamy belongs to the Ganiga sect. He was also political secretary to Yeddyurappa. The party revoked Puttaswamy's suspension before announcing his candidature.\"These names have been unanimously finalized by the election committee, and forwarded to the party central election committee,\" Eshwarappa told reporters.The selection turned out to be a tough task as the leaders wanted their candidates in. Yeddyurappa is said to have given a list of four candidates, including MD Lakshminarayana and Thontadarya. Eshwarappa is said to have firmly opposed Puttaswamy's name as he had been suspended for anti-party activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678867", "title": "Activists urge 'each one, reach one' to reduce tobacco-related illnesses", "text": "NAGPUR: From selling wares in paper pouches to beat Supreme Court's ban on sale of plastic pouches to using indirect ways to advertise products, the tobacco industry has always managed to remain a step ahead of the law. So, activists and health professionals believe that only when individuals in society play their part well can there be a real change in the tobacco scenario.Some city activists met on the eve of World Tobacco Day to discuss ways to stop the spread of the tobacco industry. The panellists included dean of Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH) Dr Vinay Hazarey, social activist and environmentalist Vijay Ghugey, BJP leader Ashish Deshmukh, legal luminary Bharti Dangre and vice chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Science Dr Vedprakash Mishra .Dr Mishra said, \"The ratio of new users of tobacco products to those who decide to give up the habit is 1,000:1. This difficult task could be made easier if we adopt the mantra 'each one, reach one'.\"Dr Hazarey added that the most worrying aspect is that children are falling prey to addiction. \"We have seen children as young as four having difficulty in opening their mouth because of constant tobacco chewing. The prominent surrogate advertising on television and newspapers gives children the feeling that it is all right to consume such products,\" he said.Ghugey said, \"There are several provisions of law, but strict implementation is lacking. We all know how effective the prohibition on smoking in public places is.\" He said the only way out is for all individuals to resolve to stop such things from happening around them.Deshmukh said politicians also understood the gravity of the situation. \"With two million deaths caused by tobacco every year in the country and 31% of the population addicted, the issue is of great concern for us. After Madhya Pradesh and Kerala governments banned such products completely, we are also thinking on the same lines,\" he said. He also announced monetary help of Rs 5 lakh to oral cancer patients of GDCH and VSPM Dental College.\"The laws have failed as most of them only prohibit advertisement of the product. Now, however, with the Food Safety and Standards Act recommending a complete ban on production, distribution and sale of these products, things may change soon,\" said advocate Bharti Dangre. She said sensitization of people is more important than legal provisions.\"People have to be made aware that though there is treatment for tobacco-related illnesses , they can be very disfiguring. The worst part is that they affect the entire body, even in the smokeless form,\" said Dr Ramakrishan Shenoi, vice dean of VSPM Dental College", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680386", "title": "Congress levels graft charges on Nitin Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI: Targeting BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , the Congress on Wednesday asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to launch an inquiry into allegations of corruption during the Sena-BJP rule.Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre demanded an inquiry into all toll contracts awarded during the Sena-BJP rule. Gadkari was minister for state of public works department at that time. Thakre alleged that money from toll contractors was used to run RSS offices.Addressing a convention of block presidents of Congress, Thakre suggested that Gadkari received undue personal benefits by awarding such contracts.Chavan, also present at the function, was a more circumspect. \"Nobody is above law. Inquiry will be considered if complaints are received,\" he saidSulking over the legislative council polls defeat, Thakre did not mince words to display the party's resentment against ally NCP. Asking party workers to be prepared to contest the 2014 assembly polls on its own, Thakre said the two parties had struck pre-poll alliance during the last few elections due to compulsions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679527", "title": "BTM Layout residents live in fear", "text": "BANGALORE: The residents of BTM Layout will agree that their area was a safe zone till May 28. But the brutal killing of 20-year-old Divya S in public view has created fear among them.This area has seen tremendous growth in the past five years. A large number of techies working in Electronics City choose to live in PGs in BTM Layout and surrounding areas. \"Techies' unearthly work hours made this area vulnerable to crime,'' said an old-time resident of BTM Layout.\"We always thought it was a safe place. We used to hear about theft cases in the area, but never took it seriously,\" said Abhya Jacob, a call-centre employee. \"We are three girls living in a rented house. After this incident, I really wish there was more police presence in the area,\". It is not safe for girls to be alone on the road even after she said.Dr Narayana Swamy, who runs a medical clinic diagonally opposite to where Divya was hacked to death, says he's still in a state of shock. \"I was in the clinic when I heard people shouting in Tamil to lift her. The cuts were really deep and she had to be rushed to the hospital,\" he recollected.According to this 70-year-old doctor, there are smaller issues in the locality which has a potential of leading to bigger problems. \"There have been several cases of mobile snatching in some of the areas but they were dismissed as isolated incidents. A large number of IT employees walk here late at night. We hardly see police patrolling on this stretch, comprising mostly residential lanes,\" observed the doctor.Residents say the existence of IPS Officers Colony in the locality has been a deterrent to criminals to some extent. But it's restricted only to that stretch. \"If someone asks me whether BTM Layout is a good area to stay or not, I would tell them it's a heaven but they have to be careful ,\" said Raghavan Ram, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13681424", "title": "732 more polling booths in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: When the state goes for the next election, the 10 assembly constituencies falling in Madurai district will have 732 more polling stations.After the fresh count of voters and preparation of an updated voters list, the polling stations have been increased from 2203 to 2935. The number of polling booths has been increased corresponding with the increase in the number of voters in the 10 constituencies, a revenue official said.\"The Election Commission of India has instructed that there should be a polling booth for every 1000 voters in rural areas and 1200 voters in urban areas. Accordingly, we have made the changes and increased the pooling booths,\" said the official.Collector Anshul Mishra, who held a review meeting in this regard had urged representatives of political parties to express their views and objections if any, regarding the polling booths.According to the special summary revised electoral roll - 2012 released in January, Madurai district has seen an addition of 1,34,216 voters from the draft roll published on October 24, 2011. The total number of voters has now increased from 20.56 lakh to 21.9 lakh in the 10 assembly constituencies. Interestingly, women voters outnumber men by a thin margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680802", "title": "Huts in Teynampet, godown catch fire", "text": "CHENNAI: Two fires were reported in the city on Wednesday from Teynampet and Thirumullaivoyal.In the first incident at Teynampet, eight huts were completely gutted when fire broke out in the kitchen of a house in St Thomas road, near Alaiamman temple. The gas cylinder in the kitchen exploded around 11.30am, causing the fire to spread. Fire tenders from T Nagar and Saidapet rushed to the spot and firemen took over an hour to put out the fire.In the second incident, a godown of used tyres at Murugappa Colony in Saraswathi Nagar at Thirumullaivoyal caught fire at 10.30am. The fire, whose cause is not yet known, soon spread to a number of huts in the vicinity. Police said smoke from the fire could be seen beyond Avadi till Anna Nagar. A large pile of used tyres was stacked up in the godown, which was situated close to a residential area.\"A number of children tried to enter the area and we had to stop them,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Avadi) T S Manoharan who supervised the rescue operations. More than five fire tenders from Avadi, Ambattur, Avadi Tank Factory and ICF and 20 firefighters struggled to put out the blaze. No casualties were reported in the fire, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678162", "title": "Surat to be India's first 'Eco City'", "text": "SURAT: The diamond city has taken a step forward to become India's first 'eco city', on the lines of Singapore.After selecting Surat as one of the three cities in the world for a demonstration project for \"eco city\" development, UK-based charity The Ecological Sequestration Trust (TEST) has decided to spend nearly Rs 50 crore over a period of five years to build a sustainable development model that will be more environment-friendly.TEST will begin working with its local partner South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGby July 1.The funds will be used in setting up a pilot project of green buildings with reduced heat and minimized water use, an intelligent transport system, a system to periodically forecast traffic and weather at different spots on cellphones through global positioning system, road mapping to suggest better routes for travel by own vehicles, setting up prototypes of recycling of used water and setting up efficient transport system that reduces road requirements by half.Peter Head, head of TEST said, \"Surat can be the next Singapore in terms of ecology and water management systems.\"TEST which has joined hands with a leading consultancy firm TARU will start the planning for creation of ecologically sustainable mega city by July 1 after working out contractual agreements with local climate change trust and the city advisory board.The prototype of eco city focuses on three core sectors - water, energy and food security. These will be worked upon by integrating land use plan with issues of water supply, sanitation, sewerage and transportation in the master plan scheduled to be out by 2013.GM Bhat of TARU said, \"We want intelligent transport system in the city. This will club in public transport and para transit like rickshaws and other modes of travel. If a commuter can have all the information of his destination before leaving, he will not use private transport.\"The target is to see that at least 75% population switches on to public transport in five years.TEST will set up eco-social cartography centre and chalk out land availability and business plan for the Surat Municipal Corporation in such way that it gets quality data for developing the model.Local industries in Hazira will also be taken help of in this planSurat Urban Development Authority's (SUDA) senior town planner SK Datta said, \"The integration of sanitation, sewerage and other amenities along with land use in the master plan 2013 will change the face of Surat city dramatically.\"SMC has set a target of reducing its carbon emission from 3.71 tonne per capita by 35% in three years.Green House Effect* Reduction in urban city temperatures by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius.* Open spaces to produce lot of food especially vegetables* Reduction in travel time and cost through intelligent transport system .* Lower energy cost by generating energy from the waste.* Buildings with green top technology* Reduction in water use* Recycling of water", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685826", "title": "Is Poonam Pandey, the new face of Lokpal Bill struggle?", "text": "Seems like Poonam Pandey is going to be the new face of Lokpal Bill struggle.According to the strip queen , the popularity of actor Poonam Pandey has scaled new heights, with Ramon Magsaysay Award Winner Kiran Bedi forwarding an invitation to the Mumbai gal to be part of Team Anna's campaign.Team Anna has been fighting for a strong Lokpal Bill for over a year, but in the last couple of months the campaign has witnessed a dip in its zest. An attempt to revive the campaign has been initiated by Kiran Bedia, and including Poonam Pandey could just be that shot in the arm that Team Anna needs to take the fight to the government's doorstep.In less than 10 months, the leggy lass has managed to garner over 2 lakh followers on Twitter. Her tweets and comments have consistently kept her in the top 10 trends on Google and on social networking sites. Apparently, Poonam wants to buck the nudity trend, and is positioning herself as an emerging youth icon of the country and claims her presence on the dias with Team Anna will attract the youth of the country to the cause.The Ramon Magsaysay Award Winner said, \"We have no complaints,\" about Bollywood stars who have large number of fan following joining their crusade. These celebrities would be welcome to support Team Anna against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679081", "title": "Five more held in NRHM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the arrest of senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla, the CBI on Wednesday arrested five others including then managing director of UP Processing &amp; Construction Cooperative Federation Ltd (PACFED) V K Chaudhary and filed another charge-sheet in the NRHM scam.In the fresh chargesheet, then DG family welfare of UP S P Ram was named along with Saurabh Jain (a businessman and close associate of former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha).Chowdhary, who is currently MD of UP State Warehousing Corporation, was arrested by the agency along with superintending engineer A K Srivastava, chief engineer M M Tripathi and Vipul Gupta, all of PACFED, and the proprietor of Gajraula-based CNC Metal Forging Company Sunil Kumar Singhal. Meanwhile, CBI sources in Delhi said there would be some more FIRs in the NRHM scam in a few days.The five have been arrested in the same FIR in which senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla and S P Ram have been arrested. While all the PACFED employees and Chowdhary were arrested in Lucknow after they were summoned by the CBI for questioning, Singhal was arrested in New Delhi, where he was also summoned for questioning on Wednesday.The FIR relates to upgradation of 89 district level hospitals involving an amount of Rs 89 crore. On the basis of the payments made so far, as per the CBI's preliminary enquiry, a loss of Rs 5.89 crore had been caused to the government exchequer. With this, the total number of arrests made in Rs 5,700 crore NRHM funds scam, two murders and the death of a deputy CMO has now reached 21.This particular case was registered against Pradeep Shukla, S P Ram, Chowdhary, several engineers of PACFED, three directors of a Moradabad-based private firm and Singhal. \"It was alleged that directors of three Moradabad-based private firms and Sunil Kumar Singhal entered into a criminal conspiracy with Pradeep Shukla, then principal secretary of health and family welfare, Ram and others with the illegal object to obtain the contract related to up gradation of 89 districts level hospitals of Uttar Pradesh for Rs 89 crore on the basis of false and bogus documents and by taking undue favors from the public servants in lieu of monetary considerations. A loss to the extent of Rs 25 lakh per hospital was caused to the government,\" the CBI charge-sheet said.\"It was established during investigation that officials of PACFED in connivance with private persons favoured the ineligible and sick beneficiary firm belonging to the accused and released payment of Rs 16.93 crore to the beneficiary firm without any receipt of material or services on the basis of false and forged documents. Out of this, an amount of more than Rs 13 crore (approx) was cornered by accused director of Moradabad-based firm which was used to pay alleged bribes to public servants and also invested in various firms/companies,\" it added.On the arrest of Singhal, sources said he was arrested as his company CNC Metal Forging Company, which is also said to be the front company of businessman Saurabh Jain, was one of the beneficiaries in the 89 district level hospital upgradation scam.Jain is stated to be a close aide of former cabinet minister Babu Singh Kushwaha , who is lodged in Dasna jail along with the senior IAS officer in a case related to NRHM scam. Kushwaha was arrested on March 3, the last day of UP assembly polling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679207", "title": "Sunderbans to get a joint check-post", "text": "KOLKATA: Ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's possible meeting with Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata, the ministry of home affairs has asked the Bengal government to set up an integrated check-post (ICP) in the Sunderbans. State officials have already been asked to implement the project. They are reading the MHA's diktat as a message to Mamata to enhance ties with Bangladesh, following the \"disagreement\" over Teesta water sharing.Responding to the chief minister's plea, the Bangladesh government had sent tons of hilsa to West Bengal last week. It is clear that Mamata, too, is keen on maintaining good relations with the neighbour.The project at Namkhana in North 24-Parganas is going to be the second such check post along the state's porous borders with Bangladesh. Just before the Prime Minister's visit to Bangladesh last year, Union home minister P Chidambaram had laid the foundation stone for the state's first ICP at Petrapole in North 24-Parganas. The Centre will bear the cost of both the ICPs which would be modelled on check-posts at airports.It would take about two years to build the check-posts with features like warehouse, immigration centres and modern rest rooms - to ensure smooth movement of people and commodities between the two countries. These will also reduce chances of illegal immigration and pilferage.But the government must take care so as not to create any kind of \"imbalance\" in the Sunderbans while implementing the project, wrote Rakesh Singh , joint secretary (police), MHA.Bangladesh expert Jayanta Roy said, \"The news comes as a huge surprise - especially since the first ICP is yet to come up. I guess setting up one in the Sunderbans is a challenge because of the difficult terrain.\" Roy added, \"However, we do welcome the move, but one must relate the project to the holistic development of Sundarbans where the environment is suffering from consistent degradation.\"Delhi's message to Writers' Buildings is clear: check-posts like these would help strengthen ties between India and Bangladesh and augment trade. Similarly, the message would go down well with the Awami League government after the Teesta water sharing bid fell through, thanks to Mamata's opposition. Attempts by Delhi to convince the CM have drawn little response since Mamata is not making her stand clear on the river pact.At this juncture, preparations for the ICP would certainly be seen as Delhi's intentions.The UPA government plans to build 12 ICPs along the international borders. Seven of these will be along the Indo-Bangla border. The Land Port Authority of India , a statutory body, would manage these posts which are very essential for passengers and goods traffic. But India hardly has the infrastructure to support goods traffic worth about Rs 10,000 crore. In the years ahead, it will multiply to anything between Rs 20,000 crore and Rs 50,000 crore, officials said.Under the ICP, there will be cargo building, passenger terminal building, cargo inspection shed, quarantine laboratory, warehouse, cold storages, isolation bay, clearing agent, banks, parking facilities, cafeteria and internet facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679624", "title": "Will Neeraj Bora be lucky this time?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress, on Wednesday, declared the first list of candidates for Mayoral elections due on June 24, thus putting a stop to the guessing game which was on. Neeraj Bora has been declared the candidate from Lucknow. Bora, who is a physician by profession, has twice contested elections from Lucknow.He contested from Lucknow North seat in the 2012 assembly elections but lost to Samajwadi Party's Abhishek Mishra by a margin of about 2,000 votes. In her earlier stint in poll arena, as a BSP candidate in 2007, he had lost to Lalji Tandon in Lucknow West constituency. His connection with politics dates back to the time of his father, DP Bora, who was a Congress MLA himself. Neeraj Bora heads the traders' wing of the UPCC.While making the announcements of the names of the candidates for mayoral seats, UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi also declared candidates for two other seats, Gorakhpur and Jhansi. The election committee meeting of the party, on Wednesday, decided upon candidature of Surhita Karim from Gorakhpur and is Nirmala Bilatia from Jhansi.Joshi said that names of candidates for the remaining seats will be declared by the party headquarters. After both the SP and the BSP deciding to not allow their party workers use party symbols for local elections, it's only the fight between the Congress and the BJP in the urban bodies' polls which is worth watching.While Congress has declared its candidate for Lucknow mayoral seat, BJP might field former Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma as its candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13678898", "title": "Kolkata seizes IPL glory to beat gloom", "text": "KOLKATA: Has the IPL triumph given Kolkata a new icon and renewed zeal to chase bigger victories? Or, did we go overboard celebrating a club win that perhaps won't be remembered for long?Kolkatans were split in their opinion about the delirious celebrations on Tuesday. But they were quite unanimous in the feeling that the city now looks upon Shah Rukh Khan as one of its own.It's not often that Kolkata emerges on top in any national event, pointed out psychologist Dola Majumdar. \"Naturally, Kolkatans were eager to make sure that the victory was duly celebrated. Shah Rukh Khan's presence converted the celebration into a hysteria. You had India's biggest star asking you to savour our city's success. Sourav Ganguly may not have been there but SRK made sure that he wasn't missed. People needed an icon to serve as the icing on the cake and Shah Rukh provided just that. Things were meant to go overboard for this part of the country has little to cheer about,\" she said.The jamboree was Kolkata's way of trying to get over the all-round gloom that prevails in the state, argued psychiatrist Gautam Ghosh.\"We have been falling short of our own expectations far too often, especially in sport. No one follows local football keenly any more. In cricket, we have rarely triumphed. So, an IPL win was a nice way of asserting our supremacy in a field in which we have never dominated. The fact that we had SRK leading the charge from outside the field gave us a sense of getting even with the rest of the country. This hysteria might translate into some positive energy,\" Ghosh said.The mass hysteria seen all along the victory march and at Eden Garden where the team members shook a leg with SRK in the presence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee was worrying, feels fellow psychologist Indrani Datta.It was not just a cricket victory that was cheered, she pointed out. \"What we witnessed on Tuesday was a collective release of pent-up frustration and a zeal to observe whatever success comes our way. The IPL win may not have been reason enough to dance on the streets the way people did. But the heady cocktail of SRK and the Kolkata brand was enough to make people hysterical. After all, we have lost our biggest cricket icon to another team, and we have little else to cheer about. While the celebration was fine, the hysteria can't be justified,\" said Datta.Former cricketer Devang Gandhi differed. An IPL victory was awaited for the last five years and the win was obviously going to be greeted with cheer, Gandhi said.\"It had been anticipated since 2008. With a star like Shah Rukh Khan leading the KKR pack, celebrations were obviously going to be colourful. Kolkata is a city of intense, emotional people. We take defeats to our hearts and believe in celebrating wins heartily. This is what we saw on Tuesday. But yes, it should have been a little more disciplined,\" he added.Gandhi, however, agreed that the wild scenes were also a reflection of the fact that Kolkata is starved of victories.With the state government throwing the party, the celebrations were going to defy logic, argued academic Amal Mukhopadhyay. \"It had little to do with cricket. People swarmed the streets to see Shah Rukh Khan dance with the team. While there was nothing wrong with that, I failed to explain why the state government organized a bash to observe the victory. It was shamelful if it looked to extract political mileage out of a privately-owned team's success,\" said Mukhopadhyay.But most agreed that the victory has placed SRK - and Gautam Gambhir - in every Kolkatan's heart.\"He has always been a big star. This victory has now got him associated with Bengal, cricket and Kolkata which makes SRK even dearer in this part of the country. He is now a cricket icon as well,\" said Ghosh. Most were ready to overlook the fact that few local boys wore the purple jersey in Chennai last Sunday. What mattered was the team that the city had been rooting for had finally triumphed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13678733", "title": "Rebellion brews against Narendra Modi; Keshubhai calls CM a despot, plans third front", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: There is some serious political trouble brewing at home for Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi even as he emerges nationally as the BJP's 'super boss' with unabashed prime ministerial ambitions.On Wednesday, Modi's predecessor Keshubhai Patel clearly emerged as a rallying point for known Modi baiters in Gujarat who empathise with Sanjay Joshi, the latest victim of Modi's bullying tactics at the national executive meeting in Mumbai last week.In a clear show of defiance, Patel hosted a three-hour meeting of dissident leaders at his residence here where dissidents noted with anguish and anger the manner in which Modi not only got Joshi, a former state organisation secretary, thrown out of the BJP national executive, but also prevented him from travelling by train through Gujarat.On both occasions, they felt, the BJP president Nitin Gadkari should not have succumbed to Modi's blackmail or allowed him to hijack the party, ahead of the Gujarat assembly elections due in December this year. Keshubhai, who again described Modi as a 'dictator', set the tone of the discussion by stating that \"the state of mini-emergency in Gujarat is now being extended to the national level.\" \"Crushing dissent is not the culture of BJP or the Sangh Parivar, we don't want such despotic leadership,\" he thundered.Some rebels also discussed rampant phone-tapping by the state machinery. The presence at Wednesday's meeting of expelled BJP leader and former home minister Gordhan Zadaphia, who now heads the Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP), was significant and clearly showed that these dormant leaders were ready to run the risk of violating party discipline by openly hobnobbing with him.Heavyweight invitees to the meeting included former chief minister Suresh Mehta, former Union ministers Kashiram Rana and A K Patel, RSS stalwart Bhaskarrao Damle and several other known Modi baiters. Though not present, Pravin Togadia, VHP's general secretary, is also said to have thrown his lot with the rebels.For the record, Suresh Mehta came out briefly from the meeting to tell waiting newsmen that they discussed the deteriorating law and order situation in Gujarat. \"We will create public opinion against the Modi government and write to the Election Commission about his foul tactics for the next assembly elections,\" he said.Rebels' action planThe mega-rally of Patel leaders at Dholka on June 2, where Congress and BJP leaders will share the dais, would serve as a show of strength of anti-Modi forces. BJP dissidents will again rally together at the Adivasi Adhikar Garjana Sammelan to be held on June 4 at Ranjitnagar in Ghoghabha taluka of Panchmahal district.All leaders who had gathered at Gandhinagar on Wednesday at Keshubhai Patel's residence are expected to attend the rally. The meet has been organised by tribal leaders of the region, but is being coordinated by the MJP. Dissidents also decided to celebrate Keshubhai's birthday on July 24 in style and in the presence of Joshi who will be a special invitee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13680178", "title": "Soon, you can check exact details of your land", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Days are not far away when anyone wanting to buy land for non-agricultural use in any part of Gujarat will be able to see exact details of the size of the plot sought to be bought, its owner, the neighbouring plots and their owners, and other necessary details, like the area, the type of ownership like whether the plot belongs to a farmer who became the owner during the land reforms day.An official note issued on Wednesday said, the Gujarat government has \"completed\" the ground-level survey in 2,742 villages out of a total of 18,000 in Gujarat to put minutest of details online. \"Currently, the survey is on in 10 state districts, while another 12 districts will be taken up soon,\" said principal secretary, revenue, CL Meena, adding, \"The current survey is more accurate than before. Geographical information system GIS-ready digitized village maps, taluka maps and district maps are created, integrating new record of rights data.\"In order to expedite the survey process, the state government issued a manual on Wednesday of the method to be adopted to clarify confusion on several counts with officials. The manual clarifies that the survey is not exclusive of Gujarat but is part of the National Land Records Modernization Programme .After the resurvey is over, each farmer will get the record of right or land title, along with the type of tenure. It would indicate whether the land ownership was handed over to the farmer during the land reforms day or whether it is freely saleable. \"It would be an exact measurement, based on geographical information systemThe map each farmer will get will contain not just his farm's exact area, but also of the neighbouring plots,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679119", "title": "Govt eyes new-age nuclear tech to treat waste water", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government may consider a new technology of using nuclear radiation for waste water treatment. The government officials will also attend a national-level conference in June where Bhaba Atomic Research Centre (BARC) is scheduled to make a detailed presentation on the technology. The decision was taken after the government received a letter from the Planning Commission informing them about the conference.Following a letter from the Planning Commission, the state government wants to consider a new technology to use nuclear radiation for waste water treatment. The government will attend a national level conference in June where Bhaba Atomic Research Centre will make a detailed presentation on the technology.The Planning Commission had recently informed that a conference will be held in June where Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) will present how nuclear radiation can treat sewer water.\"West Bengal will participate in this conference in June end. It's a new technology. Gujarat and Delhi are already considering using the model,\" said state urban development secretary Debashis Sen.The use of nuclear radiation to treat waste is a widely-discussed topic worldwide. now being widely discussed around the world.A few international symposiums on the issue have also been held in various European countries. \"The sludge that settles below the waste or sewer water is collected by civic authorities and disposed at waste dumping grounds. But bacteria in sludge results in air and soil pollution, causing serious health hazards. Using radiation to treat waste water will effectively destroy the entire sludge material,\" an official said. It has to be seen how the technology can be used in the existing sewerage treatment plants.There is a high proportion of environmental pollution in the city, particularly affecting areas rich in natural resources like the east Kolkata wetlands. Sludge collected from untreated sewer water is full of bacteria. Thus, this can harm the ecosystem of any area it is dumped in.The technology of using nuclear radiation could be effectively used in urban areas where fresh water is supplied. However, officials said that it has to be seen whether the technology can be widely used in all urban areas with a huge population. This is because nuclear radiation can prove to be very harmful if safety nets are not in place. could be very hazardous if safety nets are not in place.Experts have already experimented with the current technology, the radio sensitivity of microorganisms and the technological and economic aspects of using radiation technology for treatment of waste., both solid and liquid.The radiation technology used will differ according to the type of effluent waste with respect to aspects like dosage, and cost effectiveness and other aspects. Use of radiation in recycling particular kinds of scrap material is already an industrial process in some countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13678826", "title": "Criminal Investigation Department to probe tiger poaching cases: Patangrao Kadam", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: State forest minister Patangrao Kadam ordered of CID inquiry into two recent incidents of tiger poaching, while declaring adoption of uniform tiger protection strategy for tiger bearing areas in Chandrapur. He visited tiger poaching site near Gondmohadi and held joint meeting of forest, police and MSEDCL officials in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve on Wednesday.Several crucial decisions to strengthen protection and conservation of tigers in protected and non-protected forest areas in Chandrapur were taken in the meeting. \"I have ordered a CID inquiry into Gondmohadi and Borda tiger poaching and asked the agency to give its status report in the next three months. Gondmohadi tiger poaching involves interstate poaching gangs. We have got some clues in Boarda tiger poaching case and investigators are working on it,\" said Kadam, interacting with reporters at the district collector's office.Forest minister informed that there have been six deaths of tiger and one other tiger was seriously injured in Chandrapur since January. \"Off these one tiger in Jharan forest, two in Gondmohadi and one in Borda forest were poached,\" he said.Kadam said that the forest ministry has released secret funds to the department to raise intelligence network, on the lines of police department. \"In light of poaching by electrocution, we have decided that the entire 350km electricity supply lines passing through forests in Chandrapur will be converted into underground cabling at the cost of Rs 72 crore. Similarly, all new supply lines passing through forest areas henceforth will also of underground type,\" he said.The minister also declared adopting uniform tiger protection strategy for tiger bearing areas in Chandrapur. \"The existing 34 forest beats in TATR will be restructured to form 85 beats to enhance protection. We are providing 10 jeeps, 25 motorbikes and a large number of bicycles to the staffers for patrolling. Van patils, on the lines of police patils, will be recruited in villages falling in jungle areas. The number of water holes in buffer area will be increased, while each waterhole is being monitored by two staffers during day and night,\" he said.Kadam also said that additional fire arms are being provided to forest staffers in core and buffer area of TATR. He said that funds have been provided to the forest department for procurement of more metal detectors and GPS units to strengthen tiger protection. \"We have also decided to form Special Tiger Protection Force and 112 posts for this force has been approved. Similarly, department has lifted the ban on new recruitment and approved 1,250 new posts for the department,\" he said.He claimed that management of TATR is being restructured for better protection and conservation of wildlife. \"Core and buffer area of Tadoba would be now under separate DCFs headed by CCF and field director of TATR. As 1,100 sq km of buffer area, comprising maximum part of Chandrapur forest division, has been fully handed over to TATR, a new forest division clubbing remaining forest area of Chandrapur division and some part of Bramhapuri division will be formed,\" he said. Government has also decided to raise the compensation against human death in wildlife attack from the existing Rs 2 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. He said that forest department has regularized 6,500 van majoors (forest labourers) in the state and they would be soon given uniforms.Replying to a query, he said that the red-alert related to threat from interstate poacher gangs will continue for some time. \"PCCF (wildlife) would take regular review of the protection and decide over continuation of the alert,\" he said. On the high number of forest fires in TATR this year, he held that majority of fires in Tadoba were intentional human mischief and offences in this regard have been registered.Replying to a question on the rising number of resorts around TATR, Kadam said, \"A committee for buffer management has been formed a year back. This committee would decide over go and no-go areas in buffer zone. Resort will be allowed in specified areas to ensure that wildlife have minimum disturbance,\" he said.Kadam was accompanied by MLA Jaikumar Bode, PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi, PCCF (Head of Forest Force) AK Joshi, APCCF (wildlife) AK Saxena, APCCF Anmol Kumar, TATR CCF Virendra Tiwari, Chandrapur CCF BSK Reddy, district collector Vijay Waghmare and other officers.Thackeray visits poaching sites", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679200", "title": "Finally, daily Duronto express to Mumbai by June-end", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, the long wait of passengers for a daily non-stop train between Nagpur and Mumbai is over. The Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express will be converted into a daily train by June-end.The train was announced in 2009 railway budget but it used to operate thrice a week. Looking into its popularity and full occupancy, last year, the train's frequency was increased from triweekly to daily.However, the train could not run daily as rake was not available. When the rake was made available, non-availability of a power car was a hurdle.\"Now all the hurdles have been removed as entire rake with a power car has arrived in Mumbai. We need some time as the coaches require vinyl-wrapping to give it a Duronto look. Besides, we also need to test the gear and make arrangements for linen. It will maximum take a month,\" said Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager (DRM) of Nagpur Central Railway.In an informal chat with newsmen on Wednesday, Dixit said a daily Duronto would mean decrease in waiting list of passengers travelling to Mumbai in other premium trains like Vidarbha and Sevagram.Duronto has a composition of 17 coaches including 2 AC-II tiers, 3 AC-III tiers, 10 sleeper class and 2 SLRs. Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Mukul Kumar, senior divisional mechanical engineer (SrDME) RK Dwivedi and senior divisional engineer (coordination) Sanjay Khare were present.Dixit said Nagpur will soon be a 'Clean Train Station' under the scheme launched by the Indian Railways. The scheme would benefit five long distance trains viz. Nizamuddin-Bilaspur Gondwana Express, Howrah-LTT Shalimar Express, Howrah-Mumbai Mail, Ahmedabad-Puri and Jodhpur-Puri Express.\"We will standardize the cleaning of trains with the help of mechanized cleaning,\" Dixit stressed. Nagpur will be the second station in the division after Ballarshah to be clean train station, he added.In another move to benefit passengers, the Central Railway has roped in 12 NGOs who have donated water coolers at a dozen stations. The stations include Nagpur, Multai, Pulgaon, Pandhurna, Baitul, Ghodadongri, Kalmeshwar and others. These coolers will be maintained by the railway.When asked about escalators, Dixit said two escalators - one each at east and west side of the Nagpur station will be installed. Work to install one at the Itarsi end of the station is in process.On the redevelopment of the station, Dixit informed that length of platform number 4, 5 and 7 will be increased to accommodate 24-coach trains. \"However, the project cannot be taken up due to Ram Jhula ROB work,\" he said.The mechanized laundry at Ajni is on the right track. \"Tenders have been floated and work orders will be issued in July. It will take around 6 months to make the laundry operational,\" SrDME Dwivedi revealed.To a query, Senior DCM Mukul Kumar said there are no plans to withdraw token system of booking tickets. \"It was introduced to stop manipulations. Doing away with token system would mean inviting troubles,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679196", "title": "High college cut-offs trigger exodus for foreign degrees", "text": "KOLKATA: Earlier, students would head for foreign shores for higher studies after completing their graduation. Nowadays, they are moving out for graduation.Hundreds are making a beeline for a bachelor's degree in universities abroad.Raisa Mondal, 18, a student of La Martiniere for Girls, is off to the London College of Fashion . \"I will decide on the branch of fashion only after the first year, which is a foundation course,\" said Raisa.Vishal Dhanuka plans to pursue an undergraduate course in computer science from the US. \"After my US trip last year, I made up my mind to study there. I fell in love with the surroundings and their way of living,\" he said.Those in the know say that there are several reasons for this migration. Foreign universities offer some courses that are rare in India. Second, getting admission to good colleges in India is getting increasingly difficult. Finally, with incomes going up, parents are encouraging children to explore new fields and receive greater exposure to prepare them for the times ahead.\"Getting admission to good Indian colleges is becoming very difficult. Last year, Delhi University announced a 100% cut-off. With such high cut-off marks, it gets impossible to secure a seat. Like me, many of my friends are planning to study abroad,\" said Anahita Sahni, who wishes to study management in Singapore .Colleges abroad offer scholarships and fee waivers to attract Indian students. Besides, they offer a fascinating array of courses to choose from. One can pursue finance, medicine, criminology, engineering, ocean sciences, geology and still manage to study music or Spanish. Interestingly, even if somebody has not studied mathematics or science in school, he or she can take it up as a subject at the undergraduate level (though not major).No wonder, several students are now trying to take advantage of this flexibility. Take the case of Surya Roy who will study graphic designing and book keeping and accountancy at the same time. \"Degrees offered abroad provide flexibility unlike in India where students have to restrict themselves to a particular branch of study for three or four years in college,\" said Clare Tham, assistant manager at Global Reach.But, deciding to graduate abroad is only part of the job done. Students need to decide whether they wish to apply for jobs after graduation or go in for higher studies. For instance, a graduate medical degree from China or Russia may not be accepted directly in India but will help somebody who wishes to go in for research abroad.Cost is also a factor. Global education counsellors feel that at times, completing a course abroad may actually be cheaper than getting a degree from an Indian private college. This is one reason why many students prefer to complete their MBBS from China or Russia.After selecting the course, candidates need to do some comparative study between colleges. They should also visit the college website and find out about the faculty, course structure and infrastructure.Another thing that has to be kept in mind while selecting a course is whether it is recognised in India, particularly if the student plans to return home. At times, graduates returning home have to clear an examination in India to get accreditation. Hence it is necessary to look carefully before taking the final plunge.It is also essential to keep a back-up option as there is no guarantee that a student will get admission to the college or university that was the first choice. The trick is to apply to several universities. \"You need to apply to colleges smartly as it is not very easy to get a seat for a popular course at a reputable institute,\" said Sarbani Sen, assistant branch manager, The Chopras, an education counsellor.Sarbani feels that as soon as a student decides to study abroad, he or she should start with the application process. \"It's a long-drawn process that is time consuming. The earlier one starts, the better it is,\" she says.To help students and guide them with the entire application process, there is a host of education counsellors like The Chopras, Ed Wise and Global Reach. Counsellors feel that the process should ideally start when the student is still in Class XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13678656", "title": "Lingering memories of a dreadful tragedy", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Memories never die. The images of the tragedy that struck on June 2, 1987 still give sleepless nights to Reji Thomas and Shankar Mahadevan .The Teekoy tragedy grabbed headlines a quarter century ago not only because the four youngsters who lost their lives in a flash flood at a waterfall in an estate there belonged to well known families in central Travancore, but also because those who had died that day had made their mark in their respective fields.There were seven of them in the picnic trip: three of them - Shankar, Reji and P M Thomas - survived.Now, the script work for a film being made on that story is progressing. The script is based on the book 'Orammayude Ormakal, written by Rachel Thomas, the mother of one of the youths who had lost his life. She was the chief editor of Manorajyam weekly then.George Thomas (Jr) or Viju (28), who was the director of Manorajyam group of publications, Tomy Abraham (28) of Prakkatt family in Kottayam, Roy 30, a planter from Vellookunnel family in Kanjirappally, and Rajan M I (29) of Kaniyamkulam family in Kottayam were those who had died in the mishap. \"Viju's son Unnikuttan was one-year-old then. He is now in the US. Tomy's wife was six-months pregnant. Now they are settled in Bangalore. Roy was married to Tomy's sister and they had two kids. Rajan was a bachelor,\" said Reji, one of the three who had survived. P M Thomas of Podipara family is now a rubber dealer based in Kochi.They had a western music band called 'Violet Haze', which had staged concerts across the state from the late 70s. Tomy was the lead vocalist and George Thomas and Rajan were the guitarists. The band appears in the Malayalam film Chamaram (1980) in a song sequence just before the climax scene.Reji, who owns a textile shop in Kottayam, said they had, that day, initially planned a trip to Wagamon. \"We planned the trip sitting at the Pallathara restaurant in Kodimatha,\" said Reji. Shankar intervened, reminding Reji that June 2 was a holiday in Kottayam. \"There was a byelection in Kottayam on that day,\" Shankar said.On that fateful day, the seven friends headed to Kanjirappally in two Maruti 800 cars (that belonged to George and Tomy) to Roy's house. \"Tomy's mother had tried to stop us from going, telling us it was raining,\" Reji said. But we went ahead after a brief stop in front of the Manarcadu church, said Shankar.\"We picked up Roy from his house. His wife packed food for us,\" Reji said. By then it was 2pm and the group changed its plans, and headed to the water falls in an estate in Teekoy instead of going to Wagamon.\"At the falls, we ate food, and went into the water. Shankar, who was not feeling well kept watch over the belongings of others,\" Reji said. \"The weather changed all of a sudden. It started to drizzle. Around 3.20pm, we decided to get back to the estate jeep by which we had reached the falls. But as we were wading back, the water level started rising and kept going up very fast. We tried to stand together holding firmly onto a rock. We were screaming and some were praying,\" said Reji.\"It was Rajan who went down first... The gushing water forced him down into the stream; George and Tomy followed. Thommachan also fell into the water, but he managed to swim to safety. Roy and I tried to escape from the gushing water by holding onto a rock, but Roy lost his grip and fell into the stream. I was looking out for a way to get to the land and Shankar gave me moral support,\" Reji said.Meanwhile, Thomas who had swam to safety, took the estate jeep and alerted the workers. He also went to the Erattupetta police station and alerted the Fire Force. When he returned to the accident spot, he saw a crowd under Erattupetta Bridge. It was George Thomas's body. Thomas took the body to the estate hospital.The estate workers saved Reji. The bodies of Rajan and Roy were fished out in the evening. They got Tomy's body only the next day. \"Roy's body was stuck in a hole below a rock on which I had clung on for a long time. His body was found with his arm stretched out, as if reaching out to some lifeline,\" said Reji. \"Last week when I was talking to Anita, Roy's wife, she told me: \"Royichan could have been saved had Reji known he was stretching his hand for a lifeline,\" said Reji.Kottayam: Memories never die. The images of the tragedy that struck on June 2, 1987 still give sleepless nights to Reji Thomas and Shankar Mahadevan.The Teekoy tragedy grabbed headlines a quarter century ago not only because four youngsters who lost their lives in a flash flood at a waterfall in an estate there belonged to well known families in central Travancore, but also because those who had died that day had made their mark in their respective fields.There were seven of them in the picnic trip: three of them -- Shankar, Reji and P M Thomas -- survived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pasarlapudi (east godavari)", "code": "13679209", "title": "Panic over gas pipe leak", "text": "PASARLAPUDI (EAST GODAVARI): Leaking gas and crude oil from an ONGC pipeline on Wednesday created panic among locals at Kondalammachinta in Mamidikuduru mandal. Luckily, there were no casualties or damage to property.Sources said that the leak occurred in the pipeline which connected the Pasarlapudi gas well number 17 to the gas controlling station at Tatikapaka. This is the third such leakage in the pipeline in the last 10 days. With the crude gushing out, some locals used the situation to their advantage by taking away oil by the bucketfuls.After grappling with it for more than four hours, an ONGC disaster response from Rajahmundry managed to plug the leak. Village elders recalled with horror the 1995 Pasarlapudi blast which had occurred in gas well number 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679785", "title": "Constable arrested for accepting bribe", "text": "PUNE: The Pune anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday arrested a police constable attached to the Chatushrungi police station while accepting Rs 500 as bribe from a transport operator in order to give him the copy of the first information report (FIR).A complaint has been lodged by Mehboob Ahmed Inamdar (39) of Yerawada against Govind Shankar Jagtap (49), a resident of Vishrantwadi, with the ACB.Assistant police commissioner (ACB) B M Kale said that on May 25 Inamdar's vehicle met with an accident near Aundh octroi post. He had lodged a complaint with the Chatushrungi police station. When Inamdar asked for the copy of the FIR and the copy of the panchama, Jagtap demanded Rs 500 from him following which Inamdar lodged a complaint with the ACB. An ACB team including inspectors Prakash Shinde, Vinod Satav and Vaishali Galande laid a trap on the Pune-Mumbai highway at Wakdewadi and arrested Jagtap while accepting money from Inamdar. tnnInspector Galande is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679718", "title": "PMC plans to ask irrigation department for more water", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) intends to ask the irrigation department for more water to meet the city's needs till July 31.\"Right now we have enough water - around 1.5 TMC - for the city till July 15. However, we need some more water for it to last till July 31,\" said V G Kulkarni , head of the water supply department in the civic body.Kulkarni said the PMC was doing some advanced planning regarding water availability in the second half of July. This is in case there is inadequate rainfall during the monsoon.\"We will hold a meeting with the irrigation department to take stock of the water availability,\" said Kulkarni. \"If more water is available, the PMC will ask the irrigation department to provide it for the city, so that water needs till July 31 can be fulfilled.\"Currently, the PMC provides 1,050 million litres per day (MLD) of water and there are no plans to reduce it. The city needs nearly 1 TMC of water every month.Since March 1, the city has been facing a 10% water cut as less rainfall during the withdrawal phase of monsoon had reduced the water storage in the dams.Kulkarni said that it was unlikely there would be more water cuts in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13679382", "title": "Shiv Velrasu refutes Sena's poll fraud allegation", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena, on Wednesday accused the returning officer (RO) of the member of legislative council (MLC) elections P Velrasu , of discrepancies in the counting of votes. Sena leaders said that the letter of reply to their objections was given two days after the election but it was predated.The Sena district chief Vijay Karanjkar, MLC candidate Shivaji Sahane, corporator Shailesh Dhage and others accused Velrasu of improper counting of votes for the recently-concluded member of legislative council elections.Shiv Sena's MLC candidate Shivaji Sahane said that the reply to the objections raised by the Shiv Sena on the day of counting on Monday, was given to him on Wednesday. \"Actually, the RO should have replied to our objections on May 28. We had filed written objections at 1.30 pm on May 28. He had enough time from 1.30 pm to 8.00 pm but he gave the reply on May 30 and that too, the letter was predated, showing May 28 as the date. I mentioned that I received the letter on May 30 while acknowledging its the receipt,\" of the letter, said Sahane.The Sena leaders said that the RO is now denying that he had declared 224 votes each during the first announcement, which they say is not correct. \"The RO in his reply said there was no tie. Also, during the elections the video recordings should be shown immediately but the RO said that it is not yet ready. We doubt foul play,\" said the leaders.The Sena leaders said that as per the norms the draw of lots is conducted only with the written consent of both the parties. \"We did not give any written consent but were asked to sign in favour of the draw of chit. Our senior leader, Ajay Boraste signed on it mentioning that we are signing because we were asked to but we have not given our written consent,\" said the leaders.They also said that they would check the records of the phone calls received by RO and district collector P Velrasu, during the counting process. The leaders have asked for records of all the officials who were assigned election duties on May 25. \"We doubt that the officials who did the duties turn by turn for one hour each may not be officially posted,\" said Karanjkar.The Shiv Sena will be filing an election petition in the High Court appealing for the scrutiny of the 23 controversial votes, once they receive the list of officials who were assigned election duties. \"We have the remaining documents,\" they said.When contacted, Velrasu refuted all the charges, saying that it is not a precondition that the acceptance of both the parties be sought before the draw of chits but they need to be informed about it. He added that about the doubts regarding officials posted for election duty he said that everyone had identity cards at the polling booth so there is no question of others entering the booths.\"Also,the video clipping is to be sealed and kept. Only if the high court asks it is to be produced. It was a very tough battle and in the chit system one is bound to lose,\" Velrasu said adding that he had announced that he did not accept the objections raised by the candidates. \"We had to declare results and could not waste time on replying in writing. The dictation was typed on May 28, he must have received it on May 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "svsc teaser", "code": "13684452", "title": "\"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" Trailer Released", "text": "SVSC Teaser: The teaser trailer of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\", starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, has been released today (May 31). Producer Dil Raju said that they are releasing only the teaser of the film now and the first look of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" will be released in August to coincide with superstar Mahesh Babu's birthday.The response for the trailer has already been impressive and fans of both the heroes in this multi-starrer say that Mahesh and Venkatesh look like real-life siblings in it. \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" is slated for September release.Click here for the trailer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678709", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy up-to-date on bypolls even in prison", "text": "HYDERABAD: He may be in jail but YS Jaganmohan Reddy gets constant updates about his party's campaign for the bypolls.On the third day of his being lodged in the jail, the YSR Congress party president and MP, was eagerly waiting for the arrival of his wife, YS Bharathi , since morning in the Central Prison, Chanchalguda . The reason: Jagan's mother Vijayamma and sister Sharmila were to begin the party's byelection campaign tour from Srikakulam and he was naturally waiting for some news.Bharathi who was accompanied by V Vijay Sai Reddy spent more than half an hour with Jaganmohan Reddy. During this time he was briefed about the response to the tour. Before Bharathi's arrival, Kovvur MLA N Prasanna Kumar Reddy also met Jagan and gave him a briefing.After meeting Jagan, Prasanna Kumar Reddy told the media that Jagan was emotionally strong to go through the present situation. He said despite the plot that has been allegedly hatched by the Congress and TDP, YSR CP would perform well in the bypolls.TDP legislator from Mantralayam, who had been hobnobbing with Jagan in the recent past, Y Bala Nagi Reddy , and his brother Sai Prasad Reddy, ex-MLA of Adoni in Kurnool district, also arrived at the jail to meet Jagan. But they were reportedly refused permission to meet Jagan.According to prison sources, Jagan is not inclined to having rice for his meals and prefers roti. He is also said to have been disturbed about the heat conditions in the barrack, though he is provided with a fan in his cell. He was also said to be keeping to himself most of the time.Meanwhile, Jagan's wife Bharathi had a bad experience when she came out of the prison after meeting him. As she came out of the prison, the hordes of mediapersons rushed towards her. In the melee, she was accidentally hit on the head by the video camera of a television crew. She rushed inside the jail again and came out only when the passage was made clear. She came out and got into her car and left.Former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana on Wednesday became the newest addition to the ever increasing number of VVIP inmates in the Central Prison, Chanchalguda. Venkataramana who was arrested by the CBI was sent to the jail after his five days in CBI custody. Venkataramana, who has been given under trial no. 6113 spent some time in the admission barrack after which he was transferred to the barrack where special category prisoners are lodged.Like all special category prisoners, he will also get certain privileges, including a room with an attached toilet, a cot with a mattress, a table and a chair, a television set, and a fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683234", "title": "Indian food is disgusting, says Kim Kardashian", "text": "Kim Kardashian has told her family that she thinks Indian food is \"disgusting\".The 31-year-old socialite said this on Sunday night's episode of 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians'.The reality star's offhanded remark drew criticism throughout the Twittersphere.\"I think it's good Kim Kardashian doesn't like Indian food, because that means she won't ever visit India and that in itself is a blessing,\" Us magazine quoted one user as writing.\"Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner called Indian food 'so disgusting.' Seriously? You don't have to like it, but don't be rude,\" another user said.On Tuesday, she took to her blog to address the backlash in a post titled \"Just Want to Clear Something Up.\"\"In NO way was my comment intended as an insult to the Indian people or their culture. This is just my own personal taste,\" she wrote.\"There are a lot of foods I don't like . . . I hate cilantro and peppers, and there are definitely some Armenian foods that I personally find disgusting, but that doesn't reflect my opinions on other Armenian people or my culture.\"My comment wasn't intended to offend anybody. We all have our own opinions and tastes and I was simply expressing mine,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13679923", "title": "Allahabad HC pulls up GDA over allotment of plots to VVIPs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking serious note of the lands, plots, flats and buildings being allotted to MLAs, MPs and other dignitaries under various schemes of the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), the Allahabad high court on Wednesday asked the GDA vice chairman to file a supplementary affidavit producing such a policy before the court.The order was passed by Justice Sabhajeet Yadav on a writ petition filed by Sharda Prasad, whose services had been dispensed with by the authority. While issuing the direction, the court also took note of the fact that \"the authority has also framed a policy wherein blood relations of officers and employees of GDA are allotted lands, plots, flats and buildings. And after this allotment, allottees are permitted to transfer the flats and plots to the employees of GDA or their family members\".\"Such policy framed by the (GDA) appears to be prima facie contrary to the public policy and permits favourtism and nepotism in public body like the GDA,\" remarked the court.The court also observed that a plot at Ghaziabad had been allotted to Satish Sharma, a minister of state during BJP rule in the state, by the GDA on his letter dated August 8, 2001. Also, the allotment of the plot measuring area 395.17 sq meter at the rate of Rs 2500 per sq meter was made on the same day by the GDA vice chairman.The court said such allotments were being made by the authority on the whims of influential persons without adopting any regular procedure. Therefore, it directed the GDA vice chairman to bring on record both the said policies of the authority and the correspondence made by it with Satish Sharma and his wife.The court also directed to bring on record the names of other MLAs, MPs, ministers, officers and employees who had been benefited by these policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679742", "title": "Techie killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A 26-year-old software engineer died after the motorcycle he was riding skidded on the bridge at Punawale near Ravet early on Wednesday morning.According to the Hinjewadi police, the deceased, Chetan Sudhakar Bhole , was a resident of Swami Vivekanandnagar, Chinchwad. Bhole was working with a software company at Hinjewadi. The investigating officer of the Hinjewadi police, C D Anbhule, said the incident took place around 1am on Wednesday when Bhole was heading towards Ravet on his motorcycle.\"When he approached the bridge, his motorcycle skidded and hit the footpath on the bridge. Bhole sustained severe injuries,\" Anbhule said. The Hinjewadi police reached the spot and shifted Bhole to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital in Pimpri, where the doctors declared him dead on arrival, said Anbhule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678723", "title": "CPM goes to court over TP Chandrasekharan reports", "text": "KOCHI: Upset by the continuous flow of news related to the murder investigation of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan that sullied the party's image among public, CPM on Wednesday moved a contempt of court petition before the Kerala high court alleging that police are leaking information to media in cases pending before various courts in Kerala.The petition, which has most Malayalam newspapers as respondents, alleges that police and media organizations are engaged in contempt of court by not abiding by earlier directions of the high court against reporting sub judice matters.The court had directed in Sampath custodial death case that investigating officers in criminal cases and the media should realize that once a case involving the commission of an offence has been registered and the FIR forwarded to the concerned magistrate, the matter is sub judice and no police officer has the right to leak information regarding the outcome of the investigation until the final report is eventually filed before the court, the petition filed by CPM's Kozhikode district committee secretary T P Ramakrishnan stated.The visual media and the press are willfully disobeying the high court's order and are conspiring against CPM. Baseless reports are created by the press and media and the same is not even denied or restrained by the responsible police officers, the party alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679807", "title": "Take steps to make e-way safe, says MLA", "text": "PUNE: Vinayak Nimhan , MLA from Shivajinagar, on Tuesday sought chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's intervention to make the Pune-Mumbai expressway safe for travel. Nimhan has warned of an agitation if immediate steps were not taken to reduce accidents on the expressway.Nimhan said as many as 9,000 accidents have taken place on the expressway since 2006. \"Monday's accident that killed 27 people from Pune calls for urgent steps to save lives,\" he said.His letter to Chavan said hardly any action is taken against drivers who do not follow lane discipline or violate speed limits in the absence of adequate speed guns.\"This has led to an increase in accidents. We have seen animals and two-wheelers on the expressway. The wire mesh fixed to prevent boulders from falling on the expressway have been damaged at several places,\" the letter added. Security guards to patrol the expressway must be increased to ensure safety and discipline.A system for speedy removal of vehicles that break down on the expressway is necessary, he said. \"The problem is worse during night because many vehicles that break down do not have reflectors and pose a danger for other vehicles,\" he said in the letter. It called for fixing greater responsibility on the contractor entrusted with the job of collecting toll and maintaining the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "narsannapet (srikakulam)", "code": "13678502", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy's sister steals the show, says bring back 'Rajanna rajyam' (YSR rule)", "text": "NARSANNAPET (SRIKAKULAM): Three days after her son was sent to jail, Vijayamma hit the dust trail in north coastal Andhra district of Srikakulam on Wednesday accompanied by her daughter Sharmila. And it was Sharmila who stole the thunder at the road shows with women and youth standing dangerously on rooftops, craning their necks out to have a glimpse of YSR's daughter.\"Nenu Rajanna koothurni, Jagananna chellalni. Na peru Sharmila\" (I am YSR's daughter, Jagan's sister. My name is Sharmila), she introduced herself to the crowd, who clapped and cheered her lustily, as Sharmila along with her mother made her first public appearance outside faction-ridden Pulivendula. Addressing the enthusiastic crowd from atop her late father's `prachara ratham' (make-shift campaign bus), Sharmila said the time had come to bring back 'Rajanna rajyam' (YSR rule) and make Jagananna the chief minister of the state. \"My brother was implicated and arrested in a corruption case. Those who are laughing at our plight should be taught a fitting lesson,\" she said, raising her voice, much to the delight of the crowd.In her bid to milk the YSR sentiment, Sharmila also talked about the injustice meted out to her family by the Congress high command. \"My brother will walk out from jail victoriously and fight for you. He will solve all your problems and restore all the welfare schemes of my father,\" she thundered and pleaded with the voters to defeat both Congress and TDP. As the campaign vehicle surged ahead, Sharmila held aloft a ceiling fan (YSR Congress Party symbol) asking the people to vote for the party and waved to the milling crowds in the typical fashion YSR would do.The roads were chock-a-block with thousands of screaming Jagan fans, with traffic coming to a grinding halt at several places as the Vijayamma ratham moved on. While Sharmila's baptism into electoral politics was smooth, Vijayamma looked out of sorts as her tepid speech failed to enthuse the crowd. \"She did not capitalize on Jagan's arrest issue. She did not focus much on how the Congress had pushed her to come out of her house . She was found wanting as her speech lacked the punch,\" said Dola Krishna Murthy, a pan shop owner in Narsannapet.Vijayamma fails to impress crowdIn fact, the eight-km-long road show from Madapam to Narsannapet witnessed a huge turnout, but Vijayamma's speeches in muffled voice fell far short of expectations of the people and YSR Congress leaders and cadres.Vijayamma said she came to explain to people what her son has got in return for what her late husband had done for the Congress. \"You are the ultimate judges. They (read Congress) sent him to jail since they wanted him out of the way till the byelections are over,\" she said, adding that she has a responsibility to ensure re-election of those who had stood by Jagan. She also raised the bogey of YSR's death in a chopper crash and the lingering doubts among people. \"Braving heat, large number of people came to see their 'amma.' But it remains to be seen whether the crowd turnout will translate into votes on June 12,\" said Nalla Kurma Naidu, a Telugu literature student. Sources said the crowd were mobilized from other parts of the district and even from neighbouring Vizianagaram and Bobbili.Vijayamma and her daughter later campaigned in Payakaraopet constituency in Visakhapatnam district.Vijayamma will visit Ramachandrapuram in East Godavari on May 31, tour Narasapuram on June 1, Polavaram on June 2 and Prathipadu in Guntur district on June 3, YSR Congress leader Talasila Raghuram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679131", "title": "Cabinet may consider proposal to protect tribals in Andaman", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of the recent outrage over videos of Jarawa tribals being made to dance before tourists, the Union Cabinet is likely to take a decision on amending regulations and strengthen the provisions protecting the rights of aboriginal tribes in Andaman and Nicobar islands on Thursday.The amendment is meant for enforcing additional measures for securing the dignity and safety of the tribes there. It also proposes several stringent measures such as a ban against photography and videography of the natives by tourists even beyond the protected areas.Sources said that the Cabinet will take up the Promulgation of the Andaman and Nicobar Island (Protection of Aboriginal Tribes) Amendment Regulation-2012. If the Cabinet approves it, the President would promulgate an ordinance. The required Bill will come later for Parliament approval during the Monsoon Session in July-August.\"The proposal for the Regulation under Article 240 of the Constitution has been moved by the home ministry\", said an official.To ensure better protection of Jarawa and other tribes in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, government has already initiated various measures, including appointment of a nodal officer to check movement of vehicles and conduct of tourists in the areas where they live.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680456", "title": "Air India crew stranded in Tokyo after snag", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crew of erstwhile Indian Airlines may be flying back-to-back these days, but 12 of them recently had a forced holiday in Tokyo at the cost of the bankrupt Maharaja. As part of the contingency plan, Air India started using Airbus A-330 to operate on Tokyo and Shanghai routes as this aircraft is operated by IA pilots.These routes were earlier served by Boeing 777, whose services have been crippled with almost 400 pilots of erstwhile AI on strike.The crew operating the Delhi-Tokyo flight on May 18 - two pilots, two engineers and eight airhostesses - stayed back in Tokyo and the aircraft was operated by another set of crew members. They were to replace the set of crew which would have operated the Delhi-Tokyo flight two days later.But after returning to Delhi, both engines of the aircraft developed a snag. The only other A-330 in AI's fleet has already been grounded for a while. With both the A-330s down, AI did not have a long-haul aircraft operated by IA crew for the route.The 100-odd executive pilots of AI (who have not joined the strike) are being deployed to fly the skeletal service to Europe and the US on the Boeing 777.Finally, said sources, AI got a special five-landing permission to operate the newly grounded A-330. The crew stranded in Tokyo managed to reach Mumbai by that flight after spending exactly a week in costly Tokyo last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680531", "title": "Kishangarh international airport gets high court nod", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of high court comprising Justice Mohammad Rafiq and Justice R S Rathore on Thursday allowed the construction of an international airport at Kishangarh near Ajmer. The bench rejected the plea of the royal family of Kishangarh and held that the petitioners mislead the court by filing wrong statements and were challenging the acquisition after 24 years.The matter was strongly contested on behalf of petitioner Brajraj Singh, the eldest son of erstwhile ruler Sumer Singhji and his other siblings whose 3003 bigha of land at Kishangarh-B village was acquired by state government in 1976 for constructing the airport. The Centre had recognized private properties of former estate of Kishangarh by an order dated August 8, 1949 wherein the land in dispute was treated as estate property.After death of erstwhile ruler Sumer Singhji on Feburary 16, 1971, the Central government recognized Brajraj Singh as ruler of Kishangarh. An acquisition proceeding was initiated by the district collector under Land Reforms and Acquisition of Landowner's Estate Act, 1963 and on February 20, 1976 the land in dispute was acquired and possession also taken. The tehsildar of Kishangarh passed an eviction order with fine under Section 91A of Rajasthan Land Revenue Act on May 22, 2000 which was challenged by the petitioner in the court. A writ petition, as also an appeal, were dismissed by the high court holding the royal family guilty of suppression of facts and making misleading statements.It was contended by K K Mahrshi , senior counsel for petitioner that the petitioners were not served with the notice of acquisition proceedings and the compensation commission passed the compensation at their back. The plea was opposed by advocate general G S Bapna who contended that a notice was duly served on Brajraj Singh, who happens to be the main petitioner and once a notice is served to co-owner of a land, the same is deem sufficient service over the other co-owners.In a review petition file by the petitioner, the division bench of Justice Mohammad Rafiq and Justice R S Rathore came down heavily on the petitioner saying: \"The state government is right in saying that the petitioners were duly served. Even this is their own admission in Para no. 15 of the writ petition. In a review, court does not sit in an appeal.\"\"The very invocation of high prerogative jurisdiction impales a party to state truth and correct facts. Misrepresentation and misstatement was thus one aspect but the other aspect was that writ was filed after a delay of 24 long years and that too without availing an alternative remedy before the Revenue Board against the order of eviction passed by tehsildar. As such, there is no ground for interference,\" Justice Rafiq observed in the order on behalf of bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13681492", "title": "Mexican national files bail plea", "text": "MADURAI: A Mexican national accused of murdering his estranged partner, on Wednesday filed a bail plea in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, saying the accusation against him was fabricated and done to defame him. In his plea, Martin Manrique Mansour, a postdoctoral fellow of Kalasalingam University, claimed he had evidence to prove that he was present in the university quarters and never moved out on April 10, when police charged him with murdering Cecile Denise Acosta (36).The deceased had stayed with another person in Virudhunagar and the police did not investigate him. He alleged police had detained him at the station and fabricated documents before implicating him in the case. Police had arrested Manrique for allegedly murdering Acosta and disposing the body in a suitcase following a dispute over the issue of custody of their five-year-old child. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mancherial", "code": "13679195", "title": "CRPF Jawan shoots relative dead", "text": "MANCHERIAL: A Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawan shot dead his relative in Donabanda village of Mancherial mandal in the late hours of Tuesday, holding the latter responsible for the disputes between him and his wife. The 40-year-old jawan, Erugatla Srinivas, shot Erugatla Bhagyalaxmi, 23, with a pistol after entering into a heated argument with her. She died on the spot.According to police, Srinivas had decided to kill Bhagyalaxmi, suspecting her for the ongoing disputes between him and his wife Radha, who has been staying away from him. Bhagyalaxmi, who was working as a servant in Mumbai, came to her native village recently. Sub-inspector Srilatha said the accused believed that it was Bhagyalaxmi who had provoked Radha to part ways with him. Radha had filed a dowry harassment case six month back. Srinivas, who was posted in Guwahati , has been staying in Donabanda without reporting for work. He married Radha four years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13686003", "title": "Mohan Babu angry with Balayya Fans", "text": "Fans of Nandamuri Balakrishna had to face the ire of actor Mohan Babu during the audio launch of \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\" that stars Balakrishna and Manchu Manoj Kumar.It so happened that when Mohan Babu was busy overseeing the arrangements for the film's audio, Balayya's fans raised slogans like 'Jai Balayya...Jai Jai Balayya'. Mohan Babu asked them to remain calm, but the crazy fans did not listen. This angered Mohan Babu who then cautioned fans saying that he would send them out of the auditorium if they don't maintain decorum.But no sooner did Balayya arrive at the venue, fans went crazy and started screaming 'Jai Balayya...Jai Jai Balayya' all over again. And when the actor finally took the mike to say a few words, the crowd that was desperately waiting to hear him, went berserk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679151", "title": "Bullets cannot help nail Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major setback to the ongoing Crime Investigation Department (CID) probe in the factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri murder case, the 'fragmented' bullets recovered from the victim's body may not help sleuths nail prime accused Bhanu Kiran with scientific evidence in the sensational murder.After Bhanu Kiran was arrested, additional director-general of police (CID) SV Ramana Murthy had claimed that they recovered a 0.32 weapon from the gangster which was used in the commission of the offence.Later, the CID officers sent the weapon to Andhra Pradesh Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) to prove scientifically that bullets which hit Suri actually came from the recovered weapon. However, the two bullets that pierced Suri's body were found to be fragmented. As a result, the forensic experts now cannot give a report to prove beyond doubt that the same weapon was used by Bhanu Kiran in the offence.APFSL sources told TOI that in forensic science one can prove that a bullet came from a particular weapon with certainty only when the bullet is recovered intact.\"In ballistic forensics, whether the same weapon was used in the commission of an offence can be proved by firing it in the lab and comparing the recovered bullet with the one recovered from the actual scene of offence. Some marks will form on the bullet. For a particular gun, the marks formed on every recovered bullet will be the same,'' the sources said.In the case of Suri's murder, since the bullets were found in broken condition, forensic experts have been left with no option, but just provide their personal opinion, which might not be 100% accurate.With no scientific evidence to nail Bhanu, the CID would have to rely heavily on the lone eye-witness, Madhumohan Reddy, in the Suri murder case during the trial. Besides that, the statements of other four accused, including Manmohan Singh , an aide of Bhanu Kiran, would also play a crucial role.While he was on the run, Bhanu Kiran, according to sources, used to always carry the 0.32 licensed weapon besides a few other country-made weapons.Meanwhile, Bhanu Kiran, who was taken into custody by the Kukatpally police in connection with a land dispute case, was produced in the Miyapur court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13678562", "title": "Resort made to vacate from encroached land", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A resort which had encroached upon 4.398 acres was evicted from the property following government orders on Wednesday. Complaints had been registered against the resort located near Nazareth Church in Kumarakom for encroaching government land in 2005.The resort had constructed a basketball court in the encroached land. Three boards were kept today by the government and the area was fenced after evicting the resort people. Poles fixed in the lake near the property and fencing was also removed.P K Manoharan, RDO, who led the eviction said: \"Land revenue commissioner after investigating into the complaint filed a report to district collector, who was also convinced about the encroachment.After examining the report, he gave order for eviction to Kottayam additional tahsildar. Today's action is following that order.The eviction process started at 9am and ended at 3pm.\" The entire operation was smooth and added that the resort staff didn't provide any resistance.The eviction team also included tahsildar, additional tahsildar, taluk surveyor, two deputy tahsildars and police. Around 20-25 workers and JC operators were hired on daily wages basis for carrying out the eviction process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai/chennai", "code": "13679499", "title": "Petrol price hike: Bandh may hit normal life today", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI/CHENNAI: The BJP and the CPM will come together in a nationwide protest against hike in petrol prices on Thursday. Markets may remain shut and autos and taxis might go off the roads.Delhi: Traders decide to support BJP's callResidents of the Delhi may find many markets shut and fewer autos and taxis on the road today, with BJP workers staging demonstrations on arterial roads against the steep hike in fuel prices. The party claims it has the support of over 300 traders' associations and several taxi and auto unions.While the bandh has been called across India, the introduction of 5% VAT on CNG in Delhi budget is also an issue in the capital. On Wednesday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta held a padyatra in Connaught Place asking traders to support the bandh.On Wednesday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta held a padyatra in Connaught Place asking traders to support the bandh. BJP has also decided to disrupt the ongoing budget session in the assembly. Police said that besides 35 extra companies of security personnel, another 50,000 cops would be out on the roads.\"We want to ensure that every major road has police presence. We are aware of a few protest spots and have the resources to rush in to control any situation. We warn people not to flout the law; those found rioting will be charged with destruction of public property,\" said a senior officer. Despite poor footfalls in the market due to rise in temperature, traders' associations have decided to support the bandh. \"We have to stand together. This government has become arrogant and is not concerned about the people, who are suffering. Everything - from food items to gadgets- has become expensive. Still there is no stopping the government from increasing the prices of petrol and CNG. In Delhi, CNG is going to be the main issue,\" said Praveen Khandelwal, secretary general of Confederation of All India Traders.While most traders have decided to support BJP's bandh call, some are said to be doing so out of fear. \"We fear that the protestors might get violent if the markets are open. Not wanting to take chances, we have decided to close the market,\" said a trader from Khan Market. With more than 50,000 BJP workers expected to stage demonstrations at 100-odd locations, BJP is hopeful the government will be forced to rollback petrol and CNG prices. While BJP workers will protest outside, party MLAs are planning a stormy session in the assembly on Thursday.Senas back bandh, Maharashtra talks toughUndeterred by the Shiv Sena and MNS lending their political muscle to the BJP-called Bharat bandh over the steep hike in petrol price last week, the state government announced that it would be business as usual in Mumbai on Thursday. Nevertheless, local politicians expect trouble in saffron strongholds and the police have been deployed in full force.Train services will run as usual and BEST has promised additional services if required. The same cannot be said for autos and taxis. While the bigger unions led by Sharad Rao and A L Quadros said their autos and taxis will ply, Sena-led unions have threatened to enforce the bandh.\"As long as the bandh is peaceful we have no objection. But if politicians indulge in violence and enforce it, we will not tolerate it,\" home minister R R Patil told TOI. On Wednesday, Patil held a marathon meeting with top police officials even as the saffron alliance charted their strategy to ensure that their bandh is a success.Bandh expected to evoke poor response in Tamil NaduThe nation-wide strike called by the NDA and Left parties on Thursday to condemn the hike in petrol price is unlikely to have much impact in Tamil Nadu with the state government taking steps to ensure maintenance of all essential supplies and services to the people.However, autorickshaws might go off the roads as most of the drivers are affiliated to leftist trade unions.Though a few milk dealers have supported the strike, sources in the state-owned Aavin said that measures have been taken to ensure uninterrupted milk supply.\"We have made all arrangements to have enough stock of milk in our parlours and outlets to ensure that the public will not be affected,\" a senior Aavin official said. Government sources assured that all hospitals and public transport will function as usual.\"The full fleet will be pressed into service in the city as well as across the state,\" an official from transport department said.Police sources said additional personnel have been deployed at sensitive areas across the state to curb any untoward incidents.Meanwhile, BJP state unit president Pon Radhakrishnan has appealed to all the political parties, commercial establishments and people of the state to support the bandh.In a release, he said that since the hike in petrol price will test the patience of the people reeling under high inflation, the party had called for a nation-wide strike to condemn the UPA government move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaunpur (up)", "code": "13686146", "title": "Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express derails in Jaunpur, five killed", "text": "JAUNPUR (UP): Five persons were today killed and 50 others injured when several bogies of the Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express derailed near Mahrawa station here.The incident took place this afternoon, Superintendent of Police, Jaunpur, Akash Kulhari told PTI.\"Five persons have been killed and 50 injured in the accident\", he said.Relief and rescue teams have been rushed to the spot from Varanasi and Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681278", "title": "\u2018He was to meet would-be bride\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Avanish Singh (26) was chatting on a social networking site when he was attacked and killed at his Andheri home on Tuesday night. The elder son of the family was planning a visit to his hometown, Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, to meet his prospective bride.One of his childhood friends, Sukhvinder Singh, said he dropped Avanish at his home just an hour before the incident. \"As Avanish had fractured his right arm in a bike accident, he could not defend himself during the attack,\" he said, adding: \"Ashish was attacked while he was sleeping. He was stabbed on his chest so many times that it was difficult to even look at his body\"Avanish's mother Chandrakala said: \"Sunita (an accused) was the first to hit my son. It was appalling to see a woman attack somebody in such a brutal manner . We never interfered in their lives.\" She wanted the law to pronounce the harshest of punishments.Father of the slain boys , Jitendra Singh, was being operated upon at SevenHills Hospital for the injuries he sustained to the head, arms, abdomen and legs. \"I have lost both my sons and my husband is battling for life,\" said Chandrakala.Her son-in-law Anup Singh said: \"Jitendra was bleeding from multiple spots. But he wanted me to first rush his sons to hospital ,\" said Anup. The hospital authorities said Jitendra is out of danger but has to be kept under observation.The family members decided to take Jitendra to a private hospital after the death of Avanish. \"We did not want three deaths in one night,\" said Anup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678310", "title": "Power demand crosses 5000 MW on Wednesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power consumption in the city touched an all-time high of 5,155 MW at 3.23pm on Wednesday afternoon. The previous record was recorded less than a week ago on Friday.Power sector experts attributed the growing demand for electricity to the rising mercury and noted a trend in consumption pattern which showed a widening gap between minimum and maximum power demand. Discoms said that Wednesday's peak demand was successfully met without any load-shedding.The electricity demand in the city is growing by an average 20% annually and discoms are gearing up to meet a load requirement of up to 5,500 MW this summer. However, power sector experts say that demand crossing 5,000 MW in May is worrying as usually June-July record the season peak.\"If the highest demand has been recorded in May, then one can expect that June-July will see significantly higher electricity demand. Apart from the heat, the purchasing power of people in general has also gone up and more and more households have air-conditioners now. Over the years, power demand has shown significant growth, which is a clear indication of increasing prosperity,'' said an official. The demand in east Delhi areas recorded by BSES Yamuna was 1,387 MW, while south and west Delhi areas under BSES Rajdhani recorded a demand of 2,037 MW.A trend has also been noted in the power consumption pattern of Delhiites this year. Power officials said air-conditioners are being used a lot more in the afternoon than at night. This is partly because of power consumption by offices during the day and partly due to the afternoon heat. But the minimum demand has been lower than expected, said an official. \"Power consumption pattern of Delhi is quite different from other states. Normally, there is a difference of around 20% between the maximum and minimum demands daily. But due to the rising temperature, the difference between the maximum and minimum demand has gone up to 50% daily,'' said a Transco spokesperson. The minimum demand recorded on Wednesday was 3,276 MW at 06.49am, while the maximum was 5,155 MW at 3.23pm. \"This kind of situation puts extra burden on the power companies. When the power demand is minimum, the companies have huge surplus of power. And when the power demand is very high, these companies have to buy power at very high rates,'' said the spokesperson.Power sector officials said that power consumption was directly affected by the weather. \"Power demand is increasing every year and during the last decade it has increased from 3,097MW in 2002 to 5,155MW in 2012. If the hot weather persists, the demand may go up to 5,500MW this summer,'' said an official. The power department added that the peak was successfully met. There was no shortage in bulk supply and no noticeable load shedding was reported due to any shortage in supply. However, any load shedding occurred due to local fault was rectified within few minutes/shortest possible time,'' said a senior government official .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684235", "title": "Sharad Kelkar\u2018s challenging act in Kuch Toh", "text": "Sharad Kelkar, who replaced Mohnish Behl as Dr Ashutosh on Sony TV's Kuch Toh Log Kahenge, has attempted something different and new on the show.Sharad who has acted in serials like Sinndoor Tere Naam Ka , Bairi Piya and Saat Phere is known to play very powerful and aggressive characters on screen. Says Sharad, \"All the characters I have played till now have been very macho and strong. I've also played the angry young man on Television. But as Dr Ashutosh, my character requires me to be more demure, mature and subtle. \"He further adds, \"I need to be able to play more intense roles. Dr Ashutosh's character has been very challenging and has taught me a lot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679788", "title": "BMC starts pothole audit, forms special teams to report craters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has asked all wards to start the annual survey of potholes in the city. Five officials will be posted in each ward to detect potholes and click pictures which will then be uploaded on the BMC's pothole-tracking website. The BMC will use the pothole-tracking system to keep close tabs on repair work, engineers, contractors and ward officials.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"Ward officials have been asked to identify potholes and upload pictures. We will get a report on potholes that have been identified. This time, we have the facility to monitor the work carried out by engineers and contractors.\"Of the 703 potholes detected in the city in the last seven months, the municipal corporation has repaired only 138, according to Probity Software which was appointed by the BMC to design the pothole-tracking software.While the BMC had earlier claimed that all pothole-repair work would be completed by May 15, this deadline was extended to May 30. The pre-monsoon filling of potholes is underway and the civic administration has extended the deadline for the pothole-repair work. The new deadline of June 10 means the civic body will have to repair 387 potholes in 10 days.\"Work orders have already been issued to contractors. The pre-monsoon work will be completed before the new deadline,\" added Jalota.With the new system in place, the civic body is now relying heavily on contractors, citizens, junior engineers and sub-engineers at the ward level to finsh the work. The five-official team will use the pothole-tracking software, which allows all Android phone users to report potholes on the BMC website, to highlight bad stretches or pockmarked roads.The technology, which was launched in November, had received the backing of the Shiv Sena and the BJP and was passed by the civic standing committee amidst opposition from other parties. They had argued that clicking pictures of potholes would not solve the problem of bad roads. The proposal had met with opposition also because only Android phones can be used to click pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681238", "title": "Varsity to conduct scheduled exams today, students angry", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai university on Wednesday announced that today's scheduled exams will not be cancelled . Engineering students are worried especially with the Shiv Sena and MNS supporting the BJP-called bandh.Students of first-year engineering ATKT students will be appearing for the Computer Programming-I paper from 11am to 2pm. Exams for the 16 branches of third-year semester VI exams will be conducted between 3-6 pm. Exams for part-time courses also scheduled today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679655", "title": "No power tariff hike for domestic users: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Already reeling under steep hike in the petrol price, people of Uttar Pradesh got some relief when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday said that there would be no increase in the existing power tariff structure for domestic and agricultural power consumers in his maiden state annual budget to be presented on June 1.Announcing this on the floor of the assembly, the chief minister, however, hinted at power tariff hikes for industrial and commercial users. Admitting the poor power-availability in the state, the CM said this was mainly due to the failure of the previous BSP government to set up a single new power project in the state during its five-year rule. The BSP government's faulty policy resulted into a burden of Rs 25,000 crore on the UPPCL, the CM said, adding that of this Rs 7,000 crore were spent on the import of power at higher rate. In the same vein, he was also critical of the Congress, which he said, was not much helpful towards improving power scenario in the state.This was evident from the non-allotment of requisite coal stock to UP by the Centre. Beside this, he said, the Congress was responsible for stalling the 10,000 mw Dadri power project initiated by the SP government during its previous tenure between 2003 and 2007. He regretted the Congress was not cooperative towards the ruling SP, despite its open support to the Centre on the issue of nuclear energy in the past.As for improving power supply situation, he said the government was committed to increase its availability. A roadmap prepared for this envisaged improvement in plant load factor(PLF) of power thermal plants and transmission lines, check power theft and losses, and set up new power projects, including that based on solar energy. The government would break from the past practices of the BSP government, which had done nothing, except signing memorandums of understanding (MoUs), Akhilesh Yadav said in his reply to supplementary questions on the issue of power supply situation in the state during the question hour in the House.\"Although proposed to be provided in the budget, I am compelled to disclose some of these information,\" Yadav said as BSP and BJP members raised their pitch, out to run down the government for its utter failure on the power supply situation in this peak summer season.Not satisfied with the government reply, both these parties later separately staged noisy walkouts after accusing the government of making false promise.However, undeterred by the disruption, Yadav said that sparing domestic consumers and farmers was a difficult decision and explained that the it had been taken with an intent to provide them relief, as they were the most hit by the inflation, caused by fuel price hike. \"The government was firm on protecting their interest. That's why this decision had been taken irrespective of dire financial situation of the state and the recommendation made by the power tariff regulatory authority to increase the power tariff structure across all sectors,\" the chief minister said.The issue, which was raised through a question jointly by Suresh Khanna of BJP and Reeta Bahuguna Joshi and others, witnessed a volley of supplementary questions put up by leader of oppostion Swami Ptrasad Maurya and a host of other members, including Hukum Singh of BJP and Pramod Tiwari of Congress. While expressing concern over the power supply situation, they underlined the need for improvement.Blaming the government for its failure, Maurya, termed the government as anti-farmer and anti-people and later led his party to stage an angry walk out from the House. Intervening, Akhilesh Yadav said that those dubbing the government as anti-farmer, should do a soul-searching by asking themselves what have they done in the previous five-year rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679442", "title": "Every tiger, leopard death will be presumed poaching: National Tiger Conservation Authority", "text": "NAGPUR: National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has decided that henceforth every case of tiger and leopard death will be treated as poaching incident unless proved to be natural death. The latest directive by Rajesh Gopal , member-secretary of NTCA, follows after a recent spurt in tiger poaching cases, specially in Chandrapur district of Maharashtra. The NTCA move is seen as an effort to make the states take every tiger death seriously and follow the protocol to ascertain the exact cause of death.In the six months since November 3, 2011, the state has lost 10 tigers, most of them to poaching. Several tigers have died under mysterious circumstances. \"Maharashtra has been very casual in submitting reports about the deaths. Whenever a tiger dies, we just receive an SMS and that's all. In all 10 tiger deaths, detailed reports including forensic report establishing cause of death have still not been submitted to us,\" NTCA officials told TOI. SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra, responded, \"It is possible that detailed reports have not been sent. I will check-up. We will do what is necessary.\"\"To ensure proper due diligence and topmost priority, every case of tiger and leopard death will be henceforth treated as a case of poaching, unless otherwise proved beyond reasonable doubt,\" Gopal's letter said. The letter written to all the chief wildlife wardens of states stated that if a tiger death was classified as occurring due to natural causes, the same should be substantiated by adequate supporting field evidences and factual details, while reporting to NTCA.Any incident of tiger death requires detailed field investigation vis-a-vis the advisories issued in this context from the authority. While natural mortality owing to density related stress and other causes do occur in a tiger habitat, there is a need to establish this based on categorical evidences.\"There is a need to ensure adequate caution while classifying tiger deaths as occurring due to 'natural' cases,\" Gopal said. The NTCA has said the area where tiger death is reported should be thoroughly scanned to rule out metal trap and snares and evidence of unauthorized vehicular movement, use of fire arms, poisoning near water points, natural salt licks and poisoning of livestock kills by tigers and leopards.Besides, any history of recurring livestock depredation, human death and injury due to carnivores in the area should also be taken into account along with pendency, if any, relating to payment of compensation and ex-gratia in this regard. It has directed that the day-to-day patrolling by field staff and supervisory checks at senior level should ensure preventive actions as well as proactive detection, rather than retroactive actions.This would also facilitate retrieval of carcasses before their putrefaction, thereby facilitating, forensic examination in a laboratory.Two panels to protect big catsThe NTCA has constituted two committees for tiger conservation. One panel is for district planning in tiger range while another for appraisal of centrally sponsored scheme (CSS) in 40 tiger reserves.The committee for tiger range districts includes V B Mathur, dean, Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , M Firoz Ahmed, member, NTCA, Dr Biswajit Banerjee from Planning Commission, A K Shrivastava, director of ministry of tribal affairs, R Sundaraju and B K Patnaik, retired chief wildlife warden of Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh respectively, S Dhena and Thilagarajan U, both social workers, and S P Yadav, DIG of NTCA.NTCA sources said the team would suggest a process for factoring in tiger concerns in the district planning in tiger range districts. It will come out with generic prescriptions vis-a-vis the 2010 country level tiger estimation for district plan for mainstreaming tiger conservation in each district. \"Four regional sensitization workshops for stakeholders and line departments will be organized. The panel will submit its report in six months,\" sources said.NTCA, which releases big sums of money for tiger conservation, has also constituted five appraisal teams for the CSS. The tiger reserves have been classified into five landscape complex. Of these, the Central Indian landscape (Tadoba, Pench, Melghat, Ranthambore, Sariska) will include ex-PCCF DNS Suman, NTCA member Prakash Amte, social worker D Krishnamurthy and AIG Sanjay Kumar . The team will verify whether the CSS money is being used properly and suggest improvements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679641", "title": "Teacher Eligibility Test qualified candidates clash with police", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) qualified candidates clashed with the police outside the Vidhan Bhawan on Wednesday. The candidates were staging a demonstration in support of their demands.These candidates had qualified TET in November and are demanding that counselling be held soon so that they get recruited.\"Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had said the decision related to TET will be taken by May 24. He is delaying the issue and nothing concrete has been done on the matter,\" said Atul Tiwari, a protester. Six persons, including two women , were injured in the clash and admitted to Civil hospital . The condition of one of the injured was said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13678818", "title": "Police fear to enter ward eight of Kannur Central Jail", "text": "KANNUR: If dismantling party villages in the district is a tough call for the police, then sanitising the Kannur Central Jail to make it free from politics is next to impossible.Ten days after a miffed home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan during his visit to the jail asked the officials to remove photographs and posters of CPM leaders from the prison walls, no action has been initiated.Jail officials say the eighth ward of the jail where the CPM prisoners are lodged continues to be a 'party stronghold' where even wardens don't dare to venture. It is here that the home minister had found photographs, posters and even a memorial.Jail superintendent Sivadas K Thaiparambil was quick to say that the issue is an 'old one'. \"A report on this issue has been sent to the ADGP (prisons) with all the details of the photographs and posters. Action will be taken based on the instructions from the higher ups,\" he said. But jail officials aver that it will be tough task to remove the posters from ward eight where 'prisoners lead a free life'.The issue came to fore when probe team investigating the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan found that the political prisoners of the jail were part of the conspiracy.Meanwhile, the jail visit of CPM leaders including P Jayarajan, M V Jayarajan and K P Sahadevan on Tuesday has led to fresh controversies with the DGP asking the jail officials to explain.Though the leaders claimed they went to the jail to meet the activists of Adivasi Kshema Samiti who were arrested for encroaching forest land in Wayanad, many believe that also met the political prisoners in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678579", "title": "HC gives 2 weeks to NHAI, developer", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) told the Delhi high court that it has sent a proposal for an out-of- court settlement to the private concessionaire of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway.Justice S Muralidhar granted two weeks time to NHAI and the concessionaire - Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL) - to discuss the proposal. While fixing July 3 as the next date of hearing, HC said in case the parties are able to reach a settlement earlier, they can inform the court and have the matter disposed off.Government sources said that NHAI would hold a few rounds of discussions with the developer and barring a couple of issues, the two parties agree on most issues highlighted in the proposal. The concessionaire confirmed that it has received the proposal and is going to find a way out soon.For the first time, the authority has softened its stand in court since the developer challenged its decision to terminate the contract for running the 27km expressway. Insistent on terminating the agreement, earlier, the authority had said that it is not willing to reach a truce with the concessionaire. On the last date of hearing, the Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC), the bank that loaned funds to DGSCL for the project, had sought time to attempt a reconciliation, saying it has approached both parties for this purpose.HC was hearing the plea filed by DGSCL seeking a direction to restrain NHAI from taking any coercive action against it, including termination of the contract. Relations between the two parties turned sour after the NHAI accused DGSCL of fraud in the form of re-financing the project without getting its approval. The highways authority, while ordering termination of its deal with the private firm, had accused it of failure to improve services at the 32-lane toll plaza. The DGSCL had approached the court after the NHAI had issued a preliminary to it on Dec 7 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13679433", "title": "4 years and counting, BJP govt muddles through", "text": "The BJP completed four years of governance on Wednesday, and they've been marked by scams, internal squabbles, policy paralysis and change of chief minister.2008*June: Soon after BS Yeddyurappa took charge as CM, two people killed after police opened fire on farmers protesting about fertilizer supply* June: Ruling-BJP MLA M Raghupathi Bhat committed suicide under mysterious circumstances2009* June: Minister Es En Krisnnaiah Setty resigned over allegations of being involved in a land scam.* November: Ministers G Janardhana Reddy, G Karunakara Reddy and B Sriramulu staged unsuccessful coup to destabilize Yeddyurappa. They ferried over 40 MLAs to Hyderabad. Minister Shobha Karandlaje had to resign following this2010* May: Food &amp; civil supplies minister H Halappa resigned following charges of rape* Sept: Medical education minister Ramachandra Gowda resigned after a major job scam in Mysore and Hassan medical colleges* Oct: Coup by BJP MLAs and independents supported by JD(S) to overthrow Yeddyurappa. Disqualification of 16 MLAs (11 BJP and 5 independent) for anti-party activities. While the Karnataka High Court upheld Speaker KG Bopaiah's order, Supreme Court quashed it restoring assembly membership of all 16 MLAs* Dec: IT&BT; minister Katta Subramanya Naidu resigned after Lokayukta filed FIR in land scam2011* Jan: Governor HR Bhardwaj granted sanction for prosecution of Yeddyurappa on charges of corruption, favoritism and nepotism* July: Lokayukta Santosh Hegde submits his inquiry report on illegal mining. Indicts Yeddyurappa, Jananardhana Reddy, Karunakara Reddy and Sriramulu* August: Yeddyurappa resigns as CM after being named in illegal mining report* August: DV Sadananda Gowda elected as new legislature party leader of BJP and sworn in as CM* September: MLA Katta Subramanya Naidu sent to Bangalore central prison following corruption charges* September: MLC G Janardhana Reddy arrested by CBI following allegations of illegal mining* October: Lokayukta court sends Yeddyurappa to jail* October: BSY loyalist MLAs and ministers skip BJP patriarch LK Advani's Janchetna rally in Bangalore* November: Yeddyurappa starts 'DVS Hatao' mission* December: Rebel BJP MLA B Sriramulu trounces BJP candidate to win by huge margin in Bellary Rural assembly bypoll* December: Sadananda Gowda gets comfortably elected to legislative council2012* Feb: Three ministers - Laxman Savadi, J Krishna Palemar and C C Patil - resigned after caught allegedly watching porn clips in the assembly* March: Yeddyurappa herds his supporters -- legislators and ministers -- to a resort and threatens to pull down Gowda government if he is not reinstated* March: Gowda and state BJP president K S Eshwarappa writes national party president Nitin Gadkari complaining that Yeddyurappa is indulging in anti-party activities* April: Supreme Court directs CBI to inquire into Yeddyurappa's role in illegal mining", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685567", "title": "Telenor in talks for new partner in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Norwegian firm Telenor today said it is in discussions to rope in a new partner for its telecom business in India before the government auctions the spectrum.The company's Indian unit Uninor suffered a major setback after 22 of its licences were cancelled by the Supreme Court in February in the 2G spectrum allocation case. While cancelling 122 licences in all of various telecom operators, the apex court ordered the government to conduct a fresh spectrum auction, where Telenor intends to participate with a new partner.\"We are in active discussions for partners with handful of people,\" Telenor Executive vice president and head of region Asia Sigve Brekke told reporters here. Telenor operates a telecom services joint venture 'Uninor' in India with real estate major Unitech. It holds over 67 per cent stake in Uninor, while the rest is with the Indian partner.Following the cancellation of Uninor's licences, Telenor had said it planned to set up a new company for. It had also sought damages from Unitech accusing it of \"fraud and misrepresentation\" of facts based on which it had invested over Rs 6,000 crore in the joint venture.\"I am quite optimistic that we will part with all these issues prior to the auction dates. The day we go into that auction, we need to have established a new company, which has transferred assets, a company with a new partner and the old partner is out. All this needs to be in place before the auctions,\" he said. Brekke added that new partner may have 26 per cent share in the new entity, as Indian rules allow foreign companies to own a maximum of 74 per cent stake in a telecom venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13679000", "title": "Crocodile rescued from sewage plant", "text": "VADODARA: Crocodiles usually are known to survive and flourish in fresh waters of river or lake.However, a young crocodile rescued on Tuesday night left the forest and civic officials surprised. The five feet long crocodile had survived on dirty sewage water for over one year. The reptile was rescued by the Crocodile Group from a screen chamber - huge tank that stores sewage water - at Gajrawadi sewage treatment plant on Tuesday night. The sewage water from the chamber is then sent to main plant for treatment.The crocodile had entered into the 36-feet deep chamber over a year ago and it never came out later. The Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) officials who manage the sewage treatment plant knew that the crocodile stayed in the tank. \"The crocodile had slipped into the screen chamber during last monsoons through an inlet. We had tried to find him but he couldn't be located. We thought it was dead. But our employees saw it yesterday and called in the animal activists,\" said Chandrakant Patel, additional assistant engineer at the treatment plant.\"We got a call in evening following which our men reached the spot. It took us about five hours to rescue the reptile as it was about five feet long. We handed it over to the forest department. It is indeed surprising that the reptile survived in the sewage water without enough source of food,\" said Ashok Pawar of the Crocodile Group.The civic officials believe that the crocodile must have been getting food from the nearby slaughterhouse. \"The slaughter house must have attracted the crocodile to the surface. I think the reptile must have come from the Ruparel storm water drainage nearby and then entered the treatment plant,\" said a VMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13678930", "title": "The secret of Shah Rukh Khan's energy", "text": "KOLKATA: One moment he took your breath away by climbing more than 30 feet on a steel frame as easily as a lizard and the next moment you gaped as he gyrated and danced for a whole 50 minutes right under a blazing sun as most of you cowered for shade and cover. Tuesday's spectacle at Eden Gardens was actually a continuation of what Shah Rukh Khan , the first man of the Kolkata Knight Riders team, has been displaying every time his team won. The two cartwheels that came earlier are not to be forgotten and are still being talked about - not only by his fans.The fact that this is possible because of immaculate physical fitness goes without saying, but one heard an amazing story of more than 14 years of rigorous training under an equally exacting trainer, Prashant Sawan. Shah Rukh takes his fitness training as seriously as religion, feels his trainer, something that he cannot do without, at least five times a week. He has never failed his appointments with Sawan at the Body Sculptor, the fitness studio (gym) where he works out. On occasions when he has to be outside Mumbai for shoots or otherwise, Sawan travels with him and arranges for his workout, which is tailor-made for Shah Rukh. While the gyms at the star hotels where he puts up suffices mostly, \"some specialised equipment travel with my client,\" Sawan said from Mumbai.What perhaps makes Shah Rukh his trainer's favourite is the extremely high basal metabolic rate of the actor, which makes it possible for him to take on the most difficult endurance training regimens. \"I give him some of the most impossible stretching and weights combinations that require great stamina and resilience. That is how I built his six pack abs,\" Sawan revealed. He said once in the gym, Shah Rukh can work out constantly for an hour and a half without a single break.\"He can run continuously at 15 kilometres an hour on the treadmill. What makes him such an adorable student of mine is that he never questions the routine I dish out to him every time he is here. No matter how tough the exercise is, he just goes at it and never falters. The biological reason behind this is not only his high BMR but also the fact that he oozes positive energy that makes it absolutely necessary for him to achieve high physical targets,\" explained Sawan.The reason behind his flawless cartwheels is that Shah Rukh has perfected his balance by jumping four-and-a-half-feet-high hurdles one after the other, impromptu. \"He would just do these to test his balance and in doing this his core (back and thigh) muscles are perfectly coordinated,\" Sawan said. As is the rule with people with such high metabolic rate, Sawan focuses less on cardio-vascular exercises and more on weights, abs and legs. \"The tougher the endurance test, the better it is for building stamina,\" he explained.Interestingly, Shah Rukh is not a stickler for a diet regimen, though he chooses to eat sensibly. He is on a high protein and low carb diet that is also extremely high on fluids like citrus juices. \"He simply loves his chicken in any form and his rotis. It is mostly home-cooked food for him. When it is rice, it has to be biriyani. However, he also gulps down a lot of coffee,\" laughs Sawan.Meanwhile, those who saw the star in close quarters are still dazed. Take sports minister Madan Mitra or youth affairs minister Aroop Biswas for example. They feel that Shah Rukh is the best icon for the state and they congratulate chief minister Mamata Banerjee for choosing him as the face of the state or its ambassador. \"All of us saw the positive energy that he exuded in public. It was infectious,\" said Madan Mitra. \"Through sheer perseverance and grit he was able to lead KKR to victory. He has brought glory to the state and so the celebrations are bound to continue for sometime,\" Biswas added. Actor Rituparna Sengupta , who was there at the Eden Gardens, said she can't stop marvelling at his energy.But doctors had a word of caution for SRK. While his fitness is amazing, the star needed to cut down on smoking as he pushes 50, they advised. \"His fitness regime keeps him going through all the stress that he undergoes. It lets him work hard and remain energetic. While exercises make his muscles strong, smoking could be affecting his cardio-vascular system. So, he needs to undergo regular tests which, I am sure, he does,\" said orthopaedic Kunal Sengupta.He added that SRK would do well not to overdo the physical strain. \"He has already had a spine surgery. He must have gone through an excellent rehabilitation programme that helped him recover well. More importantly, SRK seems to have been very eager to regain full fitness. While his athleticism is incredible, it obviously results from a lot of hard work at the gym which we can't see. His muscles are strong and supple and he doesn't have an ounce of fat,\" Sengupta added.Oncologist Gautam Mukhopadhyay pointed at his mental energy as the real reason behind SRK's vivacity. \"He is a man who thinks positive and believes in doing things his own way which keeps him happy. A lot of the physical energy comes from mental resilience which he has in abundance,\" explained Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13684020", "title": "Bharat bandh: Sharad Yadav, Shahnawaz Hussain detained", "text": "PATNA: NDA convener and JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav and BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain were among 800 activists taken into custody while enforcing the NDA sponsored \" Bharat bandh\" in Bihar to protest the petrol price hike.Yadav along with 700 odd supporters took out processions in Saharsa town to enforce the call. Yadav along with NDA supporters were soon taken into custody in Sahars sadar police station, sources said.Hussain, the BJP National Spokesman, and others were detained in Bhagalpur town while trying to enforce the bandh, they said.Talking to reporters, Yadav demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh resign immediately for \"failure\" of his government to control the spiralling prices of petroleum products and essential commodities.Yadav claimed the bandh was total. Ruling JD (U) and BJP leaders also took out processions in the state capital to enforce the call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13679102", "title": "Neighbour held for raping minor", "text": "NADIA: A youth was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly raping a 12-year-old. The accused was produced in court and remanded in 14 days of judicial custody.Bijay Biswas, 22, of Hanskhali's Sahapara allegedly raped the girl from the neighbourhood a few days back. The Class-IV student was alone at home and Bijay took advantage of the situation. The youth, a daily labourer, also threatened to kill the victim if she dared disclose the incident to anyone. Thus the girl kept quiet and tried to sustain the trauma all by herself.But on Monday, the victim was taken ill. She complained of severe pain in her private parts and was rushed to a local quack. The latter realized that the girl had been raped. After being asked several times, the victim broke down and gave out the truth. She was taken to the local hospital from where she was referred to Ranaghat sub-divisional hospital. But the girl died due to septicaemia on Tuesday.It was then that the victim's father lodged a complaint against Bijay. The medical test has also confirmed rape, said police sources. that she was raped. \"We could not realize that the brutality happened with my daughter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13678851", "title": "Suni wanted a vehicle for picnic trip: Rafeeq to SIT", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have taken into custody Vayapadachi Rafeeq , who allegedly rented the Innova car used by the assailants of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. It is learnt that he tried to surrender before the court in Vadakara, but could not do so as he is not yet arraigned as an accused in the case.The police took him into custody and the interrogation is on. Rafeeq is an associate of the prime suspect Kodi Suni and is partner in many crimes. Police have not recorded his arrest yet. Rafeeq is learnt to have admitted that he helped Suni to get the vehicle through one Harris from K P Naveendas in Chokli near Thalassery. He apparently said that Suni asked for a vehicle for a picnic trip.Rafeeq first offered a red Tata Sumo vehicle, but Suni insisted on a bigger one and gave Rs 1,000 for the job.When television channels flashed his name in relation to the murder case, he fled to Karnataka via Kutta in a bus. He told cops he feared that Suni, who has good political connections, would harm him.During his hiding, he claimed that he removed the SIM cards from his phone and didn't contact anyone. To escape from being identified, he shaved off his beard and moustache.Police are fully convinced about his version and are quizzing him to check whether he has any connection with the murder. Meanwhile, CPM local committee members who were arrested by the cops have told the Vadakara judicial first class magistrate court that they were brutally beaten up while they were in police custody.P P Ramakrishnan, CPM Thalassery area committee member, who is in police custody, was admitted to the Medical College Hospital, after he complained of chest pain.Meanwhile, CPM state secretariat member Elamaram Kareem said the party would organize a 24-hour dharna in Vadakara against the 'police torture'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680757", "title": "Wage hike demand stalls Margao Municipal Council's pre-monsoon work", "text": "MARGAO: Pre-monsoon work in all twenty wards of the Margao Municipal Council has been delayed as the laborers are now demanding for a hike in their daily wages.On an average only 10 to 20 of the 50-odd laborers hired to carry out the pre-monsoon work turn up for regular duty. The workers who currently get paid 221 a day from which 21 is deducted for their retirement benefits are demanding that their pay should be increased to 300 a day.While MMC chairperson Arthur D'silva confirmed the development but expressed confidence that the pre-monsoon works would be completed shortly, chief officer J B Bhingui explained that the wage rate had been approved by the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) and that the MMC would carry on the work with the limited resources. However, MMC councillor Dhananjay Mayekar who represents ward number 15 stated that despite the setback, 60% of the work such as the cleaning of drains had been completed and that the remainder of the work was delayed due to the ongoing sewerage work.Former MMC chairperson Savio Coutinho said that the pay scale were revised three years ago from 176 after considering basic market rates and that the DMA should consider a partial increase in wages as laborers in private-run enterprises were getting higher pay-scales.Sources further added that the DMA had kept the wage rate on par with other municipal councils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "13679174", "title": "Cops foil Sunita\u2019s fast attempt", "text": "ANANTAPUR: The political scene in Anantapur district is hotting up with TDP MLA from Rapthadu Paritala Sunita insisting on reinvestigation of Jaganmohan Reddy's role in the murder of her husband Paritala Ravindra. Though her fast-unto-death deeksha was foiled by cops here on Wednesday, Sunita said she would not rest till the government ordered a fresh probe into Jagan's role in the murder.Sunita along with TDP MLA Payyavula Keshav and other leaders were forcibly lifted by police when she tried to undertake the deeksha at Ambedkar Circle in the town. Earlier, police had denied permission to take up the indefinite fast. \"Sunita wants to cash in on the followers her late husband had and Jagan arrest has come as a shot in the arm for her. Also, she wants to make it an election issue so that TDP would be benefited,\" a party leader not wanting to be named said.Mahalakshmi Srinivas, who belongs to the dominant Balija community, is the party candidate from Anantapur. He is facing stiff competition from B Gurunath Reddy of YSR Congress party and Congress nominee Mursheeda Begum. Sources said unsuccessful ticket aspirants from both Congress and TDP have reportedly joined hands with their rivals to damage their parties victory. It is in this light Sunita's gambit of raking up her husband's murder issue assumes significance, which observers say, will galvanise the demoralized party cadre.Though the Congress has won the seat and Rayadurgam in 2009 elections, observers say the party is facing a tough contest this time. Jagan loyalist Gurunath has now entered the fray on YSR Congress ticket. Thought Congress leaders like Chiranjeevi and Raghuveera Reddy have been campaigning vigorously in the town, Gurunath has sizeable following among the electorate. Chiranjeevi's campaign is also crucial as Anantapur constituency has 32,000 Balija votes, which has been traditionally with TDP. The Congress nominee, who is a Muslim, is banking upon 50,000 minority votes.The story is more or less similar in Rayadurgam where Kapu Ramachandra Reddy is contesting on behalf of YSR Congress Party, who had contested and won the seat in Congress ticket on 2009. Deepak Reddy from TDP and Patil Venugopal Reddy from Congress are up against him. The constituency has more than 60,000 BC votes which would decide the fortunes of the three candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679086", "title": "6 chain snatchers, jeweller held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police arrested six thieves and a jeweller for purchasing stolen gold on Wednesday. The miscreants had committed 20 snatching offences this year and police recovered booty worth Rs 11 lakh, including 34 tolas of gold, from their possession.The arrested were identified as Mukhesh Prajapath , V Swamy, S Vishnu Kanth, Uttam Chand Prajapath, Jitender Sharma, Raghunath Rout, all from Rajendranagar, and jeweller Lalith , owner of Ganapathi Jewellery store in Nagaram in Kushaiguda.Deputy commissioner of police (DCP), LB Nagar, D Nagendra Kumar said the thieves were caught on Tuesday night near BD Reddy Gardens, Hasthinapuram , while they were moving suspiciously on stolen bikes.Police found stolen gold in their possession and took them into custody for questioning.During interrogation, they confessed to having committed 20 chain snatching offences in Meerpet, Narsingi , Hayatnagar, Maheswaram, Rajendranagar, Shivrampally, Vanasthalipuram, Kandukur and a robbery at KPHB this year.They also told police that they had sold the stolen booty to Lalith. Based on their confession, police raided the jewellery store in Nagaram and recovered 34.2 tolas of stolen gold from him.Police also recovered Rs 20,000 cash and three bikes from the culprits, which they had purchased using the stolen property. The arrested persons were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681581", "title": "Civic body elections notification issued", "text": "KANPUR: On the guidelines of the Election Commission , district magistrate/district election officer Kanpur Nagar MP Agarwal on Wednesday issued notification for the civic body election in Kanpur Nagar, municipal corporations of Ghatampur &amp; Bilhaur and nagar panchayat of Shivrajpur and Bithoor.According to notification, nomination forms would be available at respective returning officer's office from the day of declaration and last date for the submission of the nomination papers would be June 6 while scrutiny will take place on June 7.The district election officer has fixed June 11 as the date for withdrawal of nominations. Timing for withdrawal of candidature by the candidates would be 11 am to 3 pm.Distribution of symbols would take place on June 12 while eligible denizens would cast their vote on June 27 and voting would continue till 6 pm. The counting will begin on July 7 at 8 am and would continue till the last result. Nomination papers and their submission for the election of corporator and mayor would be available at the nagar nigam office in Moti Jheel area.Similarly tehsil headquarter of Ghatampur and Bilhaur would be the venue for filing of nomination papers. Papers regarding election of chairman and member of Bithoor Nagar Panchayat would be submitted at Nagar Nigam Kanpur Nagar while papers for Shivrajpur would be submitted at Tehsil headquarter Bilhaur.Electronic voting machine would be used first time in the civic body elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679173", "title": "Bikram Singh faces daunting task as new Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commanding the world's second largest Army, deployed along two long unresolved borders with nuclear-armed neighbours even as it combats insurgency in the hinterland has never been easy. But General Bikram Singh will have it even tougher.When he takes over as the 25th chief of the 1.13-million Army on Thursday afternoon, facing him will be a force beset with factional feuds and competing lobbies, discipline and corruption problems, crippling operational gaps and modernization delays.Gen Bikram Singh will also have to grapple with the sharpened civil-military divide left behind by his predecessor Gen V K Singh. When the outgoing chief came to office in April 2010, he promised to restore the Army's \"internal health\" but actually ended up embarrassing the government with endless controversies, even dragging it to court over his age.Insiders say Gen V K Singh did \"indeed shake up the system\", not necessarily a bad thing considering the string of status-quoist chiefs the Army has had, and cracked down on corruption. Defence minister A K Antony's rush to now fast-track long-delayed Army projects, for instance, is a direct result of Gen V K Singh complaining to PM Manmohan Singh of \"critical hollowness\" in his force's operational capabilities.\"But you can't usher in meaningful reform by acting like a bull in a china shop,\" said a top officer. Gen V K Singh, who had never earlier served in South Block except once as a major, instead antagonized the entrenched politico-bureaucratic combine like never before. This, in turn, put the skids on several Army projects and policies, from transformation to procurements.So, Gen Bikram Singh, who has had six tenures in South Block after he was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry regiment in March 1972, will have his hands full. His topmost priority, as he himself admitted in an advance interview to Sainik Samachar, will be to enhance the Army's operational readiness and ensure modernization.But with around 100 modernization projects for artillery, air defence, night-fighting, aviation and the like currently stuck at different levels, he will need to learn a lesson or two from the Navy and IAF on how to revamp his procurement wings as well as push projects through the labyrinths of South Block.The Army, incidentally, has itself calculated it would need around Rs 41,000 crore just to make up its existing shortfalls in ammunition and equipment. The force, in fact, will take several years to reach 100% operational capability despite the critical need to \"enhance the combat ratio versus China\" and \"upgrade the combat edge against Pakistan\", as also cater for the worst-case contingency of a simultaneous two-front war.Another key priority will be to \"strengthen the Army's work culture and the core values, namely duty, honour, loyalty, integrity, respect and selfless service\", Gen Bikram Singh said.This again will take some doing since the Army's once-pristine image has taken a huge battering in recent times, with the violent clash between officers and jawans of an artillery regiment in Nyoma sector in eastern Ladakh in early-May only serving to reinforce the declining standards of discipline and leadership in the force.\"We have to focus on effective human resource management to ensure high standards of motivation and morale among all ranks,\" Gen Bikram Singh said. He will certainly have to show \"tact, dexterity and large-heartedness\" to heal the fissures which have erupted both within the Army as well as between the force and the civilian leadership, say insiders.Literally, the task before Gen Bikram Singh is \"transformation\". Gen V K Singh did begin \"transforming\" the poor teeth-to-tail ratio Army into \"an agile, lethal, versatile and net-worked force\". But it got derailed during his contentious tenure. Gen Bikram Singh will have to kick-start it, without recriminations and bad blood, to effectively meet the challenges ahead before he retires in July 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13684726", "title": "World Environment Day 2012: Let's pledge to make earth a better place", "text": "NEW DELHI: Let's pledge to make earth a better place to live in. To spread this message and create awareness among the public, World Environment Day (WED) 2012 is the right time to initiate solutions on environmental issues.World Environment Day or popularly known as Environmental Day is observed every year on June 5 to promote awareness on the importance of preserving our biodiversity. It also aims to identify issues related to environment and ways to take corrective action.Hence to make the world a better place, many countries across the world have enacted laws to fight against the raising environmental issues.The idea behind such awareness programmes is to use Environmental Day as a strong and effective platform in protecting the environment and finding solutions for a sustainable living.Every year, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) selects a theme to observe World Environment Day, which also draws the attention for the need for an effective ecosystem management.World Environment Day is observed with great enthusiasm by organising scores of activities with the support of governments, groups and individuals. The programmes share the ideas to tackle environmental challenges that include natural disasters, global warming and toxic substances.The theme for World Environment Day 2012 is Green Economy: Does it include you? In this theme, there are two parts: first, emphasizes the subject of the Green Economy to draw the attention of the people. The UN Environment Programme explains the theme the 'Green Economy' as a call to people in reducing environmental risks and carbon.Throughout the years, the UNEP has remained successful in creating awareness across the world and as a result people have started living in concord with technology enjoying a better lifestyle.However there are also irreversible changes and to control such threats, World Environment Day can play a vital role. So, lets extend our full support to Environment Day 2012 to protect the forests, rivers and habitats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679099", "title": "2G scam: Court allows Behura, others to go abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam have been allowed by a special CBI court to go abroad in June for varying reasons.Special CBI judge O P Saini granted permission to former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura , Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa, DB Hospitality (P) Ltd's vice-chairman-cum-MD Vinod Goenka, Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables director Asif Balwa, Cineyug Films director Karim Morani and Unitech Ltd MD Sanjay Chandra to go abroad.The court asked all the accused, except Behura, to furnish a bond of Rs 20 lakh each before taking up their respective foreign jaunts. For Behura, the court fixed the bond at Rs 5 lakh, as he is a \"retired public servant\".Behura had sought permission to visit his daughter in Bangkok and also travel to Hong Kong between June 9 and June 30 while Shahid and Asif Balwa's counsel Vijay Aggarwal told the court that the accused wished to perform religious pilgrimage in Mecca during the same period.Sanjay Chandra wished to travel to Hong Kong and Shanghai between June 10 and June 16 and also visit Italy, Spain and Turkey between June 22 to July 1 to attend to business matters. Karim Morani had sought the court's permission to travel to London and Amsterdam on medical grounds from June 11 to June 29.In his plea, Vinod Goenka said he had to attend important business meetings in London had sought the court's permission to visit the UK from June 14 to June 29.\"The six accused are facing trial in a very serious matter and it is incumbent upon them to be available... for facing trial. However, at the same time, travelling is a natural incident of human life and should not normally be denied without any valid reason,\" the court said while allowing their pleas.Meanwhile, DMK MP Kanimozhi too has moved court for permission to visit her native state Tamil Nadu on the occasion of the birthday of her father and party patriarch M Karunanidhi on June 3. Kanimozhi's plea is likely to be heard on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13681453", "title": "CPM seeks public support against petrol price hike", "text": "TRICHY: Taking strong exception to the petroleum price hike, G Ramakrishnan, state secretary of the CPM, has said the Central government can never justify the steep hike that impinged on the poor. Ramakrishnan, who was in the city on Wednesday, met reporters to appeal to the public to extend their support to the nationwide general strike called by the Left parties against the petroleum price hike on Thursday.The Central government steeply increased petroleum price when the price of crude oil had declined in the international market from $124 to $117 per barrel. Both the Central and State governments imposed tax of more than 45 percent per litre of petrol, he said.He lashed out at the UPA government for attributing the price hike to the depreciation of the rupee. Ramakrishnan said the rupee had depreciated to an all-time low owing to the UPA's economic policies. People should think about the hardships they have undergone and extend support to the nationwide strike. On the by-election to the Pudukkottai Assembly constituency, he said their party would back the DMDK candidate and campaign from the first week of June, highlighting the inefficiencies of the state government. Unless the state government cracked the whip on the Karnataka government to implement the orders of the Supreme Court on sharing Cauvery waters, the problem could not be solved, he added.On the Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) contractual employees strike, he said talks with the regional labour commissioner did not reach a conclusion. The report should be sent to the chief labour commissioner in Delhi for further intervention. Moreover, the state government should also work towards bringing in an amicable solution, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13679357", "title": "90 NMC employees shortlisted for disaster management cell", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik municipal corporation's (NMC's) disaster management cell has shortlisted 90 employees for a 24-hour service cell during the monsoon season.However, this year, since there is a shortage of 110 employees, and the cell would start functioning from June 7 this year instead of June 1.The disaster management cell that is mainly involved in tasks such as clearing clogged water areas, managing fallen trees and rendering help to citizens during monsoon-related calamities, has shortlisted 90 employees for this year in its 24 hours service.\"The 24-hour disaster management cell that begins its work from June 1 every year will start functioning in June 7 this year. The employees will be given a day's training before the cell is fully operational this monsoon,\" season starts functioning said Archana Mankar, project manager of the NMC's disaster management cell.NMC officials said that the delay in the operation of the cell this year was due to the civic elections and the shortlisting of staff for octroi collection at the NMC, but added that the disaster management cell is confident of managing things even if they are lagging behind their schedule by a week.Till last year, 200 employees used to be deployed round-the-clock at the cell for the 24-hour disaster management. These employees used to work in three shifts for an eight-hour period. This year the department is short by 110 employees. \"Two employees manage one shift. Thus when there were 200 employees one employee's turn came only once in a month. Now with 90 employees, the only thing is that each employee will be working twice a month,\" Mankar said.She sees this as a good opportunity for employees to get experience in disaster management because the coordination would now be better understood.\"Earlier when their turn came only once in a month the employee had to grasp everything afresh the following month,\" she said.Also, this year employees have been shortlisted mainly from Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, which is NMC's headquarters rather than from all the offices of the municipal corporation.\"Many NMC employees have been shortlisted for octroi collection which is why we have fewer employees and mainly those from Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan (where the NMC is headquartered),\" Mankar added. She said that the employees who have to work during holidays will be given a compensatory off. One assistant engineer and one senior clerk, as well as officials from public works department and storm water drainage will also be assigned disaster management tasks relating to disaster management.\"SMS alert swill be sent to those residing in low lying areas. A contact number will also be given to citizens to get in touch with us in case if and when they face a monsoon emergency this season. The number will operational 24 hours as will staff at the disaster management cell. The EOC (emergency operation centre) is 9423981388 and 0253-2222413 that will be available for 24 hours,\" she informed.The NMC keeps getting information about water levels during monsoon from the irrigation department and incharge of the dam and the cell will function accordingly.\"There are 21 slums on river banks. People are not ready to leave their homes when disaster strikes. Last year we had conducted lectures and street plays to create awareness, we are planning to do the same again,\" Mankar said.Emergency operation centre: 9423981388/ 0253-2222413 available for 24 hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681242", "title": "Rs 36 lakh of fee for judges to fix case, HC told", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A litigant at the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday alleged that his counsel had charged Rs 38 lakh from him, out of which Rs 36 lakh was to be paid to the judges for settling a case in his favour.Taking a strong note of the matter, division bench comprising Justice Rajive Bhalla and Justice R K Jain of the HC issued show cause notice to advocate Satvinder Singh Sisodia, asking him why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against him for the alleged act. The bench has also asked Sisodia to make a statement before the registrar (vigilance), if he wishes or file an affidavit on June 1, when the matter comes up for hearing.The matter surfaced before the high court when Darshan Singh , a resident of Tajalpur village in Patiala district informed the bench that he had engaged Sisodia as his counsel in a case related to dispute of some land in 2009. He alleged that Sisodia charged Rs 38 lakh from him, saying he would arrange the case to be fixed in his favor but did nothing. Visibly surprised, Justice Bhalla immediately recorded the statement of the litigant in writing and got it signed.The court also asked senior advocate Anupam Gupta to assist it. On the suggestion of bench for registration of case and inquiry by Chandigarh Police, Gupta asserted that to inquire into such matters, strong shoulders are required, which the police of Chandigarh as well as Punjab and Haryana do not have.\"It is almost double the amount than the Rs 15 lakh found at the doorstep (of a judge) and were meant for Justice Nirmal Yadav,\" Anupam submitted.However, when Sisodia was called by the court, he termed the allegations as baseless and cited medical reasons for not appearing in the case. High court bar association president K S Dhaliwal said that they had also received a complaint from the litigants in writing against the advocate but cannot interfere now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679546", "title": "Police finally install CCTV camera at CID junction", "text": "BANGALORE: Public criticism over defunct CCTV cameras at traffic junctions which couldn't provide clues to nab the killers of government auditor SP Mahantesh has finally spurred them into action. Police will now install a new CCTV camera at the CID Junction on Palace Road a few metres from where he was attacked as well as 69 other locations. The CCTV cameras on the route of the car used by Mahantesh's killer had provided blurred images, making it difficult for police to trace them.The footage from the CCTV cameras at the junction ahead of the spot where Mahatesh was attacked has been returned to the city after digital mastering. The visuals were not clear due to rain and police officers had spotted a car tailing Mahantesh's car in the footage. \"The video is much clearer now and we have some vital clues. We don't want to reveal them as theyr're important for the investigation,\" said an officer.MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police, traffic, said traffic police installed these cameras primarily for traffic management and crime detection was an advantage. \"The new cameras will be of better quality. The cameras already installed worked perfectly for a long time but now we need to upgrade them. We're working on not video quality but sorting out problems with network transfer of these feeds,\" said Saleem.With the new cameras, the entire process will be given to one company with end-to-end service capability. \"Currently, we have three companies taking care of cameras, network connectivity and storage. This leads to lack of coordination and disruption in traffic monitoring. We want one company to install, run and service the entire network,\" he said.Sources in the police department said the law &amp; order wing of the police department should not depend on traffic police for cameras. \"Funds have been sanctioned and it's with Karnataka Police Housing Corporation for purchase of CCTV cameras for crime detection. Why are they still depending on traffic cameras? In important areas, there should cameras installed by law &amp; order police exclusively for crime detection or security planning,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680495", "title": "Railways depriving loco drivers of sleep", "text": "NEW DELHI: The next time you board a train, spare a thought for its driver. He could well be doing duty for the past 15 nights.Ironically, there is no upper limit in the railways rulebook on the number of night duties to be done by the engine crew despite data from major rail accidents pointing to the fact that most mishaps take place between early night and late morning.The weekly rest provisions for locomotive drivers are vague. These talk of giving drivers a 30-hour rest four times or 22-hour rest five times in a calendar month. But the provisions are silent on the gap between two rests.Faced with a severe staff shortage, coupled with the fact that most trains run also during night hours, railways is being forced to put most of its drivers on night duty for long periods.As of now, around 60,000 loco drivers are running more than 19,000 trains as there is a 20% vacancy in the 82,000 sanctioned posts.The dangers of such a situation are obvious. For instance, the engine crew roster for Hampi Express which collided with a stationary train suggests that the driver had run 23 trains in 19 days of which 12 were full-night, three half-night and seven full-day duties. This means the driver had undisturbed sleep in only seven days in the past three weeks.The crew roster for Kanpur shows that a driver has to run 16 trains in 15 days, of which 15 are full-night. Under the rules, they are not allowed to break for food, refreshment or answer nature's call during duty hours.Though railways has blamed 'human error' on the part of drivers for recent train accidents, the increasing number of deaths on rail tracks has exposed the glaring negligence in safety measures, including a large number of vacancies for loco pilots.The drivers' association claimed that around 3,000 drivers are stationary as they are assigned petty clerical or personal assistant jobs and 4,000-5,000 are medically unfit. Indian Railway Loco Running Men Organisation accused the management of making a scapegoat of drivers, and said the real culprits were the unjust duty hours.Times ViewAll talk of introducing modern technology to enhance safety in the railways seems farcical given the fact that even something as basic as ensuring adequate rest for the men behind the machines is so callously neglected. Considering that the lives of lakhs of passengers who travel by the railways every day is in the hands of these loco drivers, their remaining alert at all times is crucial. That can hardly be expected if they are fatigued and sleep deprived. Safety apart, there is the issue of the right of the loco drivers to decent working conditions. Surely the government that lays down labour norms for all should at the very least ensure that its own entities provide decent working conditions. Clearly, the vacancies need to be filled, the sooner the better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13679310", "title": "Hospitals fail to implement fire safety norms, skip deadline", "text": "NASHIK: Government, municipal and private hospitals in the city seem to have given a cold shoulder to the deadline set by the fire department to follow fire-safety norms.Though a month has passed by since the deadline issued by the fire department of Nashik municipal corporation to hospitals to abide by the fire safety norms expired, the civic authority has not moved an inch to set things in place even as a minor incident of fire was reported in a hospital, only recently. The deadline to implement fire-safety norms, according to the Maharashtra Life Safety Prevention Act, was April 30.Against the backdrop of the fire incident in Kolkata in December 2011, the directorate of the health services of the state Maharashtra government decided to review on whether if hospitals were following the necessary safety norms.However, in Nashik nearly 90% per cent of all the multi-storey hospitals, including those the ones run by the government, were flouting the rules.Subsequently, a majority of hospitals like SuyashHospital, Saibaba Heart Institute, Magnum Heart Institute, Raje Bahadur, Sujata Birla, Shatabdi Hospital and also the Civil Hospital, Nashik Municipal Corporation's Bytco hospital, Indira Gandhi , Hospital, Zakir Hussain Hospital, the Super Specialty Hospital at Shalimar, NDMVP Hospital, Ayurved Seva Sangh Hospital at Panchavati and the ESIC Hospital at Satpur, were issued notices to comply by the fire norms according to the as per Maharashtra Life Safety and Prevention Act.The hospitals were given time until April 30 to take steps and implement mandatory safety norms. However, none of these organizations, including the concerned civic department has taken interest in setting things right for the safety of patients and their kin present within the hospitals.The issue came to fore again when a minor fire broke out at Kilbil Hospital on Old Agra Road. Shedding light on the proposed course of action, the fire department is taking, chief fire officer Anil Mahajan said informedthat according to him the chief minister had made a statement in the Assembly to give such hospitals time till May 31 and any action has possibly not been taken because the Code of Conduct was in force.He however, said that many hospitals, hotels and restaurants have been set up in the city in residential buildings, basements, etc which are against the development control rules of the municipal corporation and without the permission of civic authorities.Meanwhile, medical practitioners say that they cannot implement the fire norms all of a sudden and would need sufficient time for the same.They also said that if the NMC started taking action against such hospitals which are in majority, it would crumble the medical service in the city as among the hospitals not abiding by the fire norms also include the civil hospital, the super special-ty hospital and almost all the municipal corporation hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679132", "title": "Nagpur University wants to withdraw FIR on paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: In an apparent attempt to save its own and its employees' skin, Nagpur University on Wednesday decided to withdraw the police complaint lodged in connection with leak of BCCA question paper first exposed by TOI on April 22 blaming cops for not establishing whether leak took place or not.Responding to the move, DCP Zone-I Kailas Kanse told TOI that FIR, once registered, can't be withdrawn at will considering the offence was cognizable and that NU authorities would have plead their case in court for withdrawing the complaint. Sources disclosed the decision to withdraw the plaint was taken by the Board of Examinations (BoE) that met on Wednesday after a demand came from vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal.The members from Baban Taywade group supported the demand while others opposed it alleging that NU administration was trying to brush the issue under the carpet and save its officials who might be involved in the paper leak.\"A majority of BoE members were in favour of withdrawing the FIR as police investigations had failed to progress much. We came to conclusion that it was not a paper leak but a mischief played by someone,\" controller of examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane told TOI. He justified the move stating that it was almost one and half months since they lodged FIR with Sitabuldi police but cops failed to reach any conclusion. \"How much longer we are supposed to wait as future of students is at stake? I was in regular touch with police but absolutely no progress has been made,\" he added.Taywade, whose group members had supported the administration, refused to comment citing VC's gag orders on speaking to media. His group members including science dean KC Deshmukh and even commerce dean Bharat Meghe, who himself received the mail of leaked paper a day earlier and who had confirmed the leak to the media, changed his stance. These members now termed the leak as mere \"guessing\".Sources however added that three BoE members - engineering dean Ravi Kshirsagar, law dean Anjali Hastak , and pharmacy dean Pramod Yeole opposed the move. In fact, they had even dispatched a dissent note during May 19 meeting to the VC requesting him not to rush with declaring results of leaked paper as it would benefit the wrong doers. \"There was a palpable and definite undercurrent in the meeting to declare the result and thereby pre-empt the entire issue,\" their note stated.DCP Kanse and PSI Mangesh Mohod who is investigating the case, didn't rule out the possibility of NU insider's hand in paper leak. \"The NU authorities were absolutely not cooperating. Simply lodging FIR is not enough, you have to check your own system for loopholes. They were not even telling us leads from where we should proceed in investigations. Now, they are blaming us instead plugging their own loopholes,\" Kanse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684010", "title": "Russell Brand 'wants to be cut from Katy Perry movie'", "text": "Russell Brand asked that any footage involving his relationship with Katy Perry not to feature in the final edit of her new film, it has emerged.The comedian - who filed for divorce from Katy last December - requested that scenes in her concert movie 'Part of Me' would not focus on their marriage, which has since failed.The 27-year-old singer reportedly spoke to producers about accommodating his wishes, but ultimately decided the film wouldn't flow without having snippets of their life together on screen.However things apparently came to a head a few days ago, when Russell called Katy to see what had made the final cut.\"When she first decided to make the movie in 2010, Russell agreed to be filmed on the condition he got to see the final edit,\" a source told the Sun.\"Being a fly-on-the-wall documentary, he knew full well that it was going to be warts and all - and wasn't best comfortable with that. But Katy persuaded him to do it.\"Now they have broken up, she can keep whatever she wants in the film,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13683742", "title": "Bharat Bandh hits normal life in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The bandh called by NDA and Left parties to protest the steep hike in petrol prices today disrupted normal life in parts of BJP-ruled Karnataka where bandh supporters set on fire three buses and stoned about a dozen others forcing authorities to withdraw bus services in the city.According to initial reports received here, the bandh evoked good response in several districts. Public transport was hit and shops and business establishments remained shut in several parts of the state. Holiday has been declared for schools and colleges today in view of the bandh.In stray incidents of violence targeting state-run buses, some persons torched three Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) buses in the small hours and stoned about a dozen forcing the authorities to withdraw bus services.While a bus was set on fire on Roopena Agrahara, two others were torched in K.R. Puram and fire force rushed to the spot and extinguished the fire, police said.In the wake of stray incidents of stone pelting, BMTC suspended city bus services till this evening.As a precaution, Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) also suspended services in some districts such as Kolar, Ramangara, Chikkaballapur, Hubli-Dharwad and Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13679768", "title": "Narendra Modi woos Muslims, conditionally", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Even as harping on his well-known phrase \"appeasement of none, development for all\", chief minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday told a gathering of BJP Muslim cadres in Gandhinagar that the minorities have seen all-round development in the state under his government. While not recalling the 2002 riots even once, Modi read out statistics to prove how the Muslims in the state were on fast pace of development compared to what was the case earlier.Called by the state BJP's minority cell, Modi told the 200-odd gathering, many of whom had put on saffron scarves, that recent local body electoral victories of the BJP suggest the Muslims had realized that things were changing for the better under his regime. \"We made major inroads in one of the bastions a very senior Congress leader in Ankaleshwar taluka,\" he said, referring to a recent bypoll victory in the South Gujarat taluka, where from Sonia Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel hails.Modi told the meeting, which took place in the presence of all-India BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, that in Bharuch district today 25 per cent of all transport business is under Muslim control. Reading out from a piece of paper handed over to him, he added, \"Muslims have been the net gainers from 30 per cent of all real estate deals in district. And, 47 per cent of all non-agricultural (NA) permissions have been granted to Muslims in the district.\" Ankaleshwar is part of Bharuch district.Modi further said, at the last Rannotsav, which is a tourist event each winter, Rs 2 crore worth of handicrafts were on display for sale. \"Eighty per cent of what was displayed was made by Muslim women. We never asked where from the art pieces had come\", he said, even as taking issue with those who criticize him for failing to implement the Central directions on pre-matric scholarship to Muslim children. \"We have given way pre-matric scholarship worth Rs 63 lakh\", he said.Asking Muslim BJP cadres to go to the minority areas and convince everyone that under him the minorities are \"safe\", Modi however made no assurance on whether he would give ticket to any Muslim at the forthcoming polls. Last time a Muslim was given BJP ticket was in the 1998 assembly elections by ex-CM Keshubhai Patel - to Ghani Kureshi to fight from Vagra in Bharuch district. Kureshi lost the election to Congress' Iqbal Patel. Talking with newspersons on the sidelines of the meeting, Naqvi said, he \"hoped\" the BJP will field some Muslim candidates in the forthcoming assembly elections in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680758", "title": "Bharat Bandh call expected to evoke poor response", "text": "CHENNAI: The nation-wide strike called by the NDA and Left parties on Thursday to condemn the hike in petrol price is unlikely to have much impact in Tamil Nadu with the state government taking steps to ensure maintenance of all essential supplies and services to the people.However, autorickshaws might go off the roads as most of the drivers are affiliated to leftist trade unions.Though a few milk dealers have supported the strike, sources in the state-owned Aavin said that measures have been taken to ensure uninterrupted milk supply.\"We have made all arrangements to have enough stock of milk in our parlours and outlets to ensure that the public will not be affected,\" a senior Aavin official said. Government sources assured that all hospitals and public transport will function as usual.\"The full fleet will be pressed into service in the city as well as across the state,\" an official from transport department said.Police sources said additional personnel have been deployed at sensitive areas across the state to curb any untoward incidents.Meanwhile, BJP state unit president Pon Radhakrishnan has appealed to all the political parties, commercial establishments and people of the state to support the bandh.In a release, he said that since the hike in petrol price will test the patience of the people reeling under high inflation, the party had called for a nation-wide strike to condemn the UPA government move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13684389", "title": "Anonymous plans protest in India against website bans on June 9", "text": "CHENNAI: Protests over blocking of websites are likely to become strident with hacktivist group Anonymous planning demonstrations in 11 cities on June 9 for restoring internet freedom. The group had targeted government sites and corporate websites after several file and link sharing sites were blocked by authorities and internet service providers (ISPs) recently.Soon, it announced 'occupy' protests in various cities on social networking sites Facebook and Twitter. The FB pages of the 'occupy' protests and Twitter pages of Anonymous are gaining support from netizens with many signing up to reach venues wearing Guy Fawkes masks. \"Internet is the only free media we have. Censoring it will mean that free speech is not possible any more,\" a member of Anonymous told in an online chat.If the curbs on internet are not lifted, there will be more attacks on government sites, the group said. \"Most of them will be internet-based, but we will protest on the ground if need be,\" said another member. Just like the 'occupy movement' in the US, which started as 'Occupy Wall Street' and then spread to more than 20 locations, this could also become bigger if the curbs are not lifted, the member said.Emphasising that the protests will be peaceful and no harm will be done to public, the group said that they targeted the website of Trinamool Congress recently because a professor was arrested for sharing a cartoon on Mamata Banerjee. \"A democratic government doesn't have to fear us,\" a member said. \"We are protesting to show that people can unite without anything in common and move towards a common cause,\" they said. As for their identity, another member said: \"We do not have a country, a face, a name or even an identity. We represent only our cause.\"Asked if they fear a crackdown by the authorities, the group said, \"They can't stop the protests. Peaceful protest is our fundamental right. Their reaction is always for their benefit, they don't take any action for the people. If they fear us, they will try their best.\" Protests will be held in Mumbai, New Delhi, Chandigarh, Indore, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kochi, Kozhikode, Nagpur and Pune. Chennai and a city in Uttar Pradesh are likely to join.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679473", "title": "Out-of-school Muslim kids rise in 12 states: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's boast of being a world class city starts to ring hollow when it comes to social indices, especially education. Studies show that the number of out-of-school Muslim children has increased from zero to 46,073 in the capital between 2005 and 2009. Delhi is joined by 12 states including Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttarakhand in this hall of shame.This comes at a time when the average out-of-school Muslim children have come down from 9.97% in 2005 to 7.6% in 2009.A study done by International Marketing Research Bureau (IMRB) for the HRD ministry to assess the number of out-of-school children found that the estimated number between ages of 6-13 years declined from 134.6 lakh in 2005 to 81.5 lakh in 2009. Of these, the number of out of school Muslim children have come down from 22.5 lakh to 18.7 lakh in the same period. However, in Delhi, the number of children out of school increased from none in 2005 to 46,073 in 2009.Uttar Pradesh saw a sharp increase in the four year period from 7.8 lakh students out of school to 10.4 lakh. In Uttarakhand, the number increased from 1,161 to 35,353 while in Rajasthan, Muslim children who were not in school increased from 26,671 to 38,360.In Arunachal Pradesh the number of children out of school jumped from none to 357 while in Chhattisgarh the number increased from zero to 1,045. Gujarat witnessed a hike from 19,678 to 26,285 students while Jharkhand also recorded an increase of 2,798 to 18,167 Muslim children who were not enrolled in school. Meghalaya, Tripura and Puducherry also saw an increase in numbers.Concerned over this trend and a lack of qualified Urdu teachers, the HRD ministry has set the National Monitoring Committee for Minorities Education and five sub-committees on girl's education, promotion of Urdu language, mapping of educational requirements of Muslim minorities and implementation of schemes aimed for minorities. The reports are expected within 3 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13684373", "title": "Ex-Microsoft employees create algorithm for perfect-fitting bra", "text": "NEW YORK: US entrepreneurs, including one of Indian-origin, announced the launch of online bra shop True and Co, where finding your best fit is based on a carefully crafted algorithm, on Wednesday.Aarthi Ramamurthy and Michelle Lam, two former Microsoft employees, claim to have cracked the code to finding the perfect bra, and it doesn't involve standing half-naked in front of a stranger.\"The bra shopping experience is one of the most uncomfortable shopping experiences out there,\" the New York Daily News quoted Lam as saying\"I was trying on 20 different bras looking for a strapless bra for an occasion, and literally only one worked. The question that came to my mind was, why did it take 20 bras and did that measuring tape thing they did for me even matter?\" she said.The women, who met through the startup community in the Bay Area, decided to join Ramamurthy's background as a developer with Lam's experience in e-commerce to craft a more scientific and enjoyable approach to the problem.\"We went to bra fitting after bra fitting and spoke to experts, and the best ones didn't use measuring tape.\"They had these unwritten rules where they could look at a woman's body and say, we think this would be best. We were able to take these rules and distill them into code,\" Lam said.True and Co customers are asked to fill out a two-minute online survey, answering questions on a range of factors including breast shape and problems with their current undergarments.The algorithm then produces a page of custom recommendations and allows shoppers to choose three bras to test, while the True and Co experts choose two \"mystery\" bras based on the customer's answers to the quiz.These five bras are shipped for free so women can try them on at home and decide what works. Everything on the site is priced at 45 dollars, including high-end brands like Calvin Klein and Natori.\"The whole idea is to wrap some really complicated technology into a very simple online quiz to make it fun for women,\" Lam said,And the more you use it, the better it's supposed to get - the algorithm learns from what you accept and reject and adapts to offer different, even more accurate selections.Deepa Subramanian, 34, had jumped at the chance to beta test the service in March and skip \"the misery of bra shopping.\"\"It was a revelation,\" she said.\"It fits like a second skin - like someone custom-tailored it for me. I've never had that happen in my life,\" she added.True and Co maintains its algorithm is driven by expertise, and offers a customer service hotline for women who need offline help.The company debuted its service at a tech conference in California on Wednesday, announcing it has raised 2 million dollars in a first round of funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679914", "title": "Small town students fetch big marks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Breaking the trend of the last few years of the dominance of students of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack in the top-20 list, students of small towns have excelled in the plus-II exam this year.Though Soumya Sandipa, a student of BJB Junior College has topped in the state, the college, which had as many as 20 positions in the top-20 science list last year, has only three students this year in the top-20 list. Principal of the college S Mohanty said, \"We will definitely analyze the review and find out why this year the result is not so good. Since I was not the principal last year, I cant not say much about it.\"Saraswati Vidyamandira of Nilakantha Nagar, which achieved cent percent pass percentage in Plus II examination in the last four years, this year too all students of the college passed in science and commerce streams. There were 256 students in science and in 64 in commerce. Six science students and one commerce student from the college grabbed places in the top twenty lists, said principal of the college S Mohan Rao .\"Dedication of the faculty members, discipline in the institute, systematic teaching and above all guidance from our management committee are reasons behind our good performance\" he said.A Cuttack-based private residential college has hogged the limelight after the publication of Plus II results on Wednesday. Students of the private institution, Kalinga Bharati Residential College, have bagged seven positions, including the top rank, in the top 20 commerce list, while two students of the institute have grabbed 7th and 17th positions in the science stream. Priyabrata Barik of the college topped the commerce stream. K. Subham Subudhi and Abhisek Dash of the college secured third and fifth positions respectively. Four other studentsare in the top 20 list.\"I worked really hard for the exam and was expecting a rank in the top-20 list. My hard work paid off ,\" said Priyabrata, who has secured 562 out of 600 and aspires to become a chartered accountant.One student each from Choudwar College, JKBK College and G. Sc College, Athagarh have also grabbed positions in the top-20 list.Students of Vikash Junior College, Bargarh, excelled this year in science stream with three students of the institution getting rank in top twenty. Deepak Sahu, Swetapadma Pradhan and Chandan kumar Dash of the college brought glory to the institution by securing 12th, 13th and 17th positions respectively.Gangadhar Meher college of Sambalpur, Jagabandhu Dash Women's College of Kadalipali in Balangir and NICE College of Commerce in Balangir have also done well in the examination. Sanhita Panigrahi of Juvodaya Junior College, Balangir, secured 2nd position in science.(With inputs from Cuttack, Berhampur and Sambalpur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683101", "title": "Deepika's escapade gives producer the jitters", "text": "Cocktails are said to bring out one's wild side. And thus, working in a film titled Cocktail, Deepika Padukone got a bit more adventurous than her normal self.In fact, when her trysts started bordering on dangerous, co-producer Dinesh Vijan of Illuminati Films, had to warn her and ask her to stay away from such things till the shoot got over. It so happened that after shooting for a song all night for Homi Adajania's Cocktail in Capetown , Deepika decided to drive out to the beach early in the morning. And on reaching the sea, she instantly decided to set off on a Great White Shark cage dive with her director. But what looked like fun from the sand, transformed into a task at sea. When contacted, Homi told , \"Once out in the ocean, we got into a pretty unconvincing cage with these massive white sharks brushing and bumping against it. The water was freezing. We had to wear tight hoodies that made us look like muppets. But Deepika is something else. She enjoys confronting her fears and never hesitates to jump into the deep end.\" Apparently, while shooting for the song Tum Hi Ho Bandhu in Capetown, Deepika and Homi would just take off for impromptu adventures. When Dinesh came to know about this, he as the producer of the film got worried about either of them getting injured. When contacted, Dinesh laughed and said, \"Homi is a very unpredictable guy and he made both my actresses jump out of a plane. So we warned him that until our shoot is wrapped up, he'd have to keep his feet on the ground.\" To this Homi simply said, \" I really wanted the producers to jump as well...but without parachutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680553", "title": "Special Economic Zone issue: Chief minister says he wants to clean up Goa Industrial development Corporation", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Industrial development Corporation (GIDC)'s first board meeting after constitution of the new panel will discuss the issue of filing a police complaint against former CM and speaker Pratapsingh Rane , former industries minister Luizinho Faleiro and former GIDC chairman Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar among others, in the SEZ scam .Speaking to media persons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who will head the GIDC said, \"I assure you that I will take up this issue at the first board meeting, and let the board decide and file the complain.\"Claiming that the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) scam is to the tune of over 400 crore, Parrikar had lodged a complaint with then director general of police Aditya Arya to file a first information report (FIR) against Rane, Faleiro Kavlekar and others. \"Let the GIDC file the same complaint with the documents they have, to the police\", added Parrikar, adding that his personal complaint can be a official complaint. \"Why should I file a private complaint,\" he reasoned.Parrikar also said that the reason he appointed himself as the chairman of GIDC was to bring the corporation back to proper shape and to make it functional.The chief minister also said that the government has three options to change the SEZ land. One is going to court (which is already in progress), second is to file a criminal investigation, and third, to go for transparent across the table negotiations. \"But no SEZs. I am very clear about that. The rest of the land can be given to them and they can use it as per the approved industrial plan\", he said.He also said that there are many people in the GIDC involved in scams and all those will be taken to task. He added that said by end of July, the GIDC will in a transparent manner advertise the plots available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685390", "title": "\u2018Manam Kothi Paravai\u2019 marks Ezhil\u2019s comeback", "text": "Director Ezhil has a reputation in the industry of making 'clean' films sans needless violence. His last film was Deepavali which starred 'Jayam' Ravi and Bhavana in the lead and released in the year 2007. After a self-imposed hiatus, the director is back in action and has launched Manam Kothi Paravai (MKP).The film not only marks Ezhil's comeback as a director but it also has him as one of the producers. Despite the good name he has earned in the film industry after directing the likes of Vijay, Ajith and 'Jayam' Ravi, Ezhil is a level-headed person with no starry airs around him. Ask him why he chose to become one of the producers and pat comes the reply.\"I have always believed that 'script' is the real hero of the film. I liked the script of MKP very much and decided to try producing the film,\" says Ezhil. The film has the popular television host Sivakarthikeyan as the hero. Siva, known for his witty one-liners and his ability to trap others (verbally, though), kept the entire Unit in splits during the shooting there by making the film-making process a lot easier.Ravi Mariah, who plays the villain in the film, endorses the view. \"After I completed a violent sequence wherein I had to indulge in a bloody fight, Siva casually said something which drastically took away the tension created by the sequence,\" says Ravi. Siva also revealed that he had an emotional touch to this film as Deepavali was the first film he watched 4 years ago soon after passing the 'audition test' on a television channel.\"To be starring in the same director's film now as hero is really satisfying and emotionally draining,\" says Siva who also has Marina directed by Pandiraj as his other film.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "13680016", "title": "Myanmar can be link between India, China: PM", "text": "YANGON: Looking to quell speculation about India and China taking their rivalry to gas-rich Myanmar, PM Manmohan Singh said the country was perfectly placed to play the role of an economic bridge between China and India. While Indian officials have often described Myanmar as India's gateway to Asean countries, this is the first time Myanmar has been spoken about by the government as a link between India and China.While China alone accounts for more than 70% of investments into Myanmar, India stands at the 13th position in terms of its investments into the country. Despite its attempts to play a larger economic role there, India continues to be looked upon as a Johnny-come-lately whose infrastructure projects, including the ambitious Kaladan multimodal transport facility, have hardly taken off. On the other hand, Beijing is even building a gas pipeline from Myanmar to China.\"Myanmar is a critical partner in India's Look East policy and is perfectly situated to play the role of an economic bridge between India and China and between South and South-East Asia,\" Singh said at a think-tank in Yangon at the end of his visit to Myanmar.While the focus seemed to have shifted to Indian investments by the private sector with a team of CEOs visiting Myanmar simultaneously, Singh spoke at length about India's government-backed projects, including the much talked about road to Thailand. \"We have agreed to cooperate in a number of road building projects. I hope that the very symbolic trilateral highway that will connect India, Myanmar and Thailand can be fully built by 2016,\" he said.India is implementing the Kaladan multimodal transport project that involves upgrading the Sittwe port in Myanmar and constructing a highway to connect the town of Paletwa in Chin state to the Indian border in Mizoram state. \"This flagship project will revitalize the economy of the area and link it with important commercial and shipping arteries. We hope to complete it by 2015,\" he said, adding that the trade volume between them too would cross the $3 billion mark by 2015.During his visit, Singh also visited the Bahadur Shah Zafar Mausoleum, where he donated $100,000 and Shwedagon Pagoda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13680764", "title": "17-year-old Mayem girl commits suicide", "text": "Archana Madhukar Pednekar, 17, from Chinchbhatwadi in Mayem committed suicide by consuming poison on Monday night, informed the Bicholim police. According to PSI Dhirendra Naik, the deceased took the extreme step in the wee hours when there was no one around. The reason behind the suicide is unknown. PSI Naik is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Ninad Deulkar and DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai.Silver, cash stolen from Mandrem temple: Unknown persons effected entry into the Siddhivinayak temple at Naikwada in Mandrem on Tuesday night and decamped with a silver idol of Lord Ganesh and other valuables amounting to Rs 80,000. The temple authorities have lodged a complaint at the Pernem police station.Goa Tax on Luxuries Act amended: An ordinance has been promulgated amending the Goa Tax on Luxuries Act 1988 seeking to levy luxury tax for services provided in AC beauty parlours, spa or health spa and health clubs whose turnover is more than Rs 5 lakh per annum. The ordinance promulgated by the governor has been published in the official gazette. In his budget speech, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said that the services provided in parlours and spas would be covered under luxury tax at the rate of 10%.CM, Bardez MLAs, N Goa MP felicitated: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, Bardez MLAs and the North Goa MP were felicitated by self-help groups (SHG) of the Bardez taluka on Wednesday. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar, North Goa MP Shripad Naik, urban development minister Francis D'Souza, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, MLAs Glen Ticlo, Michael Lobo and Kiran Kandolkar were felicitated by the 117 SHGs at the Mapusa Residency hall in Mapusa. Speaking at the gathering, Parrikar said that he will try and bring all the self help group in the state under a federation. Parrikar also said that his government is also ready to lower the price of kerosene, provided that sufficient quota is provided from the Centre. All the 17 women sarpanchas from the taluka were also felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679692", "title": "World No Tobacco Day: Activist raise pitch against meddling in tobacco-control policies", "text": "PUNE: Strategies used by the tobacco industry to dilute, delay and prevent tobacco-control policies must be tackled aggressively, say anti-tobacco activists.\"Ever since 1998, when tobacco companies were forced to make documents public, we have had an idea of strategies used by tobacco companies to hoodwink governments and underplay the harms of tobacco use while informing the public,\" Ehsan Latif, director of the department of tobacco control for the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease, said. This year's theme for World No-Tobacco Day is 'Stop Tobacco Industry Interference'.\"We know what we are up against, but governments do not always know how best to protect public health policies against tobacco industry interference,\" Latif, in a press statement on Wednesday, said.The global tobacco industry is opposing and attacking governments and health leaders over the fundamental right of governments. Its multiple and devious tactics include legal and economic threats, funding front groups to oppose health policies, making political donations and funding campaigns to discredit health policies, the statement added.Pankaj Chaturvedi, associate professor at the department of head and neck oncology, Tata Memorial Hospital insists on sensitizing governments and politicians. He has sought bidi taxes. \"Bidi is made by the poor and smoked by the poor. While bidi industry families thrive, bidi rollers live in abject poverty. Many bidi consumers, who are afflicted by cancer , die without care. The state government is losing hundreds of crores of rupees from avoiding taxes on bidi,\" he said.Satej Patil, minister of state for home and food and drug administration, agrees that increasing taxes on tobacco products can discourage use. \"We are trying our best to impose heavy taxes on bidi and other tobacco products. We are creating awareness in the Congress,\" he said.\"The central and state governments will not be able to make or implement stringent laws against tobacco. Some influential leaders are involved in the tobacco business and exert huge pressure in policy making,\" BJP's Maharashtra spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said.\"It is not right to say that NCP leaders who run tobacco units are involved in illegal business. Neither is it correct to say that because some NCP leaders are in the tobacco business they influence anti-tobacco policy,\" NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679761", "title": "Pune woman completes record treadmill run", "text": "PUNE: Forty-three-year-old and mother of two Michelle Kakade became the first woman to set an Indian record for running on treadmill for 25 hours. Michelle eclipsed the record of Arun Bhardwaj who entered the Limca book of records running 164 km on a treadmill in 24 hours.Michelle broke the record clocking 25 hours and completing 171 km, cheered by over 100 family members, friends, and members of the Poona Club where she achieved the feat.\"I'm thrilled and would like to thank my husband Anil, my mom, brother, my children and my friends who stayed put with me through the day and night. I'm happy that I have been able to win the battle of mind over body,\" said Michelle after the feat.\"This is also the beginning of my preparation for the last desert race to be held in Antartica later this year. I would be happy if I can inspire people around me to be fit and healthy, as exercise and fitness can fight the lifestyle diseases today\", she added.Amongst those present on the occasion were commissioner of excise Vinod Satav and Satyendra Vikram Singh , who acted as neutral observers for the event, and chairman of sports committee of Poona Club Manish Mehta. The record attempt started at 7am on May 29. Michelle has also become the first Indian to receive an invitation to participate in the Last Desert (Antarctica) on the basis of completion of Atacama Crossing (Chile), Gobi March (China) and Sahara Race (Egypt).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "dashmesh nagar", "code": "13681196", "title": "Silence looms over Raghuwinder\u2019s house", "text": "DASHMESH NAGAR: Jagir Singh and his wife Charanjeet Kaur sit in a corner of their house in Dashmesh Nagar, waiting for the body of their son Raghuwinder Singh to come home. While grieving relatives and friends file in and out of their house, the elderly couple cannot believe the tragedy that has struck them.The 35-year-old web designer, lovingly called Angrej, was killed on Monday when he slipped into a gorge at Rohtang Pass in Manali, where he had gone for a holiday with three cousins. The body was found on Tuesday after which his parents were informed.Going over each detail of their conversation just before Raghuwinder left for Manali, his 77-year-old father Jagir's eyes fill with tears. ''He was adamant to go on this trip and had specially called his cousins from Agra to join him. I discouraged him from going because it was too hot to travel but he would not listen. Maybe God had planned all this to happen in such a way... He was very bright and I had lot of hopes pinned on him,'' he says.Jerking out of her thoughts, Charanjeet curses the time when her son left home and cries that she should have tried harder to stop him. ''I don't know if he would have been convinced to stay back but I feel I should have done something to keep him from going somehow,'' she says.Raghuwinder's three brothers - Darshan Singh , 47, Satnam Singh, 45 and Harjinder Singh, 34 - say he was the brightest among the four. ''He worked in Dubai and then in Hyderabad for about eight years for an IT company. Our parents asked him to come back and be near them, so he returned some time back,'' says his eldest brother Darshan. He adds that now they are waiting for the body to return home. ''It was recovered by Manali police on Tuesday.Our cousins Navdeep, Sukhjinder and Gurpreet are bringing it and may reach here late in the evening,'' he says.Friends and neighbours are also in shock. ''I was with him on Friday night before he left with his cousins on Saturday. He loved travelling and this was not his first trip to Manali. He was a very loving person and known to smile always. He was good in sports too,'' said Rajit Gautam, Raghuwinder's friend and neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13681595", "title": "Experts mull trends in life sciences", "text": "PATNA: \"Your pet would never die, thanks to the development of biological science. When a particular pet becomes old, just get it cloned and you will have the same pet with you,\" said noted molecular biologist and former Hyderabad Central University vice-chancellor S E Hasnain.Inaugurating a national seminar on \"Recent trends in life sciences\", organized by Patna University (PU) botany department at geology auditorium here on Wednesday, he said the recent advancements in biological science are proving boon for the human beings as well as the society. PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh presided.Hasnain pointed out the pancreas of diabetic people could now be activated by injecting insulin through remote control. The treatment of prostate cancer has also become easier now. He, however, cautioned against the misuse of recent scientific findings as it could spell disaster. Hybrid flu virus, which is much more dangerous than the normal human virus, can now be produced in laboratories and the same can also be used for killing millions of people, he said.While biological research must be allowed without any hindrance, we must reassure our society that benefits of our research far outweigh the inherent risks and we, as responsible global citizens, are fully committed to making this world a healthier place to live, he added.Madhusudan Choudhary of Sam Houston State University, USA, delivered R P Roy memorial lecture on \"Evolution of multipartite genome structure in prokaryotes\".Prominent among those who addressed the seminar included Neel Sarovar Bhavesh of International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, New Delhi, PU pro-VC J P Singh, PU science faculty dean U K Sinha and botany department head S N Sharma.At the outset, Birendra Prasad welcomed the guests and Chaudhary Sarfuddin proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13681611", "title": "Man rapes, blackmails 22-year-old", "text": "BHOPAL: A 22-year-old woman was allegedly conned, raped and blackmailed for a long time by a married man in Bhopal.Police informed that the victim, daughter of an assistant sub inspector, came in contact with the accused, Sahil Khan alias Junaid, in 2009. About a year back, Junaid, who already has two wives and a son, tricked the woman into signing some documents which he claimed were marriage papers. Later, he took the girl to a deserted house near MLB College, outraged her modesty and made obscene video clips.He repeatedly kept exploiting her physically. He took away her jewellery and other important documents including her mark sheets too.Junaid then started blackmailing the victim with the video clips when she came to know about him and his family.The victim, finally, on Tuesday night registered a case against the accused at the Kamla Nagar police station. Junaid was booked for rape and fraud charges. He is at large and efforts are underway to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680172", "title": "'Congmen attacked PAC members in Nagaon'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) on Wednesday alleged that Congressmen were involved in Tuesday's attack on PAC members in Nagaon and demanded an impartial probe into the incident.Terming the incident as an \"attack\" on the dignity of the assembly, AIUDF legislators met speaker Pranab Gogoi and chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday, seeking punishment for the guilty.AIUDF legislator Abdur Rahim Khan, during a press conference here on Wednesday, said a group of about 10 members, led by Nurul Huda, attacked PAC member and BJP legislator Prasanta Phukan and misbehaved with PAC chairman Sirajuddin Ajmal at the Nagaon circuit house on Tuesday. Ajmal is also an AIUDF legislator from Jamunamukh constituency.\"The group, comprising Congress members, demanded a closed-door meeting with PAC members. When the PAC members refused, the group started misbehaving and even attacked Phukan. They also attempted to attack PAC chairman, but were prevented when police reached the spot. As the attack on PAC members tantamounts to lowering the dignity of the assembly, an impartial probe should be conducted. We told the speaker and chief minister that the guilty should be booked soon,\" said Khan.Khan added that PAC members were touring Nagaon district to probe into anomalies of various rural development schemes. AIUDF president Badruddin Ajmal has also written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the issue. Alleging that Congress members were involved in the incident, Ajmal claimed that Huda, who is the vice president of Nagaon Zila Parishad, hasn't been arrested yet.Khan said the speaker and chief minister have conceded that Tuesday's attack lowered the dignity of the assembly and assured of conducting an impartial probe for punishing the guilty. \"The probe should be above party considerations as the attack is on the dignity of the assembly. PAC has members from all political parties. We are hopeful that the speaker and chief minister will take steps to punish the culprits,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679596", "title": "Six held for murder over love affair", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six persons were arrested by the crime branch for allegedly murdering a person over a love affair. The arrested were identified as Abhinav Verma (21), a former junior national boxing champion, Rakesh Mukhi (21), Manish (20), Deepak (21), Manoj (22) and a minor. They had allegedly murdered Deepak Patel, 20, for being friends with a 14-year-old girl, who was the sister of one of the accused, a minor.The boy's love for his sister, a student of class IX, bordered on the extreme. Distressed that she was friends with Patel, the boy rebuked his sister. However, it failed to have an impact on her. Finding no way out, he spent his pocket money to buy a baseball bat and gathered five of his friends to deal with the problem. On May 26 they warned Patel of dire consequences if he continued his friendship with the girl.Patel failed to heed the warning and the next day the teenager and his friends battered him to death in the Nangloi area, Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police, crime, said.All the accused were named in the FIR and crime branch carried out the arrests in the next 48 hours. The minor has been sent to a juvenile home, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678681", "title": "Nazeer handled LeT fund in Kerala: Police", "text": "KOCHI: Dispelling the established notion that money for Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) activities in Kerala is coming from abroad, the Kerala police have found that LeT had raised crores of rupees from the state to fuel their activities. The funds were being handled by suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer, police said on Wednesday.Kerala police have been able to find a new dimension to the entire terror-related cases in the state when crime branch solved a 10-year-old dacoity case on Tuesday in which a group of armed people attacked a jewellery shop owner and looted 2.25 kg of gold at Kizhakkambalam in Ernakulam district on June 20, 2002.It's the crime branch team comprising superintendents Muhammed Faisal, P N Unniraja, DySPs P Prakash, P M Varghese and detective inspector Biju K Stephen that made a breakthrough into the case, the investigation of which had come to a halt for want of evidence.\"We will formally arrest Nazeer and seek his custody to know what they have done with the funds raised through various activities in the state. We have taken two of the accused in the dacoity case - K P Shabeer and Ismail alias Bomb Ismail - into custody for detailed interrogation,\" said inspector Biju K Stephen, who arrested the accused from Shimoga in Karnataka and Kochi.Nazeer is currently in jail after he was arrested by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in connection with various terror- related cases in the country.Officials of the intelligence wing said that LeT modules in the state had been raising huge money not only through criminal activities like dacoity and robbery but also by anchoring deals in real estate and other business.\"There had been a notion that terror-modules were bringing in money from abroad, mainly from Gulf countries, to fund their activities. As per the new findings, LeT activists had been conducting a series of fund-raising operations from 2000 in various parts of the country as per the directive of the LeT core command wing in Pakistan. The wing directed the modules to raise money locally as flow of funds from abroad could be easily tracked,\" the officials said.They added that in the light of those findings, the state police would be able to solve other robbery and economic offence cases in which huge sums of money had been swindled by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13681226", "title": "'Encounter not fake, it cut shot my son's career in Army'", "text": "MOHALI: The father of a dead Army officer has refuted allegations of fake encounter leveled against Lt Gen Bikram Singh, who will take over the Army chief's baton from Gen V K Singh on Friday. P S Bajwa, the father of Lt Bikramjit Singh Bajwa, who was a staff officer with Bikram Singh when the incident happened in Anantnag in March 2001, told TOI that his only son had lost his leg and a bright career in the Army was cut shot following the encounter, which was not fake.Lt Gen Bikram Singh, then a Brigade commander, was heading 1 Sector Rashtriya Rifles (RR) headquartered at Janglat Mandi in Anantnag, when the incident took place. He had suffered injuries and his staff officer Bikramjit Bajwa lost his left leg, while another officer, Col J P Janu, was killed.\"I don't know Bikram Singh personally and have never met him, but allegations that Janglat Mandi encounter was fake are unfortunate. I cannot forget the incident that cut short the career of my son,\" Bajwa, a retired Border Security Forces (BSF) commandant now settled in Mohali, said on Wednesday.After his discharge from the Army due to injury, Bikramjit Bajwa was appointed as a Punjab civil services (PCS) officer on compensatory grounds, but he died in a road mishap in 2006.\"My son is no more to counter the allegations. But every time I hear these charges of fake encounter, it hurts badly. Raising an issue after 11 years of the incident, that too without knowing the real facts, is unwarranted and an insult to all those soldiers who made sacrifices in that operation,\" he added. Bikramjit Bajwa remained in hospital for six months and eventually his one leg had to be amputated.The 'Battle casualty report' of the incident on March 4, 2001, prepared by the adjutant general branch of Army, states: \"Brigadier Bikram Singh was on his way back to HQ I Sector RR and was accompanied by Col J P Janu (CO of an infantry battalion) and Lt Bikramjit Bajwa. One terrorist fired on them from very close range. Lt Bajwa, who was standing near Bikram Singh, was hit by fire and sustained multiple gunshot wounds on left leg and left arm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681553", "title": "\u2018Lung cancer medicine can also treat oral cancer\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: The medicine for treating lung cancer will be used for treating oral cancer as well. The doctors of JK Cancer Hospital, an associated hospital of the Ganesh Shanker Vidhyarthi Memorial Medical College, in a research have found that medicine 'Geftinib', used for lung cancer treatment, is also effective in treating oral cancer.'Gefitinib' is a drug used for the treatment of certain breast and lung cancers. This medicine is an Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, which interrupts signaling in target cells. Therefore, it is effective in cancers with mutated and overactive EGFR.Talking to TOI, Dr Avadhesh Dixit, director of JK Cancer Hospital, informed that a specialist panel in the JK Cancer Hospital that was working on this project has concluded that 'Geftinib' is effective in treating oral cancer as well. A three-year research on nearly 100 cancer patients gave successful references that this medicine is very effective in inhibiting EGFR, cancerous cells. It is tremendously effective in pre-cancerous stage.\"We have conducted a research on 100 patients who were given 'Geftinib' in double dozes as given in lung cancer treatment. This gave a terrific result in controlling the cancerous cell development. The chemical composition of this medicine blocks the cancer receptors, at a glance,\" added Dr Dixit further.It is important to mention here that EGFR is over expressed in the cells of certain types of human carcinomas, which indicates that the person is suffering from cancer. This leads to inappropriate activation of the anti-apoptotic Ras signalling cascade, eventually leading to uncontrolled cell proliferation or cancer.\"Research on 'Gefitinib's' sensitivity on non-small cell oral cancers has shown a mutation in the EGFR. Hence, it is responsible for activating anti-apoptotic pathways, or controlling the growth of cancerous cell. This research paved a new way in the treatment of oral cancer,\" said Dr Umesh V, team member of this special research.He further informed that the hospital has also conducted the EGFR tests at very low cost. This has been done in collaboration with a pathology lab in Delhi.\"We conducted EGFR tests of the patients who came to the OPD's and shockingly, 60% people were suffering from oral cancer in both early and advanced stage. And the reason for 90 percent oral cancers in the city are due to passive use of tobacco and its products,\" added Dr Avdhesh Dixit further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681475", "title": "Nagar panchayats: List of reserved wards announced", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The list of reserved wards of the nagar panchayats in the district, including Bharatganj, Phulpur,Handia, Jhunsi,Shankargarh, Sirsa, Koraon and Lalgopalganj, has been announced.In Nagar Panchayat Jhunsi, there are about 10 wards. Out of this, wards of Patharo Tola and Market area have been reserved for OBC while Mallahan (South) has been reserved for OBC (women). Ward of Prabhudutt Brahmacghhari Tola and Kevatana has been reserved for women. Wards of ADA Colony, Kalvari Tola, Southern Dharamshala and Mallahan ( North) have been left unreserved.In Bharatganj nagar panchayat, there are about 13 wards. Ward of Katra North, Zubair Nagar,Telha Tola, Ambedkarnagar and Mangarwari have been unreserved. However, wards of Gadiwan and Mohd Ali Road have been reserved for OBC while Chikan has been reserved for OBC (women). The wards that have been reserved for women include Shukrawari bazaar, Katra (South) and Mohd Ali Road (East). Ward of Kadam Rasool has been reserved for Scheduled Caste (SC) while Nai bazaar has been reserved for SC (women).In Phulpur, there are about 15 wards. Ward of Jafraganj has been reserved for SC (women). Wards of Jamilabad and Bhaishai Tola has been reserved for OBC (women). Shekhpur (North) and Duniyaganj has been reserved for OBC. Ward of Barai Tola and Pura Acchai have been reserved for women.However, wards of Pure Maharath, Shekhpur (East), Kohna, Lochanganj, Ismailganj, Shekhpur (West), Shuklana and Kaithan have been left unreserved.In Handia, there are about 13 wards. Wards of Disini Patti have been reserved for SC (women) while Nalkoop Colony has been reserved for SC. The wards of Ansarganj and Bhairopur (Polytechnic) has been reserved for OBC while wards of Bhairopur have been reserved for OBC (women). The wards of Bazaar Khhas, Munshi Gopaldas Trust and Miyaganj have been reserved for women. The wards of Bhera, Mechdan, Bari Chamrauti, Makanpur and Gushiganj have been left unreserved.In Shankargarh Nagar Panchayat, there are about 12 wards. Out of this, three wards have been reserved for SC including one ward for SC (women). Three wards have been reserved for OBC, including one for OBC (women). Two wards have been reserved for women (general) whole four wards have been left unreserved.In Sirsa, there are about 11 wards. Ward of Pura Jagannath has been reserved for SC (women) while Katra Ajeeb Beg has been reserved for SC. Ward of Gudhatti and Ramkiyan Gandhinagar has been reserved for women. Ward of Babhnauti has been reserved for OBC while Katra Heeraram has been reserved for OBC (women). Wards of Balmukundnagar, Mahuakoti, Kapashai, Krishna Nagar and Munshi Ram Swaroop Nagar have been left unreserved.In Lalgopalganj, there are about 15 wards. Out of this, Nadeeura (South Western) has been reserved for SC (women) while Ibrahimpur has been reserved for SC. Wards of Rawa and Needura (East) have been reserved for OBC (women) while Needura (West) and Needura (North) have been reserved for OBC. Wards of Imamganj and Khanjahanpur (North) have been reserved for women. Wards of Umraoganj, Needura (South Eastern), Khanjahanpur, Needura (South), Needura (Central), Daniyalpur (North Western) and Daniyalpur Khas have been left unreserved.In Koran ward, there are about 11 wards. Out of this, 2 wards have been reserved for women, two for OBC and one for SC. However, six wards have been left unreserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679443", "title": "BJP top brass drop in at wedding", "text": "BANGALORE: For the beleagured BS Yeddyurappa, who is weighed down by CBI raids and court cases, his grand-daughter's marriage reception on Wednesday was an occasion to put all that behind him and celebrate. It also provided the beaming former chief minister an opportunity to demonstrate that he is still in the good books of the national leadership. Top BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari , Arun Jaitley , Rajnath Singh and Dharmendra Pradhan dropped in to wish the couple and make small talk with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa.Yeddyurappa's recent strident criticism of BJP patriarch LK Advani patronizing MP HN Ananth Kumar was apparently forgotten for the moment as the top brass closed ranks for the occasion.But the person who stole the show from these leaders was Gujarat CM Narendra Modi. While all the other leaders came together, Modi came alone and walked up to the dais to greet BU Apoorva and B Chandrakanth to thunderous applause. Unfazed by dissidence brewing back home, Modi ensured he was the sole dignitary on the dais. The national leaders along with state ministers had moved away from the scene once the buzz about Modi started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13680020", "title": "President assent eludes social bill for 18 years", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh State Commission for Women (APSCW) has appealed to President Pratibha Patil to review the Arunachal Pradesh Bill for Protection of Customary Laws and Social Practices of 1994, which is still awaiting presidential assent since it was passed by the state assembly about 18 years ago.APSCW chairperson Gumri Ringu, in a recent memorandum to Patil, pleaded that the bill be approved soon, sources here said on Wednesday.This development comes at a time when various women's organizations, including the Arunachal Pradesh Women's Welfare Society, are demanding codification of customary laws with special emphasis on protection of women's and children's rights.The APSCW said in the memorandum that the state government had introduced a bill for protection of customary laws and social practices prevalent in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in 1994, which was passed in the assembly and sent to the President of India for assent.The memorandum added that customary laws and social practices are two important aspects of any society. On one hand are socially harmful practices like child marriage, forced marriage and polygamy, which need to be stopped as these are affecting the lives of women and children. On the other hand, there are the positive aspects of traditions of tribal societies including their rich culture and dresses, customs, faith and beliefs, which are worth preserving and protecting for the future generations. The women's organizations are opposed to the former and not the latter, said the memorandum.Moreover, as per a state government rule, government employees need to undertake at the time of appointment that they will not marry more than one once during their entire service term, but they are violating the rule by marrying more than once on the pretext of customary laws and social practices in Arunachal Pradesh, the memorandum added.It is, therefore, felt that the said pending bill on protection of customary laws and social practices may be reviewed as early as possible and the evil practices removed for the greater interest of new generations in the state, said the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13680599", "title": "Karnataka cops suspended for smuggling", "text": "PONDA: Taking note of liquor and petrol trafficking by police personnel by misusing their official vehicles, the Karnataka administration have suspended the police sub-inspector and head constable-driver attached to its Ramnagar police station on Wednesday, the Collem police said.Cops and Excise department had arrested PSI Babu Dhundappa Madhav, 59 and Ramnagar head constable -driver Yallappa Madhav Kagavad, 43, both residents of Ramnagar for an attempt of trafficking liquor and petrol in an official vehicle of Karnataka police on Tuesday.The department seized liquor while the Collem police seized the jeep and petrol.Ponda sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) DySP Dinraj Govekar said that the Collem police are now investigating the petrol pump who had sold the inflammable fuel in cans.Quoting a circular issued by the collectorate, the police have revealed that the government has banned supply of petrol in cans and the police have been instructed to ensure the compliance of the instructions by conducting surprise checks on the petrol pumps situated within a radius of 20 kms from the state border.The Excise department has booked the Ramnagar police personnel under section 5 of the Excise Act, while the Collem police have booked the Karnataka cops under section 285 (Negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter), read with section 34 (common intention) of Indian Penal Code and section 3 (No one shall import, transport or store any petroleum product) of Petroleum Act 1934.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680099", "title": "'Mere presence at party not sufficient to draw blood'", "text": "MUMBAI: The recent Juhu hotel raid has brought into sharp focus the police practice to collect blood samples from all persons present, innocent or suspect, without distinction.\"The law against drug offences has no provision to force a person to undergo such forensic tests and the only search permitted is a body search for possession,\" said Y P Singh, a former police officer, now a practicing lawyer.While several others also questioned the police powers to send all the party guests for testing, some lawyers said the police had power to investigate by taking blood samples on grounds of suspicion after drugs were seized from the premises.But can the argument of reasonable suspicion be applied at one stroke to all present at a venue? In the absence of specific provision or recognition of blood testing under the NDPS Act, under what provision of law could the police detain and force the 100-odd people to undergo blood tests? Lawyers said it calls for specific rules or policy to govern testing for drugs as the police action would otherwise be an invasion of a person's fundamental, human rights and privacy.\"Unlike say, the Motor Vehicles Act, which recognizes and prescribes blood and urine testing for offences, the NDPS Act has no similar provision. Taking blood samples amounts to violation of human rights. Besides, detention not for a personal search is unlawful under the Act. It amounts to wrongful confinement,\" said Singh.The criminal procedure code (CrPC) also applies to investigations under the NDPS Act. The CrPC does provide for blood sampling, but only for an accused who is arrested. If party guests are not suspects or named in an FIR or arrested, could they have been a target of such a blatant invasion of their privacy by forced testing? Advocate Jamshed Mistry says, \"Collecting blood and urine samples without an actual arrest would be considered unlawful and smacks of high-handedness by the police in utter disregard of a person's right to privacy. There could be many innocents present. A tough law like NDPS calls for greater transparency from the police.\"In fact, the Supreme Court has made it clear that \"the more stringent a law, stricter must be the compliance of its procedures by those empowered to implement it\" and has nullified convictions where procedures did not meet strict compliance. The police, however, have often shown blatant disregard to the law. In India, along with trafficking, possession and also consumption of drugs is an offence. But the focus of the drug policy is to curb trafficking.The Act does allow police to conduct raids even on private premises on information of likely commission of a drug offence. But such a raid under section 41 of the Act must have a search warrant from a magistrate. The police can under certain circumstances conduct even a warrant-less raid to prevent possible loss of evidence, but then it has to record the reasons why a search warrant could not be obtained without affording an offender sufficient time to conceal evidence or escape. When the police go for a raid, the investigating officer and police witnesses must offer themselves to be searched first, a safeguard meant to ensure there is no false planting of drugs by the raiding team.\"In the Oakwood party case, it seems there was enough time for the police to have obtained a warrant as the information was with them during office hours,\" said Singh. A few of those present at the hotel said the police did not frisk or search them for possession. The NDPS Act requires that before any personal search, the police or empowered officers from other agencies must first apprise such person of a right to be searched before a magistrate or gazetted officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680373", "title": "'Housing authorities can charge increased construction cost'", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Mahesh Bhagwati on Thursday held that state authorities like housing board and UITs who float residential schemes have a right to charge the escalated cost of construction which may be in addition to the rates that were advertised at the time of floating such schemes.The court dismissed a petition filed by one Chand Mal Yogi , who applied for a residential unit under Gharonda scheme of the state government in Kota. The Vasundhara Raje government had floated a scheme named 'Gharonda' wherein residential units were to be provided to those belonging to economically weaker sections who were allotted plots after a lucky draw.It was contended by the petitioner that in 2005, under this scheme, it was widely advertised by the state government that the residential units are being allotted at the rate of Rs 18 per day and the installments will be payable within 20 years and in all a sum of Rs 85,000 was required to be paid. It was also promised that the plots will be handed over within a period of one year under the scheme but it took four years to construct the dwelling units. In 2009, the government issued a demand note of Rs 1.5 lakh as against the advertised sum of Rs 85,000.Earlier, the petitioner's plea was dismissed by a single judge. On Thursday, on an appeal, a division bench held that it is the prerogative of the state government to charge the excess expenditure incurred by it in the construction etc.\"The scheme is a unique one and is beneficial for all. There cannot be any challenge to the scheme on the count that affordable housing is not being provided. On the contrary it seems that the houses are provided at reasonable prices. In case there is failure to pay the demanded sum, the court cannot interfere to ask the authority to allot plots at lower price than the actual incurred cost,\" said Chief Justice Arun Mishra on behalf of the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681197", "title": "\u2018Autos, taxis won\u2019t ply if attacked\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: WR, CR and Harbour train services as well as BEST's bus services will remain unaffected by today's Bharat bandh, but the same cannot be said for taxis and autos. While bigger auto and taxi unions led by Sharad Rao and A L Quadros have assured Mumbaikars that their autos and taxis will not stay off the roads, Sena unions have threatened to enforce the bandh.Most of the drivers that TOI spoke to on Wednesday said they are apprehensive. \"We will not ply if Sena/MNS unions become violent in their protest,\" said an auto driver, even as his colleagues nodded in agreement. Taxi union leader A L Quadros said he is \"morally\" supporting the bandh, but has asked cabbies to ply today.Sena union leader Anil Parab said: \"We will ensure that maximum autos are off the roads in Mumbai in protest. Let us see whether Rao succeeds in plying his autos today.\"MNS transport union chief Haji Arafat Shaikh said that his party will not join the agitation on the streets, but supports the bandh call. \"We have issued instructions to all our members-auto drivers, taximen, tempo and truck drivers-to take a day off today.\" He added that the MNS will enforce a bandh at the APMC wholesale market in Vashi. \"We will allow transport of vegetables till early morning. Transport of milk and medicines will be unaffected .In Mumbai, we will also allow garbage trucks to operate.\" BEST officials said windows and windshields all 4,000 will be protected by grilles. The RPF will have bandobasts to thwart rail rokos on tracks. Railway union leader Venu Nair said his men will not disrupt train services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683329", "title": "Mint and mischief at SRK's press conference", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan held a press conference at his residence on Wednesday where he had the media eating out of his hands literally.The actor, who has been on an emotional high ever since his team won the IPL, showed off his mischievous side when he flung chocolates to journalists whose questions he seemed to approve of (top left). But for the ones that did not quite match his euphoric mood, there was a box of mints instead. \"Open your mouth,\" he said, aiming a mint pellet at someone who asked him why he no longer quite reacts the way he should. \"Have a mint, chill,\" said SRK. It was interesting to see how the reporter in question sat with his mouth open for SRK to aim perfectly. No wonder, he gets away with his increasingly gratuitious behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680556", "title": "Police put on maximum alert, says R R Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress-Nationalist Congress Party government on Wednesday geared itself up against the Bharat bandh call given by the Bharatiya Janata Party , Shiv Sena and political parties affiliated to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) on Thursday to protest against the recent hike in petrol prices.\"So long as the bandh's peaceful, we have no objection, but if politicians indulge in violence and enforce it, we will not tolerate it. We have issued instructions to lawenforcement agencies to deal with such people firmly,'' home minister R R Patil told TOI.In the eventuality of violence in sensitive areas in the city and across the state, Patil had a marathon meeting with director-general of police K Subramanian, police commissioner Arup Patnaik and senior officials of the home department and special branch to draft a strategy. Patil said companies of the state reserve police force (SRPF) and rapid action force (RAF) have been deployed across the city and state, and commissioners and district superintendents of police have been told to stay on maximum alert. Besides 46,000-odd Mumbai policemen , over 2,000 personnel from the SRPF and RAF have been deployed to maintain law and order. \"We have arrested many anti-social elements as a preventive measure. We will ensure peace in Mumbai and elsewhere in the state,'' Patil said.A senior home department official said that since the Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena have supported the bandh, the government expects violence in select pockets in Mumbai. \"We have identified areas where those parties will enforce the bandh. Adequate security personnel have been deployed in those sensitive areas,'' he said.State Congress president Manikrao Thakre said his party has taken up the hike issue with the party high command. \"We have taken it up with the high command. Even the chief minister has urged senior leaders to take note of the sentiments of the common man. We are sure the Centre will consider our plea and reduce the price of petrol,'' Thakre said.The general administration department has issued a one-page order to state employees that they must attend office.VIOLENCE TO BE VIDEO-RECORDEDThe state government will arm some of its policemen with video cameras to record violence during the bandh. \"As miscreants have a tendency to damage government and private property during a bandh, the government will use video cameras to maintain law and order and keep them at bay,\" Satej Patil, minister of state for home, told TOI. \"The policemen will monitor the situation with the cameras in sensitive areas,\" Patil added. A senior police official said, \"Cameras should work as a deterrent. Despite this, if miscreants attempt to damage property, the footage will be used as evidence in court.\" The decision was taken at a meeting on Wednesday.--Sanjeev Shivadekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679813", "title": "Army chief reviews passing out parade", "text": "PUNE: A total of 361 cadets, including 21 foreign cadets, graduated from the 122nd course at the prestigious National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla near here on Wednesday. The moment was marked by an impressive passing out parade that was reviewed by the Chief of Army Staff General V K Singh.Of the 21 foreign cadets, 10 were from Tajikistan , nine from Afghanistan and two from Kazakhstan, all of whom had started their training along with their Indian counterparts on June 30, 2009.All the cadets will now join a year-long course at their respective finishing academies, i.e. the officers training schools at the Indian Military Academy, Dehradun (for army); INS Teer at Cochin (for navy) and the Air Force Officers Academy at Dindigul, Hyderabad.In his address to the cadets, Gen Singh said that military leaders at any level must have dedication and commitment to the service. They should be able to lead troops by setting an example in all trials and tribulations, he said. \"Most importantly, a military leader has to have the right kind of moral and ethical values. In no case will self get precedence over the organization; never shall personal gains override official and professional needs,\" he added.\"You are fortunate to join the ranks of the armed forces in exciting times,\" said Singh. \"India is surging forward and making an impact on the world at large while we face varied security challenges. Let each one of you feel the vibrancy and adrenalin run through you as you realise that you can do something remarkable and extraordinary.\"(Medal Winners)* President's gold medal: Academy cadet captain Gajjala Dayakar Reddy* Silver medal: Battalion cadet captain Sashbind Singh Pal* Bronze medal: Battalion cadet adjutant J S Aswal* Winner of the chiefs of staff banner: 'Oscar' Squadron", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679029", "title": "Death sentence for man for killing wife and daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: Convicting Prakash Shingnapure for killing his wife and daughter at Jagruti Nagar (on Kamptee Road) last year, ad hoc district and additional sessions judge KL Vyas, on Wednesday, issued a death sentence and imposed a fine of Rs 3 lakhs under section 302 of the IPC. Additionally, he has also been convicted under section 309 of IPC and sentenced to one year, and fined Rs 500. The sentence has to be confirmed by the high court.The court has announced that the fine amount would be divided between the district legal aid committee and the state. While the committee is to get Rs 2.50 lakhs, the rest of the amount would be given to the state for expenses incurred by the prosecution. In the event of Shingnapure being unable to pay the fine, he faces imprisonment for another five years.After stabbing Pranita (34) and Shreya (13), who were in deep sleep, Shingnapure attempted to end his life with a kitchen knife in the early hours of April 8 last year. As per medical evidence, Shingnapure had stabbed his wife 62 times and daughter 45, and himself for about 20.While Pranita and Shreya died in the bedroom where they were assaulted, Shingnapure was taken to the hospital in a critical condition. In a suicide note, Shingnapure had said that he took the step as he was unable to 'maintain' the family.On the fateful day, Shingnapure, who used to run a grocery shop, and Pranita had taken Shreya, their only child, to a doctor as she was not feeling well. The family dined together and later watched television before retiring to their respective rooms.It was Shreya's loud shriek that alerted the rest of the family. Shingnapure's younger brothers Anup and Ajay forced opened the door and then alerted the Jaripatka police .Additional public prosecutor Deepak Kolhe said that the court treated the case as 'rarest of rare'. \"The brutality of the murder without any provocation and helplessness of the victims who were asleep provided solid grounds for the judgment along with the fact that the wife and daughter were dependent on him,\" said Kolhe.The prosecution examined 20 witnesses. \"The forensic experts had said that there were homicidal wounds on the mother and daughter and self-inflicting ones on the man. This eliminated the theory that there could be someone else who would have done it,\" said Kolhe who added that Shingnapure's brothers too had deposed before the court.Kolhe added that Shingnapure's statement was recorded in hospital as dying declaration (DD) under section 32 (1) of the Indian Evidence Act by the executive magistrate even though he survived. The court later transformed the DD to his statement before a magistrate under section 164 of criminal procedure code (CrPc). A handwriting expert corroborated that the suicide note was written by Shingnapure.\"Prakash's statement too corroborated the case of the prosecution,\" said Kolhe who was assisted by Aditya Paliwal and Bharat Borikar.Pranita's father Rambhau Aglawe , who was present in the court, said with a moist eye that Prakash deserves the death sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680122", "title": "Who broke into house of Anandiben\u2019s son?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'attempted theft' at the home of Sanjay Patel , who is the son of state revenue minister Anandiben Patel , is turning out to be a classic whodunnit. Even three days after the incident took place the police remain clueless on why nothing was stolen in the elaborate burglary and how the thieves could tip-toe through the whole operation that lasted for more than two hours.The most startling piece of information that the police have come across during investigation is that the break-in is supposed to have taken place in the presence of a police guard and two others. Ahmedabad district (rural) police has suspended the cop - police constable Vishnu Chaudhary - for negligence on duty.\"It was about a month back when Chaudhary was stationed at Sanjay's house near Shilaj when he left for an overseas' trip. The decision to post a policeman to guard the home of Sanjay, who runs a printing press, was unofficial since he is neither a bureaucrat nor any other government official,\" said a Bopal police official.Investigations have revealed that the bungalow was locked out but three persons stayed in the campus - a private security guard, a domestic help and Chaudhary. Coincidentally, on May 27 at 3 am Bopal police's patrolling car had stopped at the bungalow for a routine check. The cops had interacted with Chaudhary who said everything was alright. But, just 30 minutes later Chaudhary called up the Bopal police station to inform that the house had been burgled. The thieves had broken through the back door - the lock was broken and so were some window grills.In the span of a week this was the fourth episode of theft with a similar modus operandi. \"In the first three incidents, a complaint has been lodged at Kalol police station, another at Adalaj police station and in another case only an application of complaint has been filed at the Bopal police station.Police officials hunt for motiveAHMEDABAD: The cops are now mulling over a mystery - how the burglars could break and rampage inside the bungalow without the knowledge of any of the three who were stationed outside for security.Police investigations have revealed that after breaking into the house the burglars systematically broke into all wardrobes on the ground and the first floor. Police have found six sets of footprints inside the bungalow. \"So at least six people were involved in the operation,\" said Bopal police.\"It is estimated that the thieves required atleast two hours to go through the operation in such an organized fashion. But none of the three men who were supposed to have been outside for security had heard anything wrong,\" said Bopal police sources.That is not the end of mystery. While minister Anandi Patel had claimed before the police that only a music system had been stolen from the bungalow, her Sanjay who called up Bopal police on Tuesday denied even this. \"During the interaction he said that he did not own any music system. He however did say that one of the wardrobes should contain his revolver but that he can ascertain only when returns on June 7,\" said Bopal police officials.Police officials now are in a fix since they are probing into a theft where nothing was stolen. The policemen who were among the first to reach the scene of crime however have this to say, \"We saw some jewellery boxes lying open and empty. Some other boxes containing imitation jewellery had been left untouched.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679104", "title": "Girl child worker spurns rescue bid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Labour officials on Wednesday raided a flat in Masab Tank and tried to rescue a child worker, but the young girl refused to accompany them.\"On receiving reliable information, a team led by assistant commissioner of Labour, Hyderabad conducted a raid at a flat (flat no 306 at Bin Trip Apartments, Saifabad) in an apartment complex in Masab Tank in the morning and found a minor worker. The girl panicked and refused to go along with the officials,\" assistant commissioner of labour, K Koteswara Rao told TOI.The owner of the flat, Srivastav, a private employee, told officials that the child was from Uttar Pradesh and had come to the city recently. However, the officials discovered that the girl was conversant with Telugu. \"The employer will hand over the child to us once her parents reach the city. Then, we will send her for medical examination to determine her age,\" the official added. Meanwhile, the officials collected a DD of Rs 20,000 from the employer and deposited it in the Child Rehabilitation Fund .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679792", "title": "No misunderstanding between army, MoD: Gen Singh", "text": "PUNE: Chief of Army Staff General V K Singh, who retires on Thursday, has said that there is no misunderstanding between the army and the MoD.Singh, who faced a string of controversies last year - starting with his move to take on the government over the age row; media leak of his letter to the Prime Minister on army's preparedness and the alleged attempt by a senior retired army officer to bribe him - said, \"I would like to be remembered as a soldier, as somebody who has tried to uphold what the army stands for.\"Speaking to reporters at the National Defence Academy (NDA) on Wednesday, he sought to downplay the recent controversies by stating, \"The army is part of the government. We are one and whatever we say is listened to. We have a 'raksha mantri', who is very clear-headed and supportive of the army.\"\"The army is apolitical, absolutely secular and impartial and goes by what it states. This is not my army or anybody else's army. As a nation, I think, we should be proud of our army,\" he added.On India's military preparedness, Singh said, \"All the three wings of the services, in their present state, are fully capable of meeting any challenge or threat. The ongoing modernisation of the armed forces will only enhance their capacity.\"Asked what he feels is the biggest challenge before the army, Singh said, \"Getting out of the out of the old mould and changing the mindset for moving forward remains one of the biggest challenge. We need to organise ourselves to work in a network-centric joint forces environment. This is crucial as we have to be ready and relevant to ensure that we can look after the interests of the nation.\"Singh said, \"I had set certain targets for myself and that included transformation of the army. This begins with a change in the mindset to make the army relevant, more effective, agile and fit for future. I think, we have put the army on that path.\"He, however, added that the transformation couldn't have happened in a year or two but, it's a time plan for 15 to 20 years. \"We have started that journey and I am quite sure it will continue,\" he said.Asked why his tenure was marked by so many controversies, Singh said, \"Certain controversies were created, certain controversies erupted and some others can be attributed to our imaginative friends in the media, who saw a ghost in every bush. I would say, it hasn't concerned me at all.\"Army chief speaks* On Lt. Gen. Tejinder Singh: Those of us, who know him well, know what kind of things he does and tried to do. This is not the forum for me to castigate him or anybody else. He is welcome to slide into the depths he wants to.* On Post-retirement plan: I will start thinking about this only after getting retired. I have heard a lot of speculation regarding my plans but, I will think of it only after June 1.* On his PhD study: I have been working on my PhD for the last two-and-a-half years. But, I haven't been able to devote sufficient time owing to my office work. Completing the PhD will be my first priority.* On Afghanistan: It's a very important regional neighbour. As a nation, we are engaged with Afghanistan and we are concerned with progress and peace. India has given a great amount of development assistance to improve the infrastructure and life of the people there. We would like to see that the situation does not deteriorate in Afghanistan because it would have certain fallout for us. We are aware of it during the hay days of the Taliban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679553", "title": "BJP workers to protest, then rush to wedding", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bharat bandh call given by the BJP against runaway petrol price threatens to cast a shadow on the most spectacular event in Bangalore on Thursday - the wedding of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's granddaughter.A number of BJP workers and leaders who had earlier planned to enjoy the wedding banquet are now unsure whether they can make it to the muhurtham after participating in a protest, scheduled more or less at the same time. Thursday noon, BJP workers led by party president K S Eshwarappa will take to the city streets in large numbers and court arrest. Eshwarappa has directed all seniors to make it to the protest at Mysore Bank circle.Keeping the wedding in mind, Eshwarappa said they decided to hold the protest between 11am and 12noon to enable party workers and leaders to attend the wedding. \"Both events are equally important to us,'' he maintained.But Yeddyurappa's family members appeared a bit anxious that attendance may dwindle because of the bandh. \"I know there will be no violence but people will have second thoughts,'' a family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679550", "title": "CM testifies against Gupta in libel case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday recorded her statement before a trial court in a criminal defamation case filed by her against BJP leader Vijender Gupta for allegedly using \"uncivilized\" language before recent MCD polls.The chief minister had filed the suit against Gupta for putting up hoardings across the city, accusing her government of conniving with private discoms and indulging in corruption in determining new power tariff.Gupta had made the allegation a few days before the April 15 MCD elections. Dikshit recorded her statement before metropolitan magistrate Saumya Chauhan who, if satisfied that there was sufficient material, may summon the BJP leader.The chief minister testified that she had sent legal notices to Gupta after the civic polls but the BJP leader did not apologize and rather stood by his remarks. Dikshit has also filed a civil defamation suit against Gupta in the Delhi high court which asked them to settle it.Gupta, however, had contended in the high court that \"fair\" criticism is the part and parcel of a healthy democracy. BJP's Delhi unit president Vijender Gupta had earlier filed an application seeking dismissal of the case. Dikshit had demanded a token Re 1 as damages in her suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680549", "title": "Sex tests: Doctors demand withdrawal of cases", "text": "JAIPUR: Doctors along with their families staged a dharna at the Jaipur Medical Association building at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital on Wednesday demanding withdrawal of cases recently registered against medical practitioners for violation of Pre- Conception Pre-Natal and Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.The doctors alleged that in the past few days the district administration had registered cases against 54 sonologists for violation of PCPNDT Act, and in majority cases doctors had made mistakes in filling the form F. Rajasthan Medical Association secretary Dr SS Joshi said, \"It is injustice as for minor mistakes while filling the form F, the doctors are taken to the courts. Charges against 18 doctors have already been framed in the court.\" He said if the charges are framed, there are provisions under the PCPNDT Act which advocates suspending a doctor's license to practice. \"In that case, he would be equal to a person who is Class XII pass-out,\" Joshi said.The agitating doctors said that those involved in carrying out sex selection tests will never fill the form. \"He would never any evidence. However, a doctor who fills the form but makes a mistake is not likely to be involved in illegal practices,\" he added.Recently, after actor Aamir Khan took up the issue of female feticide issue in his TV serial, the state government had swung into action and conducted raids at sonography centres in Jaipur district and seized records of several centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679495", "title": "World No Tobacco Day: Cancer patients ask government to curb tobacco sales near schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Cancer patients at a World No Tobacco Day (May 31) meeting at the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute on Wednesday requested medical education minister S A Ramdas to initiate a series of steps to curb growing tobacco sales in the state.The patients made a 6-point request to the minister: creating an inter-ministerial high-powered committee headed by chief minster/chief secretary for tobacco control; banning gutka and all food products containing tobacco; raising taxes on tobacco products; banning sale of tobacco products to minors and near educational institutes; putting an end to point of sale and indirect advertising of tobacco products and determining strong policies and programmes for tobacco control in consultation with victims of tobacco.Kidwai Institute of Oncology director Vijay Kumar said: \"Industry uses different ways of interfering in tobacco policy-making ---- funding political parties is a big factor, litigation is another and Corporate Social Responsibility is yet another. The heartening thing is many organizations have come together on one platform. How to succeed in the battle against cancer from here on is a major concern. Government has imposed high taxes on cigarettes, why not also on chewing tobacco? This may deter people.\"TOBACCO CONTROL* The theme this year is 'Tobacco Industry Interference'* Global adult tobacco survey reveals that nearly 40% of males and 16% of females are current users of tobacco. Chewing tobacco is more common compared to smoking. Nearly 23% of males and 16% of females use chewing tobacco products in Karnataka* Inter-college poster competition, cultural programmes and awareness sessions on various tobacco control issues by experts and the website of the state anti-tobacco cell www.satckarnataka.in was launched", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13681168", "title": "Your pet may be a dengue carrier", "text": "CHENNAI: As dengue spreads across Tamil Nadu , scientists suspect double trouble. A new vector and a new carrier, they feel, might be responsible for the outbreak in summer, which is considered a harsh condition for the virus to survive.A group of scientists from the Indian Red Cross, Public Health Association of India and Citizen's Forum is drawing blood samples from pet animals to find out if they are harbouring the dengue virus. Animals can be silent carriers of the virus, without showing any symptoms. Scientists also suspect that Aedes albopictus, a 'wild' variety of the 'domestic' Aedes ageypti mosquito, could have entered human settlements. They may be biting these animals - and humans - establishing a new transmission route.While the most commonly spotted mosquito in the state is aegypti, since 2009, albopictus has been seen in human habitations. Unlike ageypti, which survives only on human blood, the albopictus mosquito feeds on both animals and humans. \"An infected albopictus can transmit the virus to both humans and animals. And this can result in a lot of cross-infection,\" said former director of public health Dr S Elango, who now works for the Public Health Association of India. If the suspicion proves to be true, doctors in the state may have a bigger challenge on their hands.Dengue, a viral disease, is spread through the bites of infected female Aedes mosquitoes. The virus circulates in the human blood for two to seven days when the patient experiences fever and severe body pain. During this time, other female Aedes mosquitoes biting the infected human can take up the virus and spread it to other human hosts during subsequent blood meals. The virus is transferred from a female mosquito to her offspring via the eggs. So far, scientists have found Japanese encephalitis virus being harboured in water birds and pigs. Scientists at the Centre for Research in Medical Entomology (CRME) in Madurai say dengue virus in domestic animals is theoretically possible. \"Studies in Malaysia and Africa have shown that dengue virus can live in pets and domestic animals. But we have so far not seen it in animals in India,\" said CRME director Dr B K Tyagi.Investigations by Tyagi's team have revealed that the virus has been extremely virulent this season as there has been more than two subtypes. The dengue virus has four subtypes and the team has already spotted two of them. \"If there is more than one subtype, it normally increases the fatality rate. The body develops antigen to one subtype after infection. If the same person gets infected with another subtype, the antigen can't protect and severity of the disease increases,\" he said. Storage of water in several residential areas of Tirunelveli district due to shortage of supply has led to increase in the mosquito population in the district, said director of public health Dr R T Porkai Pandian.The 41 dengue deaths and outbreak in summer months have also triggered other scientific research projects. The Chennai-based National Institute of Epidemiology, for instance, is working in Tirunelveli to study the causes for high mortality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13682983", "title": "Bharat bandh hits normal life across India; supporters block roads, trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 12-hour bandh called by NDA and Left parties to protest the steep hike in petrol prices today disrupted normal life across the country.TV reports from Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Patna , Allahabad and Varanasi said that rail routes were blocked to stop trains and shops closed following the protest.According to Times Now, rail traffic was hit as Samajwadi Party and JD (U) workers blocked rail routes in Allahabad and Patna. The Saket Express and Ganga Gomti Express were stopped in Allahabad.In Delhi, auto rickshaw unions have also joined the bandh with 55,000 autos and 15,000 taxis expected to stay off the road. BJP workers have 'promised' to block traffic and stage demonstrations at several places. This is expected to result in major traffic jams in Delhi.On Wednesday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta held a padyatra in Connaught Place asking traders to support the bandh. BJP has also decided to disrupt the ongoing budget session in the assembly. Police said that besides 35 extra companies of security personnel, another 50,000 cops would be out on the roads.\"We want to ensure that every major road has police presence. We are aware of a few protest spots and have the resources to rush in to control any situation. We warn people not to flout the law; those found rioting will be charged with destruction of public property,\" said a senior officer. Despite poor footfalls in the market due to rise in temperature, traders' associations have decided to support the bandh.Shutdown begins peacefully in MaharashtraThe Opposition-sponsored shutdown started in Mumbai and the state peacefully, barring sporadic incidents of violence in Thane and Pune, officials said.There were at least four incidents of government buses being stoned in Pune and Thane.Besides, the shutdown is being supported by anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare and even Mumbai's 'Dabbawallas' who will not provide their regular tiffin delivery services today.Bandh hits normal life in KarnatakaBandh supporters set on fire three buses and stoned about a dozen others forcing authorities to withdraw bus services in the city.According to initial reports received, the bandh evoked good response in several districts. Public transport was hit and shops and business establishments remained shut in several parts of the state.Holiday has been declared for schools and colleges today in view of the bandh.In stray incidents of violence targeting state-run buses, some persons torched three Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) buses in the small hours and stoned about a dozen forcing the authorities to withdraw bus services.While a bus was set on fire on Roopena Agrahara, two others were torched in K.R. Puram and fire force rushed to the spot and extinguished the fire, police said.In the wake of stray incidents of stone pelting, BMTC suspended city bus services till this evening.As a precaution, Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) also suspended services in some districts such as Kolar, Ramangara, Chikkaballapur, Hubli-Dharwad and Hassan.Bandh supporters block roads, squat on railway tracks in BengalProtestors blocked the Howrah bridge, which connects the metropolis to the Howrah district. They also blocked roads at Chapadali more in Barasat, in Bankura district, Budge Budge and some other places, police said.They also damaged some buses in some places, they said. However, buses, cars, taxis, trams were running in the metropolis though in less number. Police sources said there was no report of any violence in the city.Airport sources said there was no cancellation of any flight.South Eastern Railway sources said all their long distance trains reached Howrah station on time. Metro railway sources said their trains were running normally.The state government had made elaborate security arrangement for the bandh. The state government had also issued a circular warning government employees against any leave on the bandh day.\"All state government offices will remain open and all government officers and employees should report for duty. Government employees will not be granted any leave on May 31,\" Chief scretary Samar Ghosh said in a circular.Shutdown hits train traffic in OdishaThe movement of trains and commercial vehicles was hit in several parts of Odisha. Protesters blocked roads and highways in several areas and disrupted traffic.Train services were also hit as protesters squatted on rail tracks at the Cuttack and Bhubaneswar railway stations. Similar protests have also been reported from other parts of the state, a senior state police official said.\"There has been no report of any untoward incident from any part of the state so far. The protests have started on a peaceful note,\" he added. The state units of the Bharatiya Janata Party and Left parties are organising separate protests across the state.The BJD has also called for a shutdown against the petrol price hike.Shops shut across Himachal PradeshShops and commercial establishments were closed across Himachal Pradesh Thursday morning as activists of the ruling BJP and the CPI-M protested the hike in petrol prices.However, there was no report of traffic being held up due to the shutdown in the state.Over 6,000 shopkeepers in Shimla kept their shops closed.\"Keeping in mind the onset of tourist season, we have decided not to halt the traffic. Shops and commercial establishments would be closed during the first half of the day (till 1 p.m.),\" Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesperson Ashok Kapatia said.Tikender Panwar, a state Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) leader, said: \"The party opposes the price rise as it severely hits the common man.\"(Inputs from PTI, IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678672", "title": "Rare findings at Pattanam excavation site", "text": "KOCHI: The sixth season of the Pattanam excavations at North Paravur near Kodungalur have found 2,000 ancient pottery shreds, which according to the experts of Kerala Council for Historical Research (KCHR), are unique and new to the archaeological world.According to KCHR, which leads the excavation process, the findings are different from the already known Mediterranean, West Asian, Harappan and Chinese pottery remains and an international expertise is required to shed more light on it. Remains of a human skeleton were also found in one of the sites, which will be sent for DNA examination.KCHR head of Pattanam excavations P J Cherian, said new findings will be addressed at an international workshop which the council is planning in collaboration with the British Museum , London. \"No expert associated with the project was able to identify the shreds, with anything found elsewhere in the world. It is a challenge for the archaeological community. KCHR is hoping that the latest findings would throw light on the unknown aspects of Indian Ocean maritime traditions, culture and civilization,\" Cherian said.KCHR is pinning hopes on national and international experts, who will participate in the five-day workshop planned in September this year, with the support of the British Academy of South Asian Studies. \"The soil condition in Kerala is not good enough to preserve ancient relics and the skeletal remains we found were very fragile. But, DNA process is possible. and we will conducting it soon.The skeleton might belong to a Roman or an Indian. someone of Indian origin.Nonetheless we are sure that like the other findings in the location this too is ancient,\" said a KCHR official.The sixth season of the excavation which concluded on Wednesday will now start the post-excavation process that includes identification and classification of materials, and preservation. Forty members were part of the KCHR team. Operations were stopped due to the onset of monsoon.av.george@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679855", "title": "Election Commission aims at high turnout, to launch drive tomorrow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With an aim to push the voter turnout to a high during the assembly elections scheduled for later this year, the chief electoral officer (CEO) of Gujarat is launching a Systematic Voters Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) progarmme. As part of this, the CEO's office has decided to target youths through social networking sites. In Ahmedabad, the district collectorate will launch the SVEEP programme on June 1.In assembly polls, the highest turnout of 64.39% had been seen in 1995. Barring 1967 and 2002, the turnout in the state has always remained below 60%. In 2007, 59.77% voters exercised their franchise.Under SVEEP, the election authority wants to target those electors who are eligible to vote but remain absent from voting or have not even registered themselves in the electoral rolls. The drive will focus on inclusion of women and youth in the electoral process.The district administration will have its own pages on social networking sites and will try to connect with women and youth from their respective areas. Each district collector has been asked to take up special drive for enrolment of the youth.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said that the especial enrolment drive will begin on June 1 and will continue till June 18. College students will be given forms for inclusion of their names in the electoral rolls, along with college admission forms.During this period, others who want to apply for change in their address will also be able to do so. Details about submission of forms and download facility etc will be available on the pages on the social networking sites.Banks will also be asked to keep electoral forms and drop-boxes at their branches. One would be able to submit the form by putting it in the drop-box.\"In order to achieve a high voter turnout, the collectorate will take up the drive to create awareness about voting for the next six months. The collectorate will target colleges, universities, self-help groups, women groups and even NGOs,'' said Nehra.Focus on corporate houses, schoolsCorporate houses will be asked to ensure that all their employees are registered as voters and that they make it compulsory for each employee to vote on the polling day. Collectorate officials will go to each school and create awareness about voting among schoolchildren. The schoolchildren will be asked to force their parents to go out and vote on the polling day.4 lakh voters deletedThe Election Commission has deleted from the voter's list the names of over four lakh voters who have either migrated or died. Of these, about 20% voters have died and 20% are those who had their names registered in more than one list. The remaining had migrated to other places. In the past one year, 2.45 lakh new voters were registered and of these a large number was those who had just completed 18 years. In Ahmedabad city, Ghatlodia has the highest number of voters with 2.69 lakh, while Bapunagar has the lowest with 1.58 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685399", "title": "Censor board to get more strict on animal welfare", "text": "When it comes to using animals in films, it looks like Indian filmmakers are in for even tougher times ahead. A letter from animal activist Maneka Gandhi to the Minister Of Information &amp; Broadcasting Ms Ambika Soni has set of a flurry of activity in official quarters of the government. The letter dated 22 March 2012 from Ms Gandhi to Ms Soni clearly alleges that Bollywood film producers are \"making a fool\" of the Animal Welfare Board Of India (AWBI) and the censor board.In the letter Maneka Gandhi says, \"They (the producers) send a script but will not mention animal activity in India or will give wrong activity.Then when the film is shot they send the CD for approval to the AWBI without the schemes involving animals in it. The AWBI gives the NOC (No Objection Certificate) on the basis of the CD. The producer then reinstates the scenes and goes to the censor board with the NOC. These scenes are usually very violent. The censor board instead of questioning these scenes which are blatantly cruel, simply take it for granted that they have an NOC and pass the film.\"The letter goes on to give the example of Sajid Nadiadwala's Housefull 2 where Akshay Kumar is seen wrestling crocodiles and a python .Ms Gandhi also accuses some regional officers of the CBFC of \"blatantly ignoring the rules.\" She cites the example of the Tamil film Adukulam where the rooster fights that were the film's mainstay had not been approved of by the AWBI.The letter has triggered a flurry of debate within the censor board. A source from the censor board says there are radical changes on the anvil regarding the depiction of animals in Hindi films.Says our source, \"It will no longer be easy for filmmakers to bypass rules regarding animals. For example Nadiadwala shot the scenes with pythons and crocodiles outside India. That exempted the scenes with the animals from scrutiny and rectification by the AWBI and CBFC. The censor board is in the process of covering such loopholes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683400", "title": "When Ajay Devgn bumped into Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "Ajay Devgn had a perfect fanboy moment when he bumped into his idol Sachin Tendulkar at Mehboob studios on Wednesday afternoon.The actor, who was shooting for Son of Sardar , had stepped out for a break when he ran into Tendulkar, who was there to shoot fro a commercial. We believe, hair stylist Aalim Hakim introduced the two, who had a brief but animnated conversation about cricket and films. In the end however, it was Sachin who walked away wiser - apparently Devgn gave him all the scoop on his latest film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680810", "title": "5-year-old dies after injection, family alleges negligence", "text": "CHENNAI: The parents of a five-year-old child who died minutes after she was given an injection for indigestion and vomiting have alleged medical negligence on the part of the doctor. Police say the doctor who gave the injection was not a qualified allopathic practitioner, but a homeopath. The child's body was sent to the Government Stanley Hospital for postmortem.Police said M Kavya was taken to Jayam Hospital in Ponneri at 3.30 am on Wednesday by her father B Murthy, a supervisor at a private firm supplying axles to a leading car manufacturer. \"My child had no chronic disease or ailment. Her only complaint was vomiting. We took her to the doctor hoping he would save her,\" said Murthy.Police said Dr Hameed (27), who has completed a bachelor in electro-homeopathy course, examined the child and administered two injections - Rantac (0.5ml) and Emeset (0.5ml) - after which the child died. Dr Hameed said he had been working with the hospital for one and half years. \"I work under a qualified MBBS doctor. It was she who prescribed these injections. I had to give them as a first aid measure. The child was extremely dehydrated and I asked the family to rush the child to a bigger hospital, but they delayed,\" said Dr Hameed.The family members said they took the child to the government hospital in Ponneri, where she was declared 'brought dead'. Later in the morning, relatives and family members gathered in front of the hospital and pelted stone at glass window panes and damaged furniture. Some of them were picked up by the Ponneri police for inquiry.A case was registered under Section 174 (suspicious death) of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). \"We will take action against the doctor only after getting the postmortem report,\" said the investigation officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13681524", "title": "It\u2019s official: Romney versus Obama in White House race", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mitt Romney on Wednesday clinched the Republican nomination, winning the Texas primary and securing enough delegates to cross the bench mark of 1,144 necessary to challenge incumbent Barack Obama in November presidential polls.\"We did it!\" Romney told his cheering supporters, noting that \"it's only the beginning\" . Sixty-five-year-old Romney surpassed the 1,144 delegates needed to win the Republican nomination by winning at least 97 delegates in the Texas primary.\"An honour and a privilege and a great responsibility ,\" Romney said at a fundraiser in Las Vegas. \"And I know the road to 1,144 was long and hard, but I also know that the road to 11-06 - November 6th - is also going to be long and it's going to be hard and it's going to be worth it because we're going to get America right again.\"However, he said that the job is not done yet. \"I have no illusions about the difficulties of the task before us,\" he said. Romney would be declared the official nominee of the party at the Republican National Convention to be held in Tampa in the week of August 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680205", "title": "Ahmedabad registers 8000 mouth cancer cases every year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Until nine months ago, Paresh Dabhi (26) was a handsome man working in a diamond polishing unit and looking forward to getting married. Now, he stares at a future where people might be scared to even look at his face.On the eve of the World No Tobacco Day , Dabhi, who got hooked to gutka when he was 16, underwent a gruelling six-hour-long surgery where almost his entire mouth on the right side, including the sinus, jaw, lips and chin, was surgically removed. Only his eye could be salvaged.People like Paresh are not a rarity in Ahmedabad - a city which registers the highest incidence of 12.9 fresh cases of mouth cancer per one lakh population. An estimated 7,700 fresh cases of only mouth cancer are detected here annually. Figures revealed by Population Based Cancer Registries indicate that Ahmedabad has higher number of cases of mouth cancers than any other city in India.Doctors say that while there is a deluge of people in their 40s suffering from mouth cancer, the disease is now fast spreading among the youth in their 20s and 30s. Tongue cancer is also highly prevalent.Prime reason is the growing rate of addiction to smartly-packaged agents of cancer - gutka and chewing tobacco called 'mavo' - which are easily available, cheap and surprisingly has greater social acceptance. \"Gujaratis may frown upon smoking or drinking in front of family but chewing tobacco is easily accepted,\" says Dr Kaustubh Patel, director of head and neck cancer surgery at HCG Medisurge.\"The number of cases reported might just be the tip of the iceberg. If gutka and tobacco consumption is not curbed, we will lose far more number of productive youngsters to cancer,\" says Dr Kinner Shah, consultant head and neck cancer surgeon at Shalby Hospital .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679898", "title": "Special Investigation Team opposes Teesta Setalwad's plea to inspect original documents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the Gulbarg Society rioting case has opposed Teesta Setalwad's plea to inspect the original documents accompanied with its report. Setalwad filed the application acting on behalf of Zakia Jafri.The SIT has told the concerned metropolitan court that either Jafri or her lawyer could inspect the files. On Monday, a magisterial court had granted permission to Jafri's counsel to inspect the original report filed by the SIT on her accusations against chief minister Narendra Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots. Zakia is now on an trip abroad causing Setalwad to file application seeking permission to be part of the inspection.Earlier, the metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra had fixed Saturday afternoon for Jafri's lawyers to inspect the bulky records annexed with the SIT's 540-page report. The court had accepted the request made by Jafri's counsel Mihir Desai and the SIT also did not raise any objection. This request was made after the SIT informed the complainant that the original documents had been submitted to the court.Jafri has been claiming that the SIT has not provided her with all documents despite the Supreme Court's direction that all relevant documents be given to the complainant. On May 10, Jafri requested the court to direct the SIT to furnish 20 more documents, which according to her were missing from the voluminous report with annexure running into 22,000 pages. While this demand was pending, Jafri's counsel filed another application on Monday demanding more documents that include depositions of witnesses as made before the special courts during trials of the Naroda Patia and Gulbarg Society massacre cases.In the new application, Jafri had claimed that though SIT was in possession of the statements implicating senior cops and politicians, it has not furnished the same to the complainant. Jafri has also alleged that the SIT has not supplied a letter written by IGP A K Sharma to investigating officer Himanshu Shukla last year. Jafri claims in her plea, \"The letter has not been given to us and presumably not produced before the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679635", "title": "Fasih\u2019s wife pins hopes on tomorrow\u2019s SC hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been 18 days since mechanical engineer Fasih Mehmood was picked up by unknown men from his residence, but the investigating agencies and his wife still have no idea about his whereabouts. Twenty-two-year-old Nikhat Parveen, Mehmood's wife, has raised her voice against the authorities for failing to provide her with the answers.\"It is astounding how the authorities have remained silent and not responded to my queries,\" said Parveen. She had approached the Supreme Court and is pinning all her hopes on the hearing on June 1. On Wednesday, the SC sought response from the Centre on a plea filed by the woman seeking directions to the government for tracing her husband.The 22-year-old MBA student has been running pillar to post since May 18, making queries about her husband, who was allegedly picked up by Indian and Saudi investigators on May 13 from their residence in Jubail.\"We have approached four state governments, including those of Bihar and Karnataka, and the ministry of external affairs and home. But no one has responded,\" she said. \"The National Human Rights Commission , which should have been active as they are protectors of human rights, has also not responded,\" she said. Discussing the plethora of reports with conflicting views, Parveen said she had not been briefed by officials, which would have given her a clearer picture. \"I am not even aware of the charges against him,\" she said.At a press conference on Wednesday, Parveen revealed that after her husband's disappearance on May 13, she had managed to speak to him on May 19 when she got a call from a Saudi number.\"He was upset and spoke to me and his mother. He said he was being provided with a Holy Quran and a prayer carpet,\" she said. Parveen added that during the conversation her husband did not disclose his location and after that there has been no contact with him. \"I called back on that number. At first it used to ring but now it is switched off,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683726", "title": "Ravi Teja\u2019s \u201cSir Ostharu\u201d Shooting from June 16", "text": "Finally, the makers of Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja-starrer \"Sir Ostharu\" can breathe easy as the film is all geared for regular shooting from June 16 in Ooty. Kajal Agarwal is playing the leading lady opposite Ravi Teja in this film while the director is planning to consider Richa Gangopadhyay as the second lead.The makers earlier had a tough time in finding the heroine for this film after Trisha and Amala Paul walked out of the project citing dates problem, and as a result, the shooting schedule was delayed by a month. But things now look smooth for the production house as the lead cast of the film has been finalized. Parasuram (Bujji), who earlier directed Ravi Teja for \"Anjaneyulu\", is directing this movie, which is produced by Ashwini Dutt under Vyjayanthi Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680226", "title": "Agriculture fair showcases products designed to reduce labour", "text": "COIMBATORE: A five day agricultural trade fair , 'Agri Intex 2012' began on Wednesday at CODISSIA in the city. Firms exhibited agricultural equipment designed to reduce the use of labour in agriculture.Farmers at the exhibition said that due to severe labour shortage, they would consider buying such machines. P Aruchamy, from Udayampalayam who owns 2 acres of land, said that though he cannot afford the machines, the acute labour shortage is forcing him to think about procuring suitable machines.Officials from firms which develop agricultural infrastructure say that it may take time to convince farmers to buy such machines, but eventually they believed that they would come around.Rajesh Chikkara , assistant manager of 'Class' an agricultural machinery manufacturer, said that these are products which can reduce dependence on labour and increase the efficiency. \"We have a machine called the 'Paddy Panther 14', which can eliminate labour to a great extend. Planting an acre of land with paddy will take 3 to 4 labourers a full day. This machine can plant 3 to 4 acres of land in a day,\" he said.For many companies, the focus is on attracting the young. S Muralitharan , an official of 'Redlands' another agricultural manufacturer, said that their firm is planning to make an air conditioned cabin for their machines. \"This will appeal to youth,\" he said.Syntek Xtreme Fuel Treatment, a liquid which its manufacturers say will increase fuel efficiency and performance of vehicles. Mohan Murali, an executive of the firm said that if a millilitre is mixed with four litres of fuel, this would increase the mileage by 10 to 15 percent.The exhibition also included show pieces made from coconut products. MG Prabhakaran, an official from the coconut board said that they conduct free training programmes for those interested in developing products from coconuts. Ravindran said that art work is in great demand. Though there are many artists who make such products in Kerala and Orissa, not many people in Coimbatore develop such products, he said. \"Coimbatore is an ideal city to make such products as it is filled with coconut farms,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683848", "title": "Cinema Company", "text": "CreditsFilm: Cinema CompanyCast: Lalu Alex, Sai Kumar, Krishna, Kochu PremanMusic Director: Alphonse JosephDirector: Mamas ChandranProducer: Fareed KhanGenre: Romantic comedyRelease Date: 1 st JuneSynopsis: Cinema Company is a romantic comedy. The story revolves around a youth, his dreams, his goals and his aspirations. The movie has many new faces. Now what is gang of new comers is going to present is worth waiting for!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13680097", "title": "Envoys of Bangladesh, India to visit Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The high commissioners of India and Bangladesh are scheduled to visit Tripura on June 5 to oversee the border development projects, including the proposed bridge over Feni River in Sabroom.Before leaving for Dhaka on Wednesday, state industries and commerce minister Jitendra Choudhury said that the ministry of commerce had re-notified eight land custom stations (LCS) for Sabroom recently along with four border haats in the state. Sabroom LCS had been de-notified in 1996.He said the Indian high commissioner in Bangladesh Pankaj Saran and his Bangladeshi counterpart in India Md Tarique A Karim will make a joint visit to Sabroom, which is near the India-Bangladesh border in southern Tripura, for constructing a bridge over Feni River, connecting both the countries.Choudhury added that the diplomats' visit will be followed by a joint secretary-level five-member delegation of both the countries. They will visit the four proposed border haats in the state and the existing land custom stations for upgradation of the infrastructure and development of bilateral trade on June 9.Meanwhile, a 17-member delegation, led by Choudhury and including Tripura chief secretary SK Panda, left for Dhaka on Wednesday to take part in the three-day Indo-Bangla trade fair (IBTF), beginning on Thursday.The fair will showcase the state's handloom and handicrafts in the fair, Choudhury said, adding the chief ministers of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh and ministers and top officials of all the eight northeastern states will participate in the fair.Union minister of development of northeastern region (DoNER) Paban Singh Ghatowar along with his team will attend the trade fair to boost Indo-Bangla trade and commerce, besides strengthening bilateral relations. As many as 35 companies of both the countries will participate in the eight pavilions and 33 stalls.There will also be one-on-one meetings to boost networking among businessmen of both the countries, Choudhury said. The third Indo-Bangla trade fair has jointly been organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Indian High Commission, Indo-Bangla Trade and Commerce, and Bangla Trade and Commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679895", "title": "HC sets 22-yr-old bar girl free from women's home", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday set free a 22-year-old bar girl , who had to spend over four months in a protective home following a police raid, and lambasted the cops for detaining her despite being an adult.Vacation judge Justice R Y Ganoo was hearing a petition by Jhumki (na8me changed), challenging the magistrate's February 2 order detaining her at Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruh, Chembur \"for care, protection and training in some vocational course\". Jhumki also challenged the sessions court's March 1 order dismissing her appeal.Around 6pm on January 12, the Kandivli police raided Sindur Saptgiri Bar and Restaurant at Laljipada and rescued seven women. The police had sent a bogus customer, who revealed that women were provided to patrons for sex on the payment of Rs 1,000. But Jhumki's petition said just because \"she is a bar girl, it does not in any manner suggest or prove that she is a prostitute and was at the scene of the incident for the purpose of prostitution\".Her advocate A Z Mookhtiar said the woman is an adult who has been detained against her will. \"He said she was detained in spite of the presence of her mother, who has come from Bengal and is prepared to look after her.\"The judges asked additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia to explain how Jhumki could be detained. Kantharia said, \"As per the magistrate's order, she is of a tender age\".Justice Ganoo then said: \"Can a lady of 22 (years) be considered of tender age? How can you detain her when she is a major?\"Kantharia explained that under Section 17 (4) of the immoral trafficking prevention act, even an adult could be detained if the magistrate felt that such person needed care and protection. Jhumki was being trained to earn a livelihood, she added. \"You can teach a lady of 22 (years) how to earn her livelihood?\" asked Justice Ganoo.In his order, Justice Ganoo noted that there was a \"change of circumstances\" as a specific statement has been made that the mother will look after Jhumki. \"I'm of the view that change in circumstance has to be in% favour of the appellant (Jhumki),\" he added.Setting aside the magistrate and sessions courts' orders, Justice Ganoo directed the home to release Jhumki \"from their custody\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13681600", "title": "\u2018Well Done Abba\u2019 to inspire BDOs", "text": "PATNA: The block development officers (BDOs) are being shown Shyam Benegal directed and Boman Irani starrer film 'Well Done Abba', during a five-day exhaustive training session which started on Monday. The officials, who are closely concerned with the execution of most of the development works and flagship schemes, are advised to seek some inspirations from the Bollywood's socio-political satire movie to improve their working.All the 534 BDOs are being given training here at Bihar Institute of Public Administration and Rural Development (BIPARD) on various issues like MGNREGS, Indira Awas Yojna (IAY), watershed management, drinking water sanitation, socio-economic caste survey, role of panchayati raj institutions in development, National Rural Literacy Mission and stress management, to name a few. \"The BDOs will be imparted training on decentralization initiatives and good practices in rural development related to flagship schemes,\" rural development minister Nitish Mishra told TOI on Wednesday.The training is being imparted in groups of 30 BDOs and there will be 18 five-day sessions of the training, which will continue till the first fortnight of 2013 at BIPARD at the outskirts of the state capital.Mishra said all the BDOs will be extended back to back training at National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD) in Hyderabad. Other subjects that are part of the training are RTI, right to services, computerized issue of certificates, knowledge of software, coordination with different departments, public grievances redressal and public representative protocol.The objective is to share good practices and case studies on planning, implementation and monitoring methods in rural development programmes through lecture-cum-interactive sessions, group and panel discussion and exposure visits to block and gram panchayats.The core contents of the training will be about gram sansad of West Bengal, district planning in Karnataka, peoples' planning initiatives in Kerala and Samras gram panchayat in Gujarat. Apart from that, seven identified sectors, namely health, education, livelihood, nutrition, infrastructure, energy and civil rights, will also be part of the training.The BDOs will be required to visit self-help groups, meet major stakeholders of MGNREGS and share the overarching intent of the state to support decentralized planning process in the districts.Mishra said the BDOs come under the rural development department. Following a policy decision of the state government in 2010, several non-gazetted government employees were promoted to the rank of BDO due to the lack of the officials appointed through Bihar Public Service Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13684677", "title": "SAP India revenue grows 60% in Q1", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT solutions provider SAP India said it registered over 60 per cent revenue growth in first quarter of 2012 which ended on March 31.\"SAP India is one of the fastest growing companies within SAP worldwide with with growth rates beyond 60 per cent in 1Q'2012 and more than 4,900 customers,\" SAP's Global Executive Vice President Steve Lucas told PTI.He did not disclose more financial details specific to India.Globally, the company registered 11 per cent increase in its total revenue at 3,350 million euro compared to 3,024 million euro it had posted during the same period a year ago.SAP in India is betting big on growth of its relatively new business of IT database management which is estimated to be around 250 million Euro market for the segment by Gartner.\"India is among top 4-5 markets where we have to win... the impact that India has on global market and technology ... we cannot afford to lose,\" Lucas said.The company is world's fourth largest player after Oracle , IBM and Microsoft in database business.\"We started last year and today, we have 1 billion euros in the pipeline for HANA (SAP's data analysis solution) and 3,000 customers evaluating it globally, 400 have purchased and around 100 have deployed it. I won't be surprise if we cross 2 billion euros business by end of this fiscal,\" Lucas said.In India, SAP is estimated to lead the IT resource management software for companies with a 47.2 per cent market share. In other related IT solutions space, SAP is estimated to have 27 per cent market share in IT business intelligence solutions and 36 per cent share in IT solutions for supply chain management.SAP IT solutions include software which can inform companies or their retailers about customers probable purchase requirement by analysing previous data available with them and thus provide opportunity to increase their sales.SAP, which provides IT solutions for businesses, said it has seen India companies among early users of its modern database solution.Lucas added that SAP globally has 170,000 customers globally who are using various solutions from the company and expects them to adopt its database IT solution as well.SAP's customer base in India includes Vodafone, MTS, ONGC , Power Grid, HDFC, Essar, Tata Motors , ITC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13680018", "title": "Ulfa rebel killed in Sivasagar", "text": "JORHAT: A hardline Ulfa militant was killed by security forces at Rangamati village under Sonari police station in Sivasagar district early on Wednesday. Police recovered arms and ammunitions from the slain militant. This was the second operation against Ulfa in the three upper Assam districts of Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat this year since a group of Ulfa militants headed by chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa came forward to hold talk with the government.Police said the slain militant was identified as Robin Moran and he was a hard-core militant of the Ulfa's anti-talks faction. An AK56 rifle, an IED, two grenades, around 75 AK-series ammunitions, one time device and some camp material have also been recovered from him.\"A team of police and CRPF cobra force launched the operation around midnight at Sonari area. A group of Ulfa militants opened fire and we in retaliated. The exchange lasted for about half an hour and we eventually found a body of an Ulfa rebel with some arms and ammunitions at the spot. However, other militants fled before security forces gheraoed the camp,\" said Sivasagar ASP Lamhao Doungel.He added that four Ulfa militants were holed out in that at the area for the past few days and they tried to set up a camp there. \"According to intelligence inputs, the group came with an assignment from their top leaders to set up a camp there. They also carried out their subversive activities in some adjacent districts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13684527", "title": "For budding entrepreneurs", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: XLRI School of Business and Human Resource in Jamshedpur announced the launch of a full-time, six-month entrepreneurship management programme titled, 'Post Graduate Programme for Certificate in Entrepreneurship Management (PGP-CEM)'. The programme has been created and developed to provide the eligible students with an education that not only aims to enhance their capabilities but also stimulate promising entrepreneurs.At the launch of the programme Fr E Abraham, SJ, director, said, \"We, at XLRI are always at the forefront of innovations. According to this policy, the Entrepreneurship Development Centre (EDC) of our institute has undertaken a new initiative, to encourage entrepreneurship in the country. The programme will be extremely beneficial to all those who wish to kick-start their own businesses.\"EDC launched PGP-CEM in March 2010. Whilst two batches have already completed their course successfully, XLRI is at the threshold of launching the third round of this innovative course.The objective of the programme will be to help build effective and successful entrepreneurs, desiring to create new enterprises and to also enhance the skills of those who are currently managing their own entities. The course, commencing from this July, will be taught and pursued in a manner so as to encourage critical and lateral thinking and integrate theory with practice.The core curriculum ensures that courses included will contain general inputs on functional areas of business like finance, marketing, strategy, human resource etc, as well as fields of specific interest related to entrepreneurial development in India like family business, women entrepreneurship, social enterprises etc.Eligibility for this course requires a graduation certificate from a recognised university. Applicants will be subject to a round of personal interview and, if needed, group discussion for final selection for the course. The course fee, fixed at Rs 55,000 (along with Service Tax and Education Cess), should be paid in two equal installments. The last date for applying is May 30, 2012.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678560", "title": "India loses Rs 60,000 crore due to traffic congestion: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country loses Rs 60,000 crore a year due to congestion (including fuel wastage), slow speed of freight vehicles and waiting time at toll plazas and checking points, a study on operational efficiencies of freight transportation by roads has claimed.It said vehicles crawl at an average speed of less than 20 kmph on some key corridors such as Mumbai-Chennai, Delhi-Chennai and Delhi-Guwahati while it's only 21.35 kmph on Delhi-Mumbai stretch.The Transport Corporation of India and IIM (Calcutta) study said while India's freight volume was increasing at a compounded annual growth rate of 9.08% and vehicles were growing at 10.76%, the road length was increasing at only 4.01%. This has resulted paucity of road space to accommodate vehicles and to increase the speed.The report blamed waiting time at toll plazas as one of the main reasons for long travel time of freight vehicles on highways it surveyed. The Delhi-Mumbai route has 18 stops and the average stoppage delay is three hours, which is 3% of the total travel time. Toll stoppages account for almost 7% of the stoppage delay on an average. The findings are no different on the Delhi-Bangalore stretch.The study covered 17 major routes and found that national average of fuel mileage is only 3.96 km per litre. While it's maximum on Chennai-Kolkata corridor, it's the least at 3.44 km on the Delhi-Nagpur stretch.In an interesting observation, the report said that while average stoppage delay had reduced in 2011-12 compared to 2008-09, average speed had also slowed down. Truckers said this could be due to ongoing expansion of highways. During widening of NHs, the available road space gets reduced and vehicles take several diversions.S P Singh, a senior fellow with Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training, said truckers and logistic firms should not single out delays at toll plazas and road condition as the reasons for slow truck movement. \"You have overloaded trucks and fatigued drivers since transporters often deploy only one driver per truck against the norm of two drivers on a long trip. All these result in reduced average speed. So, transporters and logistic companies cannot pass their own failures on to the road network and toll plazas,\" he said.At the same time, the efficiency of trucks had improved because of better road network. At present, trucks in India cover at least 325-350 km per day compared to only 250 km in 1998 before the massive NH development work started by the then NDA government. \"But we need to come close to covering 500 km per day, something that some of the BRICS countries have achieved,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679613", "title": "2 labourers choke to death in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two labourers were suffocated to death while cleaning a sewer line in Sajjadbagh locality of Thakurganj on Wednesday. The deceased were identified as Mohd Ahmed (22) and Kallu (20), both residents of Thakurganj. According to reports, the incident took place between 9am and 10am.Jal Nigam was carrying out sewer line cleaning work in the Old City. At Sajjadbagh locality, Jal Nigam had given contract the cleaning of the sewer line to one Rajesh Misra , who had roped in two labourers. While the duo was cleaning the sewer line, they got suffocated. One Mohd Ashraf informed the city control room about the incident. It was after that a police team rushed to the spot and took the two labourers to Trauma Centre . The two later died in the hospital, the police said. A case against the contractor for negligence has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13681632", "title": "Tobacco use: Up and rising among Bhopal teens", "text": "BHOPAL: One in four persons consumes tobacco on a regular basis in Bhopal. Fairly big percentage, perhaps explains the reason for the city reporting second highest incidences of mouth cancer in the country. One in ten is likely to die a premature death, if tobacco consumption pattern does not drop, warn experts.Estimates population-based cancer registry at Gandhi Medical College (GMC) suggests that an estimated 6 lakh people use tobacco-in form of cigarettes or gutka or raw tobacco out of nearly 24 lakh plus population of Bhopal. If no immediate action is taken to curb its use, about 30% of 6 lakh tobacco users are likely to die prematurely-in productive age group in the near future. The cancer registry is an ICMR-funded project to record cancer cases in the country.A worrying aspect is individuals are getting hooked on to tobacco consumption before the age of 15 years. \"One in five of pre-cancer diagnosed cases is of a teenager in Bhopal ,\" said co-principal investigator of cancer registry Dr Atul Shrivastava.\"Until 1995 in Bhopal, there was not even a single patient of oral cavity cancer under the age of 34. The city reported 12 such cases last year,\" he added. It takes about 20 years of tobacco addiction to get infected. Oral cavity cancer is increasing by 2.5% per year in the city. The import of scary picture has yet to sink in as the district administration-- enforcers for effective implementation of tobacco control laws - have yet to act tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680127", "title": "Diversion of land from tiger, elephant reserves will continue to need clearance from top panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment and forests ministry on Tuesday decided to correct the internal guidelines on wildlife clearances for using forest patches in tiger and elephant reserves which will have to be approved by the National Board of Wildlife (NBWL).Media reports had said that the environment ministry amended the existing regulations to take projects requiring elephant and tiger reserves and wildlife corridors out of the purview of the NBWL.Under court orders and ministry rules, all projects that require land in protected areas, or in a 10-km radius around them, tiger reserves or elephant reserves need to be cleared by the standing committee of NBWL, which comprises wildlife experts and government officials and is chaired by the environment minister.An internal discussion began in 2009 within the ministry on taking elephant and tiger reserves out of the domain of the NBWL standing committee with some senior officials suggesting that the internal guidelines had gone beyond the purview of what the apex court had ordered.It was also pointed out that wildlife corridors or elephant reserves did not hold any legal sanctity. Wildlife corridors remain within the realm of scientific debate and elephant reserves are management demarcations done to boost money for conservation under Project Elephant but do not have any special legal treatment.Some officials within the ministry pointed out that the clearance from the wildlife board to use tiger reserve lands, unlike in the case of elephant reserves, was mandatory under the Wildlife Protection Act. In December 2011, the decision was taken to maintain status quo on this count.In another decision, the ministry had decided in 2009 that environmental clearances - a separate process - can run parallel to the forestry and wildlife clearances and can be made conditional upon project developers eventually securing both where required. While the environmental clearance process reflected this decision, the wildlife clearance side of the ministry did not fix its rules in consonance.In February 2012, it was decided to bring the wildlife clearance rules in alignment with the environmental regulations but the changed rules also removed reference to tiger, elephant reserves and corridors.Sources said the ministry had corrected this and brought tiger and forest areas of elephant reserves back under the NBWL purview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13680220", "title": "MoEF stalls approval of Gadgil report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) has stalled the approval of Madhav Gadgil-chaired Western Ghat Expert Ecology Panel (WGEEP) report which had made major recommendations for conservation and protection of ecologically-sensitive areas along the Western Ghats.Kerala and Maharashtra had submitted strong dissenting notes to MoEF, saying that the recommendations would hamper various developmental projects in their respective states.Kerala had rejected the WGEEP report that had demarcated around 66% of the taluks in the state as ecologically-sensitive zones. Forty-two taluks out of the total 63 taluks in the state were demarcated as ecologically sensitive zones(ESZ).There will not be any private development in 14 taluks, lying in close proximity to Western Ghats, which falls under ESZ-1 category.Usage of private forest land for non-forest purpose or agriculture occupation will be banned in areas coming under ESZ-1. But road and public infrastructure development will be allowed after procuring a green nod from MoEF.\"We are yet to give approval for the report. Now we will invite further suggestions and recommendations from all stakeholders as the issue is very sensitive in nature,\" a senior MoEF official said. MoEF officials admitted that there was a huge pressure from various states/ agencies to reject the report as they felt that this will adversely affect many hydel and thermal projects along the Konkan belt in Maharashtra and Kerala.The Union minister for environment and forest Jayanti Natarajan had written to chief minister Oommen Chandy last year, asking for inputs before declaring areas in the state as eco-sensitive regions.The state government replied that if zonal restrictions, as per the proposed Western Ghats conservation programme, come into effect, the whole state will come under some type of zonal regulation.In its reply, the state pointed out that there are a number of ecologically-regulated zones like CRZ, wetlands, Ramsar site etc existing here already and further zonal regulation will make development activities cumbersome.Meanwhile, environmentalists said that the WGEEP report was prepared after extensive consultations with various stakeholders including state governments and local communities. \"The draft report was earlier put on the MoEF website, inviting suggestions from all stakeholders The concept of ecologically-sensitive areas was arrived after detailed interactions with stakeholders, site visits and application of scientific norms.The report is in accordance with the wishes of the local community and will definitely protect the environment. The report needs to be ratified urgently,\" said Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz foundation, an NGO. which has filed a PIL on mining related issuesin Western Ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678615", "title": "UK consulate opens in Hyderabad today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The United Kingdom is all set to announce its consulate in Hyderabad on Thursday making it the only country to have a consulate in all southern states except Kerala. This would be the third consulate office coming up in Hyderabad, the first being that of Iran , then the US consulate that opened in October 2008.For now, the consulate - to be headed by a deputy high commissioner - is expected to work out of a city hotel before it moves to a permanent address. The UK consulate would bring the city closer to realizing its London dream which has to otherwise route its visa applications through the consulate office in Chennai.Getting UK visa to become easierUntil now, the city had an application collection centre for UK visas that were sent to Chennai. The process took about a week to ten days, a period that is expected to be shortened now. Andhra Pradesh sends a large number of students and professionals to UK every year.The consulate is set to place Hyderabad firmly on the global travel map, which the city has been figuring in over the last few years particularly after the international airport at Shamshabad came up. The city already has direct connectivity to UK with a daily British Airways flight to London.The flight reports more than 80% occupancy on most days, say official sources. Frequent flyers in the city hope that the consulate's presence in Hyderabad would connect city airport to more destinations in UK.Consulate offices often act as confidence boosters among travelers from their home nations, who feel comfortable visiting a city that has their consulate office. The consulate presence would also better people to people contact and an increased opportunity for state residents to avail of the various fellowships and scholarships of the UK government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679695", "title": "Inspect children homes, HC tells rights body", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) to inspect all children's homes in the city to judge their living conditions and submit a report by Friday.A bench of Justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg also directed Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA) to verify the orders passed by all six Child Welfare Committees while transferring the children to their native places.The bench passed the order while hearing a report filed by the court-appointed panel alleging the Child Welfare Committee, Sansakar Ashram Complex, Dilshad Garden, has failed to monitor an NGO which runs the orphanage Apna Ghar at Mansarovar Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680783", "title": "Viswanathan Anand defies age, challenges young man-game theory", "text": "CHENNAI: With players making the Grandmaster cut at the age of 12 or 13, chess is increasingly being seen as a young man's game. But Viswanathan Anand's victory on Wednesday at the age of 42 has renewed the debate on whether age has anything to do with performance.Anand prevailed over older rival Boris Gelfand of Israel , 43, via a tiebreaker to assert his supremacy in match play and in the process made a mockery of the rating system in the game which has 22-year-old Magnus Carlsen of Norway at the top , 28-yearold Levon Aronian of Armenia at No. 2 and teenager Fabiano Caruana of Italy at No 8.Anand's triumph would also probably bring back the debate over the traditional match play format being out of fashion, with younger players finding it boring and unwieldy. It doesn't really matter. It is a tribute to Anand's prowess that he has mastered a format that he was not comfortable with when he was a young player himself and managed to stay on top even when the youth brigade overtook him in the ratings list over the past 12 months.\"I am relieved,\" Anand said after the match in Moscow. He refused to admit that he was the favourite to win the rapid tiebreaker games. \"I knew I would get my chances but I don't think I was the favourite when the games started.\"So what is the next stage for the fivetime World champion ? He will most probably play his next title contest at home , maybe in Chennai next year, and will have to contend with opponents in their 20s. Is age catching up with him?\"Chess is a very strenuous sport . You can see that the top players are getting younger all the time,\" Anand told TOI during the match. \"W e have Magnus (Carlsen ) and (Fabiano ) Caruana in the top 10.\"The match between the seniors in Moscow mostly centred round theoretical contests and perhaps lacked the intensity of a World championship contest . Was it because the contestants were both in their 40s? \"Like I said stamina has become a very important aspect . If you have a small advantage you should know how to keep pushing till your rival breaks down . This could take seven hours and if you make a mistake you could be busted almost immediately,\" Anand said.Anand is perhaps the most practical chess player around. Like Sachin Tendulkar , who has grown steadier with age, the world champion knows when to press and when to pull back. The world may wonder why Anand did not press in the two classical games when he had white and huge time advantage against Gelfand, but the world champion had clearly calculated both the risks and the potential gains in such situations.The Kasparovs may say a world champion after 40 is an excess baggage for chess, but the Anands prove that there are exceptions to the rule .ANAND'S WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP JOURNEY1991: Qualified for Candidates matches, beat Alexei Dreev before losing to Anatoly Karpov1995: Lost Fide semis to Gata Kamsky , lost PCA final to Garry Kasparov1997: Lost Fide final to Karpov via tiebreak in Lausanne2000-01 : beat Alexei Shirov in Teheran for Fide knockout title2001: Lost to Ivanchuk in Fide knockout semis2005: Finished second in tournament format at San Luis behind Veselin Topalov .2007: Won in tournament format at Mexico for unified title2008: beat Vladimir Kramnik in Bonn, Germany, to be undisputed champ2010: beat Topalov in Sofia, Bulgaria2012: beat Boris Gelfand in Moscow via tiebreak.* Has been world champion since 2007VARIOUS FORMATS IN WHICH ANAND HAS WON HIS TITLESHe has won the title five times in four different formats, an achievement likely to remain unsurpassed.1. Fide KO: beat Shirov in final2. Tournament format: Won in Mexico 20073. Matchplay: beat Kramnik and Topalov in stipulated number of games.4. Triumph through tiebreak: Wednesday against Gelfand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683529", "title": "MJ's note to ex-wife pulled out of auction", "text": "A hand written note by Michael Jackson in which he complains of being unable to sleep has been withdrawn from auction at the request of the late pop legend's former wife Lisa Marie Presley , the auction house revealed.Jackson, who died in 2009 after asking his doctor to give him a powerful anesthetic to help him sleep, wrote the note to Presley sometime between 1993-1996, when they were close friends, Stuff.co.nz reported.\"Lisa I truly need this rest I haven't slept litterally (sic) in 4 days now. I need to be away from phones and business people. I must take care of my health first Im'(sic) crazy for you,\" the handwritten note, scrawled on yellow paper read.Julien's Auctions, which had listed the letter in an upcoming celebrity memorabilia sale, said that it pulled the note from its Music Icons auction on June 23rd and 24th at Presley's request.\"I'm assuming that it's because the note is of a personal nature, and we want to honour the request and continue our good relationship with Ms Presley,\" chief executive Darren Julien said.The 'Thriller' singer had struggled with insomnia for several years while alive. His personal physician, Dr Conrad Murray , told police shortly after Jackson's death that the 50-year-old pop star pleaded for help sleeping during a long, restless night at his home on June 25, 2009, the day he died.Murray was convicted last year of involuntary manslaughter after delivering a fatal dose of propofol - normally used to sedate patients for surgery - and a cocktail of sedatives to Jackson. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679024", "title": "\u2018New liquor policy in two days\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cabinet sub-committee on the draft liquor policy met on Wednesday to consult civil society groups even while it deliberated on the blueprint drawn up by the excise department. Acknowledging the stakeholders' concerns, the sub-committee decided to work on a comprehensive policy.A source in the government said that the policy would be finalized at the next meeting of the sub-committee. Despite excise minister K Parthasarthi mooting the idea of getting liquor manufacturers to run multi-brand retail shops, distillers much prefer the government to take over the liquor trade.As a result, it is three models that are in front of the cabinet sub-committee which is expected to finalize the new liquor policy by next week - government running retail outlets, private retailers operating on fixed-fee licence and, a combination of government shops and private outlets. \"We have taken the views of all stakeholders. I think the policy will be finalized in a couple of days,\" minister Parthasarthi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13681408", "title": "Underground parking at HC opens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city's first automated underground parking opened on Wednesday. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit inaugurated the multilevel facility on Sher Shah Suri Marg that has space for 1,467 cars on five levels, and can accommodate 51 more cars on the first basement in emergencies.It is expected to make parking easy for visitors to the high court and nearby places like India Gate, Pragati Maidan, National Stadium , Rajpath and the zoo while improving traffic flow on Mathura Road and Sher Shah Suri Marg. A spokesperson of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which has built the Rs 182.7 crore parking, said, \"There will be ample parking space. While high court advocates and staff will not be charged, the general public , including litigants, will be able to use the parking for a fee\" . Visitors will be charged Rs 10 per hour and Rs 50 for a full day.Built with Korean technology , the new facility opposite gate number 4 of the high court will add to the surface level parking space of 250 vehicles within the high court complex.As a result, visitors will not need to park on the main carriageway of Sher Shah Suri Marg, its service lane and the inner roads of nearby colonies. Roughly 1,100 vehicles are parked around the court daily. Police say decongestion of these roads will improve traffic flow. \"Apart from providing parking space, it will be good for traffic management in the vicinity of the high court. It will also improve the overall safety of the area,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Vehicles will enter and exit from the first basement. The parking is connected with the high court through an underground pedestrian way and also has an escalator . Litigants will be issued passes on this route after frisking by Delhi Police.To park a vehicle, a driver will have to leave it in one of the 20 lifts available on the first basement. Cars will be automatically taken down and parked in available slots by 50 trolleys. While the maximum parking/retrieval time is three minutes, around 400 vehicles can be parked in an hour, said officials.The parking's sixth basement is meant for taller vehicles , like SUVs, and has a higher ceiling. Sensors in the lifts will automatically identify the bigger vehicles and park them on the sixth basement.\"At present, there are some parking attendants to help users, but they will not be required once people become familiar with the system,\" said a DMRC spokesperson .Around 7,000 sq metre area of the deck slab has been landscaped. There's an amphitheatre , seating, a cafeteria , a drivers' lounge and public conveniences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13685946", "title": "Mixed response to NDA's Bharat bandh in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Orange city extended partial response to the nationwide bandh call by National Democratic Alliance (NDA) against the petrol price hike.The shops and business establishments remained closed in certain localities but public remained on the streets just like any other day. Around half-dozen buses, including five in city and outskirts, were learnt to be damaged by the protestors at different places. Most of the private offices too functioned. The examinations held by the RTM Nagpur university also learnt to have taken place as per the schedule. Railway was normal and the trains were on time. Around 46 persons, including BJP's Zilla Parishad president, were arrested in different offences across the city where the political activists otherwise maintained an unexpected low-key during the bandh call.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that stray incidents of stone pelting were reported from some areas but overall the situation is under control. \"Some of the miscreants took us by surprise by indulging in vandalism before the security bandobast could be despatched to the different pockets on the eve of the bandh,' said Dhanvijay.The CP added that the miscreants were left with no room to continue their violence on the bandh-day.\"Some of the petrol pumps were kept closed,\" he said. Around 14 buses, including a fleet of nine starbuses, have been damaged so far. The several top political leaders and BJP's Members of the legislative assembly Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhakar Deshmukh and Krishna Khopde led a rally of bandh supporters, starting from Ramnagar, in the morning. BJP's Central Nagpur MLA Vikas Kumbhare led an agitation with his followers at Mahal where the Bandh supporters tried to force some shops down shutters which led to tension.Police's timely intervention did not allow the incident to snowball. Around dozen of BJP supporters were rounded up by Kotwali police. Similar incidents were also reported from Sitabuldi where some of the shopkeepers had heated altercation with the bandh supporters. Around eight persons were arrested by Sitabuldi police station. It was also learnt that all the banks, including the nationalized ones, were open. Attendance was also normal at the office of the Accountant General (Audit) II where the workers' union staged demonstration in the morning to express their support towards the bandh.The flights were on schedule at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport. Sources from the airport claimed that it was another normal day at the airport with the Bandh effect remained negligible here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679116", "title": "CM to begin 'Seva Yatra' from Friday", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who was to kick-start his 'Seva Yatra' in Bhagalpur from Thursday, has postponed his programme for a day in view of the NDA-sponsored Bharat bandh in protest against the steep hike in petrol prices.The CM, who left for Bhagalpur on Wednesday afternoon by road, earlier said that at the suggestion of state JD (U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh, he has postponed his yatra on Bharat bandh day. \"I shall be in Bhagalpur but not venture out. Initially, I was scheduled to visit some places,\" he said. He will undertake yatra on Friday and Saturday.The JD (U) has extended support to the bandh and its workers will enforce the general strike across the state, for which party cadres have been issued instructions.A large number of ministers and legislators visited the CM's residence with bouquets to see him off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13678529", "title": "Murder case accused convicted", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Mavelikkara additional session court (second) judge A Badaruddin on Wednesday convicted Viswarajan (23), a native of Oachira, in connection with the rape and murder of a woman in 2011.Smitha, a widow and mother of a 14-year-old girl, was raped and murdered by Viswarajan on October 24, 2011 when she was going home at Koippallykarazhama within Kayamkulam police station limits.The court convicted him under sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 376 r/w 511 (attempt to commit rape) and 302 (murder) of the IPC.The court will pronounce the quantum of punishment on Thursday.During the trial, special public prosecutor S Raman Pillai argued that Viswarajan had raped and murdered Smitha. However, the magistrate said there was no evidence to prove that she was raped by Viswarajan. So he was convicted under Section 376 r/w 511 for attempt to commit rape. There were 48 witnesses in the case.Raman Pillai said he argued in the court that Viswarajan, who was accused in two more rape cases was a threat to society and should be given capital punishment.Viswarajan was held by the Kayamkulam police after his mobile was found in the marshy land where Smitha was found in an unconscious state on October 24.Smitha, who was working as a sales woman in a shop at Kayamkulam, is survived by her daughter Varsha, father Ramakrishnan Achary and mother Ramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680052", "title": "Ahmedabad: Forms for admissions to engineering, pharmacy courses be accepted till June 14", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has extended the date of accepting admission forms for engineering and pharmacy courses from June 4 to June 11.The date had to be extended as Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) students are yet to get marksheets.The HSC (science) result of CBSE was announced recently, but the officials have been told that it will be still a week till the mark sheets are reached to the respective schools.The ACPC officials had requested the schools to submit the practical marks, while the theory marks can be downloaded from the internet, but the schools said it would not be possible. Following this, the date for accepting forms has been extended.So far the ACPC has sold 63,029 booklets, while 55,788 students have completed their registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13681303", "title": "British government rejects appeal on student visa curbs", "text": "LONDON: The British government on Wednesday rejected an appeal by nearly 70 top university heads to review changes to the student visa regime that is likely to put off students from India and other non-EU countries from coming to the UK.In a letter to PM David Cameron , university heads noted the economic and other contributions made by international students, and said Britain stood to lose out on the highly competitive international student market unless the recent changes were reviewed.The curbs on student visas are intended to reduce the number of international students and prevent abuse, but critics say students should not be counted as immigrants since their stay is temporary.Immigration minister Damian Green rejected the contention saying, \"Public confidence in statistics will not be enhanced by revising the way the net migration numbers are presented by removing students.Students coming to the UK for over a year are not visitors - their numbers affect communities, public services and infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681484", "title": "Tribals gangs pose a challenge to cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The consecutive attacks by criminal gangs in Mau and then in Ballia and Allahabad pose a major challenge to UP police.While Allahabad police have been compiling inputs with the help of their counterparts in Mau, Ghazipur and Ballia, but results are yet to be seen.In Allahabad, suspected criminal tribe committed two incidents in Meja and Naini police circles within a month. But, the police are yet to get any leads.\"We are probing the two cases and initial investigations suggest the involvement of the criminal tribes,\" said a police officer associated with the probe.The district police claimed to have worked on a seven-point charter to check the activities of criminal tribes. While probing the Naini dacoity case where armed criminals had looted booty worth Rs 10 lakh after killing a youth, police learnt that the gang had also looted silver ornaments from a temple.Before this incident, they had looted Rs 20 lakh in Meja after injuring a middle-aged couple. DIG has instructed the district police to conduct patrolling from midnight till 4am in crime-prone areas.Allahabad range DIG N Raviendra said: \"Guidelines have been issued to cops to maintain a strict vigil in areas located near railway station, bus stands and prime road links, where population is less. Cops must keep an eye on persons who frequent these areas or those who are living on temporary basis.\" The cops have been asked to keep an eye on dhabas to check the movement of criminal tribes, he added.In Allahabad region, five major incidents were registered with police between 2009 and May this year. Criminal tribes had committed a triple murder-cum-dacoity in Georgetown in 2009. Two incidents took place in Chandpur and Bindiki police circles of Fatehpur in 2009 and 2010 respectively.And now the latest incidents have been in Meja and Naini where the tribal gangs targeted a middle-aged couple and looted cash and valuables worth several lakhs.The police claimed to have strengthened intelligence network. Teams have been assigned a special task to tighten the noose around criminal tribal gangs, known as 'Ghumantu' (nomads) like Bawaria and Kanjar, who usually strike ahead of monsoon.The police have started a series of checks at 22 identified spots, where immigrant labourers reside. The cops have even taken three posh colonies under the scanner that were targeted by the criminals in last two years. The list also includes houses that are under-construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13682974", "title": "Peddlers in customs trouble", "text": "Should we call it a case of good intentions wasted? TOI has learnt director Vasan Bala and co-producer Guneet Monga of Peddlers, the only Indian film in the running at Cannes this year, were held up by customs at the Mumbai International Airport on Wednesday.Their crime: they were carrying iPads, that too gifted to them by producer Anurag Kashyap to celebrate the success of Peddlers ' screening as part of the competition for the International Critics Week at Cannes. Apparently, the custom officers asked the duo for declarations as their iPads were brand new. We can only imagine how Anurag's gesture might have been reduced to a bad memory in the minds of both Vasan and Guneet while they underwent all of this.An insider revealed, \"The custom officers asked for a bill and made Vasan and Guneet pay 36% duty for a gift they had received from Anurag. Moreover, they were extremely rude and told Vasan and Guneet they should know before travelling that there is a duty on carrying iPads. It was extremely embarrassing and very unpleasant. They felt terrible this was the welcome they got in their homeland after bringing pride to the country on an international platform.\" When contacted, Vasan Bala said, \"It's strange that laptops are okay because it's old technology but since the iPad is new, it gives some scope for detention and scrutiny. I also overheard it's an either/or situation (either one laptop or one iPad). Both apparently cannot be carried without declaration. So strange! It's best to carry nothing.\" Meanwhile Guneet Monga said, \"Our iPads were gifted to us by Anurag for the successful screening of our film Peddlers at the Cannes Film Festival. How do they expect us to carry receipts? It's very troublesome and unnecessary. Very disappointing to land in our own country and be treated like this. While I tried to reason it out, I was told I would be put behind bars. For what, is something I'd like to know?\" Meanwhile, Peddlers stars Gulshan Devaiah, Siddharth Menon, Nimrat Kaur and Kriti Malhotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679955", "title": "Kendrapada boy tops medical entrance", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Kendrapada boy Prasanjit Pattanayak topped the coveted medical wing of Odisha joint entrance examination (OJEE) while city lad Hruday Ranjan Sahoo came first in the OJEE-engineering.\"I expected to secure a good rank but never thought that I will top the list,\" said Prasanjit, who completed his Plus II from BJB (Junior) College in 2010 with 80 per cent marks. Prasanjit has also come first in pharmacy.A resident of Gulasingh village near Thakurpatna, Prasanjit was preparing with the help of a private coaching centre in city. \"I attribute my success to my self-determination, hard work, guidance at the coaching and my parental support,\" he said. Prasanjit said he studied for six to eight hours daily. \"I learnt time management from the coaching centre but being clear in one's fundamentals is essential to excel in any entrance,\" he said after cracking the entrance in his third chance.Prasanjit's father Mahendra Kumar works in a public sector bank while his mother Suprabha is a nursing professional.Swadhinata Sahoo, a resident of Keonjhar district was topper among women in medical with an overall rank of fourth. \"I expected to be within 10,\" she said.Swadhinata, who completed her Plus II in 2011 from BJB Junior College with 86 per cent marks, said only hard work can bring success to a person. \"After not doing well in the medical entrance last year, I started working hard and gave around 8 to 10 hours to study. Besides, coaching too helped a lot,\" said Swadhinata, who attended a private coaching in city.Engineering topper Hruday, a student of DAV Public School in Bhubaneswar's Unit VIII area, expected to be among the top 10. \"I had done extremely well in the entrance and hoped to be among the toppers though I did not imagine that I could be number one,\" he said.Hruday attributed his success to his parents, school teachers and the private coaching institute. \"Self confidence and commitment are important to succeed. There is no short-cuts. One has to toil hard. I consistently studied for 8 to 10 hours daily,\" said the resident of IRC village.Hruday's father Hrusikesh is a geologist while mother Ranjita is a homemaker.Hruday who has secured 4070 rank in IIT-JEE aspires to join an IIT and study computer science. \"I will wait for the AIEEE results before deciding one where to join. But I will prefer IIT,\" he said.Subhadarshini Parhi, a resuident of Narwapahar, was topper among women in engineering with an overall rank of 15th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685769", "title": "Kristen Stewart 'really proud' of topless scene", "text": "Kristen Stewart has said that she is \"really proud\" of going topless in her forthcoming movie 'On The Road'.The 22-year-old actress admitted that she expected a fuss over her semi-naked scene in the film.\"People are really predictable. I completely expected that,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling E!\"I can't say it's not a little bit jarring, but it's jarring in the right way. I wanted it to be. I'm really proud of it.She said she didn't know what to expect from audiences when the film premiered earlier this month at the Cannes Film Festival.Kristen confessed: \"Everyone could have gotten up and booed, but our row would have gotten up and cheered.\"We all really do love it, so it would be like, 'Let's go have a drink!',\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13678900", "title": "St Mary's to launch alumni club", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: On the lines of the leading business and engineering colleges, St. Mary's English School, one of the oldest English medium schools here, will have an alumni club.With an aim to integrate the former students with the current ones, the school has announced launching the alumni club next month. The seven-decade old institution, which has many of its former students well settled in different parts of the country and also in abroad, has decided to bring the doctors, engineers, managers, civil servants and corporate honchos, who were once students, under one platform annually. \"Primarily the idea is to ensure the current students get support from the former students in terms of idea, advice and direction as far as preparations from the competitive exams is concerned,\" said Fr. David Vincent, the newly appointed principal of the school.The alumni club shall aim for organizing medical camps, literacy drive and empowerment schemes in the rural hinterland of the Singhbhum region .\"Since several of our former students are doctors, engineers and civil servants, I look forward to their support and cooperation in carrying out rural empowerment projects through alumni club,\" said the principal who himself was involved in social empowerment schemes before joining the school. The alumni are the ambassadors of the schools. \"They will bring fresh ideas to the schools,\" said the principal.St. Mary's English School was founded by the late Stanley Rose Meyer and his wife Ethel Rose Meyer in 1943. According to school authorities, the alumni club shall also take up initiatives, as and when required, for collecting funds for the school corpus so as to ensure carrying out infrastructure building projects, at the later stage.\"Seeking funds for school corpus is not bad. And, if the alumni take up this job on their own, it's most welcome,\" said an official in the administrative wing of the school.The school students have responded encouragingly to the alumni club idea. \"Definitely, it's a good initiative. It will help the current students learn the ropes of success from their predecessors through interactive sessions,\" said Smiriti, a school student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13678833", "title": "Deputy mukhiya, two others killed in Gumla", "text": "Gumla: Suspected armed criminals of the Patrick Toppo gang gunned down three persons, including a deputy mukhiya, at Koyejara village , 20 km from the district town, late on Tuesday night. The deceased were identified as Bhubneshwar Mahto, the deputy mukhiya of Kasira panchayat in Gumla block, Kakeshwar Oraon and Chhunnu.\"The incident took place about 9.30pm on Tuesday when Mahto was sitting in the house of one Ashok Gop at Koynara village while Oraon and Chhunnu were outside the house,\" said DSP Arif Ekram. He said the bodies were handed over to families after autopsy was carried out on Wednesday.He said the deputy mukhiya was residing at Gumla town and had gone to attend a gram-panchayat meeting at Kasira panchayat and after that he went to house of Ashok Gop. Around 8-10 armed criminals reached there and first shot Oraon and Chhunnu and then killed Mahto with automatic weapon.\"Rivalry is suspected to be reason behind the triple murder while the possibility of demand for ransom could not be ruled out,\" Ekram said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679629", "title": "Cylinder blast kills 5 in Trombay", "text": "MUMBAI: Five people were killed and about 40 injured when a portion of a Trombay building collapsed following a cylinder explosion in a bakery housed in the structure on Wednesday.The tragedy occurred around 1.30pm as a cooking cylinder reportedly burst on the ground floor of Uzair Bakery at Cheeta Camp. Su8ch was the force of the blast that it blew off a part of the building, damaged neighbouring homes and injured passers-by and neighbours, some seriously.Fires were seen blazing in several parts of the bakery.Officials said 30 of the injured were rushed to Sion Hospital, about 13 to Shatabdi in Deonar, and one to Jupiter Hospital. Three-12-year-old Zahir Shaikh, 25-year-old Mohammad Afroz Shah and Iftikhar, said to be in his 20s-died at Sion Hospital, while two women succumbed to their injuries at Shatabdi. One of the women has been identified as 30-year-old BARC employee Malliga Arundadriya.The fire department said it was still to ascertain the cause of the blast. Firemen, who doused the blaze and carried out rescue operations till late in the evening, recovered four LPG cylinders from the bakery.Deputy commissioner of police (zone VI) Manoj Lohiya said, prima facie, it looked like the explosion was caused due to a \"blockage in the high-temperature baking furnace\". The police have registered a case against the bakery's owner, Mohammad Yasin, under section 304(A) of the Indian Penal Code for causing death due to negligence.Locals alleged the structure, which housed the one-year-old bakery and several other small-scale manufacturing units, was illegal. \"This is a residential area and we had been complaining about this commercial structure for a long time,\" said Yasir Sharif. \"I had written several letters to the civic body but no action was taken.\"Assistant municipal commissioner of M-East ward Amit Dave said the claims of illegality needed to be verified. Another civic official, meanwhile, revealed that the bakery did not possess the required fire-fighting equipment. \"When we went inside, we found no fire-fighting equipment. We will carry out a probe and take action against the bakery owner,\" he said.Recalling the magnitude of the blast, locals said the reverberations could be heard far away, but were felt most by those close to the bakery. Arundadriya was returning home along with her sister Vijaya for lunch when the building collapsed. Vijaya too was seriously injured and has been admitted to Sion Hospital.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said, \"We are still gathering details of those injured and killed to know how many of them were bakery employees, customers, locals and so on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13678130", "title": "British men prefer breasts, Argentinians butts: Study", "text": "LONDON: Gentlemen may prefer blondes but Argentinian men prefer buttocks and British prefer breasts, a new study has revealed. Two separate studies watched the responses of male undergraduates to the female form, using eye-tracking and questionnaires, and concluded that Argentinian men tended to ogle downwards, whereas British men's eyes went up.\"There is little empirical research that has examined individual differences in male preferences for specific traits - favouring breasts over buttocks,\" the Daily Mail quoted the Argentinian study as sayingreported.Hard-looking men sacrifice more: Men with a more aggressive appearance, typically those with wider faces, are more likely to sacrifice themselves to help friends or colleagues, a new study has revealed. The study has been published in the journal Psychological Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678248", "title": "Terminal market project in doldrums", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite all the efforts by the Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board (MSAMB), Nagpur division to procure 100 acre land and seek sanction of the 'Terminal Market' or TM project here under a centrally-sponsored scheme, the future or the project seems in doldrums. In fact due to the lethargy, apathetic attitude and lack of initiative of Vidarbha leaders towards all developmental projects city may lose the precious project. The project has about 41% stake in the project while state has the remaining 51%.Sources in the board told TOI that the TM was sanctioned during the cabinet meeting held last week by the state government. But since MSAMB of Nashik division has not managed to identify and procure the required 100 acre land, neither the officials of the MSAMB headquarters nor the state agriculture minister would pursue the project further unless regional leaders push it ahead.\"It is not our fault if the Nashik administration has not managed to get the land. But more disheartening is the reality that our leaders are not even aware of the project. And even if they were, they neither have the will nor courage to raise the issues with highest authorities in state like the western Maharashtra leaders,\" said an office bearer of an industrial NGO in the city during a seminar on agriculture.The central government had sanctioned nine TMS for country including these two in the state in 2005-06 under the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) and the state government brought a GR for the same in 2010. Centre has already released Rs150 crore each for Nagpur and Nashik. But since MSAMB headquarter at Pune is known to give a damn to Vidarbha in most projects, promoters of the concept in city say the union government would not be bound to release the next instalment unless state shows utilization of the released money.When asked about the status of the project, MSAMB divisional manager in city AM Katkar told TOI that the TM would be developed on Public Private Partnership (PPP) basis and Hub and Spoke Model. \"We have already procured the 100 acre land in Warangana village on Wardha road before Butibori (about 20km from city). The last cabinet gave an official nod to the market in city. We have support from the agriculture department as well as the board,\" he said.MP Vilas Muttemwar said that as of now no one has approached him about the project. \"Yet since I have been told about it now, I will pursue the issue with the chief minister of Maharashtra. But it is also the duty of state government and other regional leaders to take union leaders into confidence about all developmental projects so that we know what we should be pursuing further,\" he said.What is a terminal market?Terminal market ideally is meant to possess all the facilities for procuring agriculture produce including perishable products like fruits and vegetables, storing in cold stowages (of at least 10 MT), cold chains, processing units and domestic and export sales. It is aimed at bringing more remunerative returns to farmers and will be connected to production areas and collecting centres through hub and spoke concept.It will also have modern marketing infrastructures like electronic auctioning facility, pre-cooling, ripening chambers, grading packaging facilities and other allied infrastructures like banks.The Nagpur MSAMB has proposed about Rs 160 crore for the terminal market. The project besides the cold stowages and godowns also has provision for processing unit of soyabean with products like tofu (soya paneer) and yogurt. Haldiram is learnt to have shown interest in soyabean unit while the Wadhwani group has shown inclination for cold chain process. Orange processing unit is also one element.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679960", "title": "HC dismisses plea against Justice Kabir's date of birth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked over what it termed a \"motivated petition\", the Delhi High Court on Wednesday dismissed a PIL by an NRI seeking direction to the Centre to hold an inquiry to determine the date of birth of Justice Altamas Kabir, who is likely to become the next chief justice of India in September.\"The petition is totally motivated and is dismissed with a cost quantified as Rs 20,000,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said while rejecting the contention that there was a mystery over the date of birth of Justice Kabir who is expected to succeed Justice S H Kapadia as CJI.The court agreed with the plea of additional solicitor general A S Chandhiok, appearing for the Centre, that the petition was motivated as Justice Kabir, as a high court judge, had once decided a case against the petitioner, Nirmal Jit Singh Hoon, an NRI.\"There is no question of an inquiry to determine the age of Hon'ble Justice Altamas Kabir at this stage,\" the bench said, adding that a proper verification was carried out before a person was elevated as a judge of the high court. The court's decision came on the plea of Hoon alleging that Justice Kabir's date of birth was not clear and without determining this, he was elevated as a judge of the Supreme Court and now in due course, he would be the chief justice.\"How the issue of the date of birth could be a mystery? This could be mystery to you, but it cannot be a mystery for the government of India and the Supreme Court,\" the bench said. The petition alleged that the matriculation certificate of Justice Kabir was missing from his service records and evasive responses were given to Hoon on his petitions under RTI.Justice Kabir, the senior-most judge after CJI S H Kapadia, was the chief justice of Jharkhand HC before being elevated to the apex court in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681461", "title": "India has high incidence of oral cancer, say doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As the entire world stands against use of tobacco in its various forms, doctors of the city, experts in the field of diagnosing and treating the deadly ailment, have come out against its use through highlighting the facts and the health problems associated with it.Speaking on the menace, Dr Ravi Mehrotra of the department of Pathology, MLN Medical College, said: \"Tobacco epidemic kills nearly six million people every year globally, of which more than five million are users and ex-users. More than six lakh are non-smokers exposed to second-hand smoking. As is well known, India has a high incidence of oral cancer, accounting for one-third of the world's burden. It is of the five leading causes of cancer. Time has come to make people aware of its dangers.\"Tobacco use, including smokeless tobacco and excessive alcohol consumption, are prominent risk factors in oral cancer, being estimated to account for about 90% of oral cancers, he added. Tobacco mixtures also cause numerous other oral and dental diseases that can be very debilitating and disfiguring, said the professor who has published several papers on the prevalence of the deadly ailments in its different forms.He further said that every year nearly 10 lakh people in India die due to tobacco-related disease like cancer, cardiovascular problems etc. After high blood pressure , tobacco consumption is the biggest contributor to the epidemic of non-communicable diseases that include heart attack, stroke , cancer, etc. Smokers are more susceptible to communicable diseases like tuberculosis and pneumonia.Another expert, Dr B K Mishra, said: \"As per WHO data, tobacco use is growing fastest in low and middle-income countries. By 2030, more than 80% of the world's tobacco-related deaths will be in these countries. The costs related to tobacco use are significant. Most tobacco related deaths occur among working age adults.\"\"There are immediate and long-term health benefits of quitting for all smokers as after stopping it, within 20 minutes the heart rate and blood pressure drops, within 12 hours the carbon monoxide level in the blood drops to normal and from 2-12 weeks the lung function increases, One-year risk of coronary heart is half,\" said Dr Mishra.Talking on the benefit of quitting smoking at a specific age, Dr Mishra said if one quits smoking at an age of 30 years, one gains almost 10 years of life expectancy.The number of people smoking tobacco in the form of cigarettes and 'bidis' may not have increased as rapidly as predicted due to increased awareness and the ban of smoking in public places. However, the use of smokeless tobacco in the form of 'dohra' (especially in this part of the state), paan masala, gutka and surti has been on the increase by leaps and bounds.\" said Dr Mehrotra.Commenting on the menace, Dr Ashish Tandon said that according to the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC, Lyon), there are a total of 43 carcinogenic agents found in tobacco smoke. It is a common perception that tobacco contains only carcinogen and addicting substances like nicotine. However, a host of other substances have been incriminated. Most commonly, tobacco is added to paan, a betel quid mixture. Here, Areca nut, a common component of betel quid, contains the alkaloid drugs arecoline, muscarine and pilocarpine, which in small doses can produce calming and sometimes mildly stimulating effects.Dr Mehrotra said that a study published in \"Tobacco Control\" found that if nations immediately implemented the proven, cost-effective tobacco control policies called for by the World Health Organization , they would reduce global adult smoking rates by 44 % in 20 years. Recently, citing increasing incidence of diseases like oral cancer, Kerala announced a ban on the manufacture and sale of gutka and pan masala containing tobacco in the state with effect from 25 May, 2012. UP is serious considering banning gutka, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681250", "title": "Brothers hacked to death at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A parking row triggered a gruesome act of revenge when six persons , including a woman, barged into a house in Andheri (E) and allegedly hacked two brothers to death around midnight on Tuesday.The parents and sister of the victims-Avanish Singh (26) and his brother Ashish (22)-watched helplessly as the six accused attacked them with choppers and a sickle and almost severed their arms at their house in Trimurti Society, Saki Naka. The victims' father Jitendra and mother Chandrakala (48) sustained injuries when they tried to save the duo.While Avanish was a chartered accountancy student who doubled as an insurance agent, Ashish worked as a driver. Preeti (23), sister of the deceased, was the only one to survive the attack unscathed. She came to her parents' house from Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday afternoon with her five-month-old child.An hour after the incident, the Saki Naka police arrested two of the accused, Rakesh Sharma (33) and Sunita Sharma (35), while the other four were not traceable. The police said the accused were related to each other.Earlier, Avanish and Ashish's uncle Mahendra Singh had parked his auto and a dumper under the Metro bridge on Andheri-Kurla Link Road, which reportedly irked the Sharmas as they used to collect money from motorists who kept their vehicles illegally at the spot. Sources said the Sharmas asked Mahendra to remove his vehicles. When he refused, they allegedly attacked him, Avanish and Ashish, besides vandalizing the auto.On May 27, the Singhs lodged a complaint and got Rakesh and two others, Sunil Sharma (40) and Sonu Sharma (26), arrested. Hours after being released on bail on Tuesday evening, the trio and three others-Sunil's wife Sunita, Rajesh Sharma (45) and one Pintu alias Kalia (25)-went to the Singhs' house and attacked the family members. \"They killed the victims just hours after being released . Rakesh and Sunita were later caught from the neighbourhood .We suspect the other four have fled to UP. A team will be sent there,\" additional commissioner of police (North region) Ramarao Pawar told TOI.The brothers suffered 8-10 injuries each, said officials, adding that Ashish died while being taken to Rajawadi Hospital and Avanish succumbed during treatment . \"After dinner, we were watching a film when the six barged in with weapons and attacked my sons. They said they were taking revenge,\" said Chandrakala , who sustained injuries to her arms, face and fingers.ACP (Sakinaka-Meghwadi division ) Jaspal Singh Ragi said, \"The incident is the fallout of a dispute over parking. No weapons have been seized so far. We are collecting blood samples of the accused and also from the spot. We are also trying to get an eyewitness account.\" But neighbours said they did not hear any screams or see anything unusual. Officials said the locals were scared of the Sharmas. \"We are trying to get details of the background of the accused,\" said senior inspector S R Dhanedhar. The accused were booked under Sections 143-149 , 302, 307 and 324-326 of IPC for murder and attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679765", "title": "76 encroachments removed in Dehu", "text": "PUNE: As many as 76 encroachments were removed in Dehu during a five-day drive launched following the district collectorate order. The encroachements are removed to carry out the plan to widen the route for the annual palkhi from Dehu-Alandi to Pandharpur.The state government has sanctioned Rs 132 crore for carrying out various developmental activities in the Dehu corridor. The development works are expected to be completed in 2013.Sub divisional officer of Haveli Avinash Hadgal , along with Haveli tehsildar Sandesh Shirke and temple trustees, inspected the site on Monday after receiving collector Vikas Deshmukh's order to remove enchroachments.On Tuesday, some traders and vendors started removing their stalls that were encroaching on the areas near Vaikunth Gaman temple here after the collectorate initiated steps to widen the road.According to Hadgal, the state government has sanctioned Rs 132 crore as part of the development plan for Dehu.Under the plan, the administration has decided to widen the road to 100 feet. The collectorate has already made markings for widening the road and intimated people who would be affected by the drive. Parts of many houses, shops and other establishments would be removed for widening the road.Shirke said revenue officials have removed encroachments in and around Ambedkar road and small shops near Vaikunth Gaman temple.\"The plan comprises construction of a new tar and cement-concrete roads and widening of the existing narrow roads and congested chowks in the area. New buildings will be constructed for pilgrims' accommodation. Hostels and inns are also in the plan. To avoid overcrowding, mechanized parking lots will be constructed to accommodate four-wheelers and heavy vehicles entering the pilgrim sites,\" said Hadgal.According to police inspector Ram Jadhav , over 100 policemen were on bandobast duty during the anti-encroachment drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13681478", "title": "No headway in infant death case", "text": "DINDIGUL: Police probing the case into the death of a newborn baby, whose body was found without the head in a coconut grove at Palani in Dindigul district, are dealing with it at a snail's pace.A day after the body of a newborn female infant was found headless at Metupatti near Palani, police are yet to ascertain whether the baby was beheaded in a act of child sacrifice.Making little progress in the investigation, the police have chosen to wait for the postmortem report of the infant from the government hospital in Palani.The body of the infant, born to Saradha and her paramour of Metupatti village was found dragged from the pit, it was buried. Saradha, who left her paramour few days back and was living with Velusamy near the grove had admitted that it was her baby and claimed that it was stillborn on Friday last and hence she buried it. However, the villagers had raised suspicion whether it was case of child sacrifice as Saradha was found to be visiting tantriks in the locality for the past few days.Dindigul SP T Jayachandran said that only after the postmortem report, they could arrive at a conclusion. While police state that dogs had bitten the baby, they also chose not to rule out child sacrifice as other parts of the body were intact while it was headless. The conduct of Saradha is also being questioned as she had developed an affair with another man and was pregnant but returned to Velusamy recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678187", "title": "Africans seek Surti fabric, to emulate real estate devpt", "text": "SURAT: Days are not far when African women will don the dresses made from synthetic fabric made in Surat. Similarly, Surat realtors are likely to go all the way to Ethopia, Botswana and South Africa to develop construction sector there. A real possibility has come up as a few African countries want Surat-based textile industry to make fabric for their customers. They will supply the designs based on which cloth will be made in the city.Similarly, a few construction firms from African countries have sought help in development of real estate sector with the use of modern technology and equipments that Indian realtors use. During a one-day Indo-African conclave, more than 500 businessmen from Surat and 13 African nations held one-to-one meetings to discuss mutual business prospects.President of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGParesh Patel said, \"One-to-one discussion on business proposals will continue. We expect few memorandum of understandings (MOUs) to be signed.\"More than 210 participants from Surat representing different sectors and 22 diplomats of African countries along with 130 businessmen discussed business for the first time in the city.The sectors in which maximum trade is likely to occur are textiles, agriculture, construction, information technology and wood logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685456", "title": "An array of costumes for Madonna\u2019s world tour", "text": "Setting the stage on fire as she kicked off her MDNA world tour in Tel Aviv, Israel, Madonna has said to have enlisted a cadre of designers to create an array of showstopping looks for the stage.The Material Girl's parade of costume changes includes outfits from longtime collaborators Jean Paul Gaultier and Jeremy Scott, and several other designers.Bras and panties - including one heart-shaped style from Madonna's new intimates line Truth or Dare - are incorporated into some numbers.\"It's a real journey from the first act to the fourth, and the way she constructs her shows is like a theatre piece,\" said costume designer and stylist Arianne Phillips, who oversaw the entire wardrobe design for Madonna, her backup singers, musicians and 22 backup dancers. The original Gaultier design is worn during the Vogue number and includes a white shirt, black tie, opera-length black gloves and a rigid skeleton corset.\"There are many costume changes. We're taking 700 shoes on the road. Madonna changes outfits seven or eight times and the dancers change 10 to 15 times, depending on the dancer,\" said Phillips of the production, which includes multiple appearances on stage by two of Madonna's children, Lourdes and Rocco, in supporting roles.Masks are a big component to many outfits, with dancers hiding their faces behind gargoyle and bunny guises. \"The show explores the idea of stripping away layers of identity and discovering the layers of who you are,\" said Phillips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13680849", "title": "Pre-mature ageing due to heavy smoking", "text": "PANCHKULA: Smoking can not only make your lips look darker or affect your lungs but it can also make you look older. Skin hospitals in Panchkula are getting cases of skin disorders due to excessive smoking that include pre-mature ageing.\"A 32-year-old woman, who had approached us recently for treatment looked much older than her years due to chain smoking. We have got a number of similar cases where young people in the age group of 25-35 years had developed wrinkles on their hands and face. They also had pre-mature greying of hair,\" said Dr Vikas Sharma, a dermatologist at a skin hospital in Mansa Devi Complex, Sector 5, Panchkula.A number of cases of pre-mature ageing due to smoking are being reported at various hospitals in the township. As many as 30 cases were reported in Panchkula in May alone. In most cases, smokers had developed wrinkles on their hands, lips and face and looked ten to 12 years older than their actual age. Not just in men, this problem was seen in women too, some of who were NRIs.Dr Rajiv Bansal, a private practitioner in Chandigarh said, \"Nicotine is very harmful and it damages type 1 collagen present in the skin, as a result of which not only do the lips darken but a person starts looking older. One's hair can also start greying.\"\"Chain smoking can make a person look older by ten to 12 years than his real age,\" said Dr Rajeev Kaura, a dermatologist at the general hospital in Sector 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681314", "title": "Probe toll contracts awarded by Gadkari, Thakre tells CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Targeting BJP president Nitin Gadkari , the Congress on Wednesday asked CM Prithviraj Chavan to launch an inquiry into allegations of corruption during the Sena-BJP rule during the nineties.Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre demanded an inquiry into toll contracts awarded during the Sena-BJP rule in the state . Gadkari was public works department minister at that time. Thakre alleged that money from toll contractors was used to run RSS offices. Addressing a convention of the party's block presidents, Thakre suggested that Gadkari received undue personal benefits by awarding such contracts. Chavan, also present at the function , was circumspect.\"Nobody is above law. Inquiry will be considered if complaints are received ,\" he said . Sulking over the legislative council polls defeat , Thakre did not mince words to display the party's resentment against its alliance partner, NCP. Asking workers to be prepared to contest the 2014 assembly polls on its own , Thakre said the two parties had struck a pre-poll alliance due to compulsions. \"If the NCP is not ready to shed its old habits , then we will have to consider other options ,\" he added . Thakre said the party backed Chavan over the decision to issue a white paper on the state's irrigation projects . \"I don't see why anyone should complain if Chavan takes a similar stand over wrongdoing in other departments too,\" Thakre added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679684", "title": "Bandh likely to disrupt business transactions", "text": "LUCKNOW: Business installations across the state will pull down their shutters on Thursday with Samajwadi Party giving a call to stage a protest against steep rise in prices of petrol. The protest has also been called by the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Left parties on the same day. Interestingly, the protest comes just around the time when the oil companies drop ample indications of bringing down the prices of petrol, probably by June 1. However, the opposition appears to be unmoved by the indication.The Samajwadi Party said barring essential services like hospitals and transport, all installations will be closed down on the day. However, the petrol pumps will remain open with Lucknow Petrol Dealers Association not being part of the protest call. General secretary of the Lucknow Petrol Dealers Association, Sudhir Bora said that the association will not be a part of the bandh.State president of the Samajwadi Vyapar Sabha Gopal Agarwal said that the sabha has directed its members and leaders and workers of the Samajwadi Party in all districts in the state to make the proposed state bandh successful. Gopal alleged that the Congress government throwing all parliamentary norms to the wind announced hike in petrol prices the next day after the Lok Sabha session was over.Gopal said that members of the traders' wing have been directed to inspect markets and ensure that all shops remain closed. The protest is set to cause grave inconvenience to the denizens with SP workers giving a call not to open even those shops engaged in preparation of edible items like curd and maida. \"Not a single furnace should light up on the day,\" the sabha said in a statement. The Sabha, in a statement, said that the members will also carry out a candle march on Wednesday to spread awareness about the bandh.Various traders' association too have supported the bandh call of the ruling party. President of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal, Sanjay Gupta claimed that all shops in the state will be closed down for the whole day in protest of the rise in fuel prices. The members will stage a protest march starting from Lalbagh and end at Hazratganj. The association will also burn effigies of the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13684772", "title": "Bikram Singh assumes charge as new Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gen Bikram Singh, a veteran infantry officer, today took over as the 25th Chief of the Indian Army succeeding Gen V K Singh whose 26-month tenure was mired by controversies.59-year-old Gen Bikram Singh will have a tenure of two years and three months in the top post.Prior to his appointment as Army Chief, Gen Bikram was commanding the Kolkata-based Eastern Army Command.He has held several important appointments in counter insurgency areas as the Corps Commander of Srinagar-based 15 Corps and Akhnoor-based 10 Division as Major General.The officer, better known as 'Bikki' to his friends, was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry regiment on March 31, 1972 after attending the prestigious Indian Military Academy (IMA).At the IMA, he held the appointment of battalion cadet adjutant and was awarded the Jammu and Kashmir Rifles gold medal for 'tactics and leadership' and the Shriganesh Trophy.He was awarded the 'Commando Dagger' and the 'Best in Tactics' trophy during his young officers' course at Infantry School.He also served as an instructor at the Commando Wing of the Infantry School in Belgaum.The officer was the face of the Army during the Kargil war when he was serving in the Military Operations Directorate here and used to brief the media about the progress in operations to drive out enemy troops from Indian territory.As a brigadier, Singh attended the US Army War College in Pennsylvania and has served in two assignments with the United Nations in Central America and as the deputy force commander and GOC of Eastern Division in the Democratic Republic of Congo.Gen Bikram Singh is married to Surjeet Kaur and the couple have two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684326", "title": "Viswaroopam", "text": "CreditsDirected: Kamal HaasanProduced: Prasad V. Potluri, Chandra Haasan, Kamal Haasan Story and Screenplay: Kamal Haasan Cast: Kamal Haasan, Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose , Andrea Jeremiah, Jaideep Ahlawat Music: Shankar-Ehsaan-LoySynopsis From the beginning of his directorial career, he has made his audience struck to their seats by his creative scripts. With the great acting talent he has got, one national award cannot compliment him. Let it be Hey Ram or Anbe Sivam , both were best with the plot and of course they carried a unique message. Dhasavatharam was technically sound. Manmadhan Ambu was a mixture of emotions, sometimes his other casual movies like Panchathanthiram made audience laugh till their ribs crack. Put together, he is natural, no matter how complicated his stories are, but he and is direction is very natural.Now, the eminent actor or rather Ulaga Nayagan Kamal Hassan is back with Vishwaroopam to rock his audience.Vishwaroopam is a terrorism based thriller movie where Kamal Hassan plays the role of an Afghan Mujahedeen. The movie is said to be taken around the budget of 150 Cr and a special set was put in Chennai to depict Afghanistan, its valleys, the mountains andtheir houses where the first schedule took place. The second schedule will be held in Jordan, and this is going to be the first Tamil movie to be held in Jordan.The female lead is played by Pooja Kumar, a New-York based actor who also won the Miss India crown in USA. It is said that Bollywood actor Isha Sharvani and Andrea Jaremiah are playing quite an important role. Rahul Bose, a Bollywood actor plays the role of Baddie. New-York based Indian actor Samrat Chakrabarti and Jaideep Ahlawat play essential roles in the movie.Kamal Hassan wrote the script and dialogues for Vishwaroopam. He distributed the dialogues including the Hindi script to all the important characters so that they do not miss anything on the spot. Now it is more evident that Ulga Nayagan prefers perfection. Vishwaroopam is shot in both Tamil and Hindi.Vishwaroopam is expected to be released during Diwali. Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681450", "title": "Traders to support Bharat Bandh against petrol hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The traders have expressed concern over the consistent hike in petrol prices. The issue was raised in a meeting organised under the auspices of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal. The organization has decided to support the call of Bharat Bandh given on May 31.The district president of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal Ramesh Kesarwani on the occasion said that the Central government has broken financial backbone of the common man by increasing petrol prices. This increase in petrol prices has cascading effect on the prices of all the essential commodities.President of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal Krishna Kumar Gupta said, \"People have lost all the hopes from the present UPA government as they are least bothered about the welfare of the people.\"He further added that the government gives the alibi of increase in the petrol prices in the international market but it refuses to lessen the excise duties on petrol, which would go a long way in reducing the burden of the common man. The organization has appealed that people should give support to call of strike given on May 31.Meanwhile, Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) has decided to organize meeting at Ambedkar crossing near High Court on May 31 to protest against the central government decision to hike petrol prices. The organization will also organize mass protest in the entire country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679129", "title": "Kolkata police chief faces rights body heat", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police has received a show-cause notice from state human rights commission asking the former to clarify the reason behind refusing permission to Association For Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) to hold a meeting at BBD Bag on May 23. Kolkata Police will also have to clarify why it had declined to accept the application letter of APDR seeking permission for the programme.In a written communication, the rights body has asked Kolkata Police commissioner to submit his report clarifying the cause within a week. The matter has been taken up by commission's chairman Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly on May 14, after it received a letter from APDR, where Ranjit Sur, assistant secretary, alleged that Kolkata Police did not allow them to hold the meeting.Sur, secretary of the BBD Bag branch of APDR, complained to state human rights commission that the APDR members had gone to Lalbazar, the city police headquarters, on April 26 with the application seeking permission to hold a meeting at BBD Bag area on N S Road to celebrate the 33rd anniversary of APDR's BBD Bag branch. \"We assured the cops that our programme would not disrupt traffic movements and the use of microphone will be within permissible limit,\" said Sur. He alleged that the officers on duty in the letter receiving section of Lalbazar did not receive the letter citing orders from the superior officers. \"They told us that police would not allow us to hold the programme. They did not even reply when we had sent the same letter of application through a fax,\" said Sur.After being refused, APDR sought intervention of state human rights commission and alleged that such action by police is infringing upon the fundamental rights. \"The particular place is not marked as a restricted one,\" added Sur. The commission, however, took up the matter on an urgent basis and in a letter, sent on May 17, the body had asked the commissioner of police to look into the matter and furnish his report within a week after receiving the letter.For past few months, different rights organizations have been alleging that the city police have been restricting them from holding meetings and taking out rallies, even after having proper permission. On Wednesday, Mazdoor Kranti Parishad (MKP) - a leftist political organization - has alleged that police did not allow them to take out rally from College Square which to protest the recent hike of petrol. \"Earlier, we spoke to the deputy commissioner (central), who had given permission for the rally. But on Wednesday, when we gathered to take out the rally, police asked us to leave. Without any prior commutation they arrested 22 of us,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, general secretary of MKP. A senior police officer said: \"We have not received any such letter from the rights body.\"said a senior officer who deals with the permission of such meetings and rallies.Cops, however, claimed that they were not allowed to take out rally and they refused to comment on the show cause letter sent by state Human Rights Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680558", "title": "Striking Air India pilots can't train on Boeing 777: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday said that Air India pilots had no right to get training on advanced Boeing 777 aircraft till they called off their strike. The court refused to hear a plea challenging a single judge order of May 11 staying further training of more pilots till the implementation of the Justice Dharmadhikari panel recommendations on the issue.\"So long as they (AI pilots) are on strike, the court is not inclined to hear the matter. They cannot go on strike as well as get training simultaneously,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13680153", "title": "India-China border meet held in Tawang", "text": "ITANAGAR: Extending the existing bonhomie between India and China, a special Border Personnel Meeting (BPM) was held at the historic Maitri Sthal near the Bum La pass in Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh on Wednesday. It is one of the three special BPMs conducted at Bum La on the Indian side every year, a defence communique informed.Brig J S Rajpurohit heading the Indian Army Delegation leader received the Chinese. The meeting began with the welcome address by both the delegation leaders followed by a formal interaction wherein both the sides re-affirmed their resolve to strengthen friendship and to maintain peace and tranquility along the border.Delegations from both sides interacted with each other in a cordial environment and posed for photographs. The BPMs between the army personnel of India and China serve as a vital platform for resolving local issues and fostering confidence with a view to maintain peace and tranquility in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684782", "title": "The French connection", "text": "Odisha's Tutu Patnaik speaks to us about being the only Indian to participate in the International Sculpture Symposium in France.You have been selected to participate in the International Sculpture Symposium in France... The symposium will take place at the Castle of Black Prince, in Bordeaux, France. Five artists, including me, have been selected from all over the world to create monumental sculptures based on the theme of \"Guard of the Prince\". I'm honoured to represent India there. It's will be a challenging work for me as I have to create a gigantic 9 feet by 2.5 feet stone sculpture without the help of any electronic equipment. That means I have create the sculpture with my own hands and maintain originality at the same time. Did you always wanted to be a sculptor? I come from a family of engineers. So my father expected me to follow the same path. But, the artist in me protested. When I was a child, I used to watch local sculptors working on the way to my school in Bhubaneswar. I just loved the sound and smell of it. Then I went to Banaras Hindu University and studied under the famous sculptor, Balbir Singh Katt. He influenced me to select stone as my main medium of work. How has Odisha inspired you creatively? My homeland is there in all my sculptures. When I started creating my own identity, I found how deeeply I am inspired by Odisha. When I was a child, I saw my kundali written in the traditional Odia manuscript. The intricate patterns really inspired me. If you follow my work, you will notice that the manuscripts are always a part of my elements. I'm an Odia and an Indian. Even if I'm abroad, my works reflect my roots. What is the role of your family behind your success? My mother taught me to paint. She has a big role behind me being an artist. My wife, Anupma, who is an artist, supports me a lot too. Tell us about your best work till date... The one which is extremely close to my heart is the sculpture I created in France in 2009 at another international symposium. We had to curve the sculpture out of a mountain wall. My theme was \"Homage to Mother Earth\". In my creation, I have curved an Odia prayer that I learnt in my childhood. It's called \"Maa tume jagatara saha bharasha\". What is your opinion about today's Odia artists? Jagannath Panda is doing a great job. Then there is Jatin Das, who is an international artist. There are more Odia painters than sculptors. I feel, there should be a bigger presence of Odia sculptors nationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679070", "title": "Osmania University, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University exams postponed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) and Osmania University have postponed their examinations in view of the Bharath Bandh on Thursday.While JNTU postponed its B Tech, third and fourth year supplementary examinations, Osmania University put off its undergraduate, post-graduate and M Phil examinations.OU exams will be held as follows: PG Diploma in culinary arts will be held on June 1. M Phil (rehabilitation psychology), B Sc aviation, M Sc chemistry and MA (CBCS) examinations will be held on June 2. MBA, MBA (TM) and MDHM examinations will be held on June 13 and B Tech examinations will be held on June 14. BE exams will be held on June 19. JNTU is yet to announce new dates for exams. Detailed schedule of the exams is available on OU website .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679966", "title": "Fair sex fares well in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Girls have stolen the march over boys in all the three Plus II streams of science, arts and commerce in the 2012 annual examination. The girls have scored a better pass percentage in the examination conducted by the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) results of which were declared on Wednesday. The overall pass percentage is 70.7% this year.Announcing the results, higher education secretary Chandra Sekhar Kumar said, \"The results have taken a dip this year. We will be taking remedial steps like providing extra coaching classes for weaker students. Results of four colleges have been scrapped,\" Kumar said.In the arts stream, 70.63% examinees passed with 74.19% being girls and 66.12% boys, while in science the overall pass percentage is 72.53% with 74.04% girls and 71.65% boys. In the commerce stream, 67.03% students have passed with 74.57% being girls being successful compared to 64.3% boys.Deogarh district has scored the highest pass percentage in science with 87.83% while Boudh district is at the end of the list with 42.85%. While in arts and commerce Mayurbhanj and Keonjhar districts have excelled, Gajapati and Kendrapada districts have put up a poor show. Similarly, the trend of students of premier colleges of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack notching top positions has been reversed with students of smaller towns securing top ranks in all streams.As many as 32 students are there in the top-20 Arts list that comprises 23 girls and nine boys. In science stream, there are 44 students and in commerce 37 students in the top-20 list.Debasmita Sarangi of Ravenshaw Junior College, Cuttack, secured the first position in arts, Soumya Sandipa of BJB Junior College, Bhubaneswar topped in science, while Priyabrata Barik of KBR College, Cuttack, secured first position in commerce.The results revealed that Scheduled Tribe (ST) and Scheduled Caste (SC) students have done better in all streams compared to last year. In science, the pass percentage of ST students is 60.17% while 62.9% SC students cleared the examination. In arts stream, the pass percentage of ST and SC students is 67.8% and 66.55% respectively while in commerce 58.34% SC and 57.09% ST students have passed.POINTS-Soumya Sandipa of BJB Junior College, Bhubaneswar topped in science, Debasmita Sarangi of Ravenshaw Junior College, Cuttack, secured the first position in arts, while Priyabrata Barik of KBR College, Cuttack, was the commerce topper- There are 32 students in the top-20 Arts list, 44 students in science and 37 in commerce- SC and ST students have fared better in the examination this year compared to the previous year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13680102", "title": "Ghatowar bats for e-governance", "text": "SHILLONG: Union minister of state (independent charge) for development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) and minister of state for parliamentary affairs Paban Singh Ghatowar addressed the North East e-Governance Summit at IIM, Shillong , on Wednesday. Ghatowar said that the Centre has approved the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) pursuing its policy of introducing e-Governance on a large scale.\"The vision is to make all government services accessible to the common man in his locality through common service delivery outlets and ensure efficiency, transparency and reliability of such services at affordable costs to realize the basic needs of the common man,\" he said. He expressed hope that the summit would be a success and encourage new ideas and views to addressing the issues and challenges of e-governance initiatives in the northeast. Ghatowar said NeGP comprises 27 Mission Mode Projects (MMPs) encompassing 10 central MMPs, 10 state MMPs and seven integrated MMPs spanning multiple ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680935", "title": "Coaching centres rework courses for new IIT tests", "text": "CHENNAI: Coaching institutes that flourished in the era of multiple entrance tests are restructuring their programmes following the Centre's decision to introduce a common engineering entrance exam and include board exam marks as a criterion for admission to technical institutions.\"This is not the first time the exam pattern for admission to IITs has changed. They have done it in the past and we have made appropriate changes. We will design programmes to meet candidates' needs,\" said B Pawan Kumar, deputy head, Chennai centre, FIITJEE. Most coaching centres now have separate modules for the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and the IIT-Joint Entrance Examination. It is likely that these modules will be merged. What remains to be seen is how coaching centres will cope with a natural drop in business if the number of coaching modules reduce.FIITJEE regional head, Tamil Nadu zone, Ankur Kumar Jain, said their integrated programme has already helped students score good marks in both the boards and the IITJEE and AIEEE.Gautam Puri, vice-chairman, Career Launcher, said, \"The JEE advanced paper is something we have been training students to clear. We will have to work on our module to cater to the JEE main paper, an aptitude test.\"Reactions to these claims are mixed. Parents hope coaching institutes will not hike fees to offset the merger of programmes. Meanwhile, academics are asking for more clarity on standards that will be adopted for ranking students from different regions if class XII board marks are to be given 40-50% weightage. \"There are more than 40 educational boards, and the scoring pattern of students in the exams conducted by each board is different. We need more clarity on how normalization of marks will be done,\" said C Satish, director, Paavai Group of Institutions.Matriculation school teachers welcome the move to give board marks 50% weightage for admission to IITs and 40% weightage for admission to NITs and IIITs. \"This will make the JEE more approachable to students who depended only on government or private engineering colleges in the state. Parents and schools will encourage state board students to aim for an IIT or NIT seat,\" said Shree Niketan Matriculation School correspondent P Vishnucharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13680474", "title": "Kin allege conspiracy, demand probe", "text": "ALWAR: Relatives of head constable Mahendra Singh who was mowed down by a vehicle belonging allegedly to mines mafia, on Wednesday termed his killing a \"conspiracy\" and demanded an immediate probe into the matter.Singh, who was run down %in Dholpur district on Tuesday, started his career as a photographer in Mumbai, his family members told The Times of %India.He joined the Rajasthan Police Service in 1986 and was known as an honest and dutiful cop. In his career, he was felicitated by the police department for his bravery and honesty.\"He was awarded several times by the district police in Bharatpur and Dholpur during his postings the most recent on May 1, when he was awarded by the district police for his bravery. It appears that he became an eye sore for the mining mafia and police officers who are in the job of patronizing the mines mafia,\" said Raja Ram Diwakar , son of the deceased cop, while talking to TOI. \"There should be a fair investigation into his murder,\" he added.Recalling the incident, Diwakar claimed that after the cops spotted the trucks coming from Morena , some of gave the vehicles a blind eye while his father (Mahendra) along with another head constable Virendra chased them. \"My father had gone after them since he had a respect for his uniform and the police service,\" he said.Mahendra's family members recalled an incident in Morena, when one IPS officer was mowed down every politician in Madhya Pradesh and police turned up but for his father, not even the inspector general of police Anand Srivasatav came to ask their grief. \"Humarey pitaji ki liye to koi nahin aaya (Nobody came for my father),\" the aggrieved son said.Mahendra was the most trusted men of the senior police officers and had even worked in the Anti-Dacoity Force (ADF). During his job in ADF, he had proved his mettle many a times whenever the police team had an encounter with dreaded dacoits of the Jagan Gujjar region.Former Dholpur SP Rahul Prakash termed him a \"braveheart\" who was passionate with his job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683950", "title": "Mahesh Manjrekar in Ajith's next", "text": "Ajith, the handsome actor is getting ready to start his next film with his Billa director Vishnuvardhan. The interesting addition to this multi-starrer movie is Mahesh Manjrekar. Bollywood star actor Mahesh Manjrekar will be seen playing main villain for Ajith for the first time in Tamil film industry. This untitled movie casts Nayantara as Ajith's lead lady, while Arya and Taapsee will be seen playing pivotal roles. Vishnuvardhan's directorial is also a come back film for Nayantara in Kollywood, after she breaks up with beau Prabhu Deva. Yuvan Shankar Raja will be composing the music tunes as well as background for this yet-to-be-titled venture that will start rolling from 2nd of this June in Mumbai. Cinematography by P.S. Vinodh, editing will be by A. Sreekar Prasad, art by Sunil Babu, dialogues by writer duo Suba and Anu Vishnuvardhan will be designing the costumes among the technical crew. Meanwhile Ajith is gearing up to screen Chakri Toleti directed Billa 2 on 8/15 of this June.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685341", "title": "Karunas produces and acts in \u2018Ragalaipuram\u2019", "text": "Actor Karunas is producing and playing the hero in 'Ragalaipuram'.Angana is the heroine. Kovai Sarala, Bharath Reddy, M.S. Bhaskar and Pavanl play important roles. Velraj is the cinematographer and Srikanth Deva the music director.Mano, who directs the film, says the only aim to make this film is to keep the audience in a hilarious mood throughout.He had written the comedy portions when he was working under directors Sundar C, Suraaj and Shakti Chidambaram and this experience is very useful to him now when he directs 'Ragalaipuram'. With this movie, Karunas will rise to a new level in acting. The film is being made on a big scale, Mano told reporters.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680048", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar to take oath as Rajya Sabha member on June 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar , who was nominated to the Rajya Sabha on April 27, will take oath as member of the Upper House on June 4.\"Tendulkar, who was nominated along with Bollywood actress Rekha and industrialist Anu Aga, is scheduled to take oath as member in the chamber of Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari,\" said an official.Rekha and Aga took oath earlier this month when the House was in session. It is believed that Tendulkar could not take oath due to his professional engagements during IPL which ended on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13680938", "title": "Noon nakas to nab drunk drivers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been swigging on beer and driving during the afternoon, safe in the knowledge that there are no nakas to check drunken driving during the day, then beware. UT traffic police has decided not to limit their drives to just fixed time slots and particular spots. They could be waiting on internal roads of your sector even during the day to curb drunken driving and other traffic violations. Not just this, there would be traffic marshals at various nakas. A decision in this regard was taken by the UT traffic police on Wednesday.Usually there are fixed nakas at the Sector 26 main road or near NAC, Manimajra, at a fixed time between 6.30pm to 8.30pm, while nakas to curb drunken driving are laid from 11pm on weekends. But now nakas would be laid at any time and at any place.\"Even during the day, our cops would be checking drivers using an alcomoter and other equipment used for checking drunken driving at night as there have been cases where people were found to be drunk even during the day,\" said SP, Traffic, Chandigarh, Maneesh Chaudhary. He added, \"Previously there were fixed nakas with fixed timings which made it easy for people to escape checking as they would simply change their route but now nakas would be laid randomly to check traffic violations and curb drunken driving.\"Besides changing the position of the nakas from time to time, the traffic police would also change the positions of nakas every week, which could either be at new spots or old ones. This way one would not know where the naka would be the next day and so any attempt to escape a particular route would be a futile exercise.Trying to escape if caught after a traffic violation would also cost one dear as traffic marshals would be there at every naka and violators would be chased right till their residence if need be or whichever destination they are headed to. CCTV cameras will come in handy for cops in this regard. \"If one escapes a naka after committing a violation, the registration number of his vehicle would be jotted down and would be communicated to other cops who would chase the violator till his destination and will even reach his residence for issuing a challan,\" added the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681448", "title": "World Tobacco Day observed to create awarness among public", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Regional Cancer Center at the Kamla Nehru Memorial Hospital, Allahabad, is observing the World Tobacco Day on Thursday with various activities. A symposium on \"Tobacco and cancer\" will be held on the occasion in association with the Chest Physicians of India, Allahabad branch. The topic will include tobacco and cancer, smoking and lung diseases and current concepts in management of lung cancer.Lung cancer is emerging as the leading cancer in men worldwide as well as in developing countries like India. The late presentation of the disease leads to a high death rate.On May 31 each year, WHO celebrates World No-Tobacco Day, highlighting the heath risks associated with tobacco use and advocating for effective policies to reduce consumption. Tobacco use is the second cause of death globally (after hypertension) and is currently responsible for killing one in 10 adults worldwide.Use of tobacco is one the leading preventable causes of death. The global tobacco epidemic kills nearly 6 million people each year, of which more 600,000 are people exposed to second-hand smoke. Unless we act, it will kill up to 8 million people by 2030 of which more than 80% will be in low and middle-income countries, experts say.The World Health Organization (WHO) has selected \"Tobacco Industry Interference\" as the theme for the World No-Tobacco Day on Thursday.Dr B Paul Thaliath, Additional Director, Medical &amp; HoD, Radiation Oncology, said: \"The campaign will focus on the need to expose and counter the tobacco industry's brazen and increasingly aggressive attempts to undermine the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC) because of the serious danger they pose to public health\".He added: \"This year we will inform the public on the dangers of using tobacco, the business practices of tobacco companies and WHO's role in fighting tobacco epidemic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679902", "title": "BJD-called bandh likely to stall state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Life is likely to be affected across Odisha on Thursday in view of the nationwide bandh against the recent petrol price hike.Ruling BJD, BJP and other con-Congress parties would hit the streets against the UPA's failure to contain fuel prices in the country.\"We will protest peacefully in Bhubaneswar and other places in Odisha. We urge people to cooperate with us,\" finance minister and senior BJD leader Prafulla Chandra Ghadei said.Functioning of government offices and banks is likely to be hit as activists have threatened to paralyze all business.The parties have sought the cooperation of commercial establishments to make the dawn-to-dusk shutdown successful.Public transport system, in all likelihood, is going to be disrupted on Thursday. While the city bus service in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri would remain suspended, auto-rickshaws and taxis have also decided to express solidarity with the bandh organizers.Sources said many private companies asked their employees to reach office by 6am to avoid protesters on road.\"Security has been tightened in major cities and Maoist-hit pockets to avoid any untoward incident,\" a senior police officer said.Petrol pumps in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack witnessed serpentine queues as the filling stations would remain closed till Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13681636", "title": "All India Council of Technical Education issues directives to curb ragging", "text": "BHOPAL: Adopting stringent measures to curb ragging in engineering and technical institutes, the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has issued fresh directives including mandatory submission of affidavit by the students. The new guidelines will be applicable from the upcoming session.According to the new directives issued by the apex body for technical institutes in the country, students and their parents will have to submit an affidavit mentioning that the students would not be involved in any form of ragging.\"It is a good step taken by AICTE. It will help in curbing the menace in a bigger way. The affidavit will keep students away from ragging incidents,\" spokesperson of Madhya Pradesh Association of Technical and Professional Institutes, B S Yadav said.Students living in hostels will have to submit two affidavits. \"Hostellers will have to submit the affidavit mentioning that they would abide by the rules on anti-ragging. They also have to submit an affidavit stating the same about the hostel. Students will have to mention categorically that they would not be involved in ragging in the hostel,\" Yadav said.The technical institutions and engineering colleges have been also asked to display specifically the anti-ragging measures at the entry and exit gates of the institutes. \"Institutes will have to clearly mention the names and numbers of members of the anti-ragging committee. This will help students approach the authorities concerned,\" Yadav said.In the new guidelines, it has also been mentioned that students found guilty of instigating his fellow students would also be treated guilty. The AICTE launched the anti-ragging drive in 2009. The latest guidelines have been inculcated in the previous guidelines. The new guidelines states that in case engineering colleges and institutions fail to abide by the rule, they might have to face cancellation of their affiliation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678575", "title": "Angry women corporators gift bangles to mayor", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry over mayor Anil Sole's failure in solving the water crisis in the assured time period, women corporators from the opposition led by former chairman of standing committee Abha Pande presented bangles to him as a mark of protest on Wednesday. Sole has descried it as the opposition's political and publicity stunt.Some 34 corporators, including many newcomers, had raised the water shortage problem in their wards at the marathon discussion by the general body on April 30. Taking serious cognisance, Sole had given a ruling in the house directing executive engineer of water works department Shashikant Hastak to solve the problems within eight days.However, there was no improvement in water supply, and women corporators staged a demonstration in front of the mayor's office on May 23. But the situation has remained as it is.Sources told TOI that Pande and around 20 women corporators of Congress and NCP decided to present bangles to Sole for failing to solve the problem. Before commencement of the house at Town Hall, Pande and other women corporators went to Sole's cabin and demanded an immediate solution.One of the corporators kept bangles on Sole's table. Upset by this, a couple of BJP corporators shouted at Pande and women corporators for engaging in political stunts. All women corporators were then asked to vacate the cabin.Pande called leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre and informed his about the bad treatment meted out to the women corporators. Thakre rushed to the cabin and asked the women corporators to raise the issue in the meeting.As soon as the meeting started, Thakre said, \"Many wards are still facing water crisis due to the mayor's ineffective ruling. It has become routine for the mayor's ruling to go unheeded. Despite this, the women corporators were treated badly when they went to meet Sole,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke raised an objection and said this issue was not on the agenda. Sole took over and asked the corporators to discuss only proposals on the agenda, as it was a special meeting. The proceedings of the house commenced without any discussion on the water crisis.Later, Pande said the bangles were given to Sole to be forwarded to Hastak for his failure in solving the problem. \"Citizens residing in Mahajan Garage area in my ward are not getting water supply for last three months. The wells have not been cleaned and there are no pumps on bore wells. Many other wards are facing the same problems. But the mayor and officials are least interested in solving the problems,\" she said.Calling it a political and publicity stunt, Sole said the department had submitted a report on demands raised by 34 corporators in the meeting. \"Necessary directives were given to officials, who are engaged in correcting the problem. I agree there's water shortage in some areas but this is not the way to highlight problems,\" he said.Rubbishing allegations of ill-treatment of women corporators, Datke said they will not keep quiet if opposition corporators engage in political and publicity stunts. \"We are always ready to solve problems. But it was the wrong way. If they want to present bangles to the official they should have gone to him and not brought them to the mayor's cabin,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "badlapur", "code": "13679663", "title": "Brothers, 8 &amp; 10, suffocate to death in car", "text": "BADLAPUR: In what is suspected to be a case of suffocation , two boys were found dead in a car parked in a ground at Mhada Colony in Badlapur on Wednesday. The brothers, Shiv Shankar (10) and Rama Shankar Jaiswal (8), had left their home to play on Tuesday evening.On Wednesday, kids playing in the ground noticed the boys in the car and alerted their neighbours. Police suspect the duo may have fiddled with the lock and entered the car.\"We have found marks on the window panes indicating that they had struggled to break them. It appears that they died of suffocation, but we are awaiting the postmortem report,'' Vijay Bagal, senior police inspector at Badlapur (east) police station, said. Sandeep Pradhan, medical officer at Badlapur Gramin Hospital , where the siblings were initially taken to, echoed Bagal on the cause of the death.When the boys did not return, their mother Sukwari Devi began a hunt for them with the help of some neighbours. At around 10pm, she lodged a complaint with the police. Both Shiv and Rama were students of a local municipal school, with the former having just finished Std IV and the latter a year junior to him.Soon, the parents were informed and the boys, whose father Ravindra Jaiswal is employed with a private company, were taken out of the car.Police opened the door and shifted them to Badlapur gramin hospital. Later the bodies were sent to Central hospital in Ulhasnagar for post mortem.The car's owner Ratan Lokhande told police that he had bought the vehicle recently but had parked it at the spot for ten days since its lock had been damaged.Jaiswal said \"We have no enmity with anyone. I want the police to investigate the case properly.'' Sukwadevi said if anyone is found responsible for the death they should be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679843", "title": "Man held for raping daughter", "text": "PUNE: The Nigdi police on Wednesday arrested a 43-year-old man for allegedly raping his minor daughter at Nigdi on Tuesday night.Senior police inspector of the Nigdi police station Nandkishore Bhosale Patil told TOI that the incident came to light on Wednesday morning, when the victim approached the police station and lodged a complaint against her father. The victim is a standard IX student.He said that ever since their mother passed away four years ago, the victim and her two sisters stay with their father in a one-room house. \"On Tuesday night, the three girls were asleep, when the victim's father woke her up and asked her to press his legs. When she went near him, he allegedly raped her.\"Bhosale Patil said the suspect released the victim after his two other daughters woke up. \"We arrested the man on Wednesday after receiving a complaint from the victim. The suspect was produced before the court and remanded to police custody till June 6.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680534", "title": "Goa Medical College's newly renovated wards inaugurated", "text": "PANAJI: The renovated 50-bed private ward and 12-bed casualty ward of the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC), Bambolim was commissioned by the chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday. The upgraded emergency operation theatre (EOT) block at GMC was also inaugurated on the occasion of Goa's Statehood Day .The private ward block is a two-storey building with a 50 bed capacity. There are 20 rooms for only patients and 14 rooms for patients and accompaniment and one room each for VVIP and VIP suite besides the administrative section. The casualty block was upgraded with 12 beds attached with X-ray block, CT scan room, control room, ECG room, ultrasound room, rest rooms for nurses , male and female doctors' room and other facilities.Parrikar also inaugurated the upgraded emergency operation theatre (EOT) block at the GMC on the occasion. The EOT block was upgraded with five modular operation theatres designed and provided with advanced technology, recovery rooms, scrub rooms and sterile rooms, male and female doctor room, changing rooms, etc.Parrikar was accompanied by health minister Laxmikant Parsekar , Dr Pradeep Naik, dean (acting) Dr Rajan Koncolienkar , medical superintendent Sanjit Rodrigues and other senior doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679696", "title": "Tobacco use can eat into bones", "text": "PUNE: That smoking increases the risk of cancer, lung and heart diseases is well-known. But smoking or chewing tobacco can also play havoc on the bones. A quick reversal of these habits is necessary before it is too late, experts said.\"Tobacco use can lead to osteoporosis, muscle cramps and low backache. Besides, fractures and surgical wounds won't heal fast, and tendon tear or tendoachilles and rotator cuff tear is also possible,\" consultant shoulder and joint replacement surgeon Ashish Babhulkar said.Nicotine affects the body's metabolism and has devastating effects. \"We insist that our patients stop smoking before and after surgery till the bone fracture union occurs. Chronic smoking can be a risk factor for bone cancer too. The association of smoking and bone cancer is indirect unlike the direct relation between lung cancer and smoking,\" he said.The musculo-skeletal system is affected by nicotine consumption. \"Studies show that adverse cardiac effects and hypertension due to nicotine consumption are reversed after cessation of smoking. However, whether it is the same with muscle and bone is unknown as no specific studies have been done,\" Babhulkar said.So why is smoking so damaging to bone health? \"Nicotine and toxins in cigarettes affect bone health from many angles,\" orthopaedic and joint replacement surgeon Murtaza Adeeb said.Cigarette smoke generates huge amounts of free radicals, molecules that attack and overwhelm the body's natural defences. The result is a chain-reaction of damage throughout the body including cells, organs, and hormones involved in keeping bones healthy.Smoking triggers other bone-damaging changes, such as increased levels of the hormone cortisol, which leads to a bone breakdown, experts said. Research also suggests that smoking impedes the hormone calcitonin, which helps build bones so that the hormone cannot do its job. Besides, nicotine and free radicals kill the osteoblasts which are bone-making cells.\"Smoking also damages blood vessels, so there is poor blood supply of oxygen. People who smoke have repeated fractures. Studies show that when smokers suffer fractures, they don't heal very well because of poor blood supply,\" physician Chandrashekhar Phansalkar said.Combined with poor diet, alcohol and an erratic lifestyle, it affects healing of fractures and bone formation causing early osteoporosis. Besides, women who smoke can have early menopause due to low estrogen resulting from heavy smoking. Again, early menopause can lead to early osteoporosis, Phansalkar said.Adeeb said, \"Fractures in smokers are usually disproportionate to the impact of trauma. We see such patients on a regular basis. Besides, the pattern as well as severity of fracture is also disproportionate to the trauma in tobacco users. Relatively, trivial injuries like a simple fall at home could lead to major fractures in tobacco users.\"Similarly, people with tobacco use also suffer from shoulder problem called rotator cuff tears which happens due to nicotine. \"It causes decrease in blood flow to muscles around the shoulder (rotator cuff) causing them to tear even in trivial injuries. Nicotine decreases blood circulation at the site of fracture causing delay in bone healing,\" Adeeb said.Experts also said the loss of bone mass can begin at the time of conception if the mother happens to be a smoker. \"The baby's height and bone mass will be less than normal,\" Adeeb said.\"If an adolescent is smoking, they will not develop maximum bone mass. They will end up with a smaller skeleton and less bone mass, compared to a non-smoker,\" says paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar.Rheumatic pain is closely linked with tobacco use. Among the 8,000 people surveyed in Pune city, about 10% complained of one or the other kind of rheumatic pain. The data, which is part of an ongoing study, revealed that most people surveyed consumed tobacco in one form or the other.\"The study to measure the burden of rheumatism on the Indian population at 17 cities/towns shows that at least 10-15 per cent of the population suffers from arthritis or some form of rheumatism. And the use of tobacco has emerged as a leading risk factor for rheumatic pains,\" rheumatologist Arvind Chopra had said in an earlier interview.How cigarettes affect bones:Like other body organs, bones rely on blood for necessary nutrients, minerals and oxygen. Cigarettes elevate the amount of nicotine in the blood, causing blood vessels to constrict, thus restricting the amount of nutrients flowing to bones and other organs. With less nutrients to work with, the formation of bone-forming cells is slowed, bone density decreases and new bone formation is delayed. As a result, smokers have a greater risk of breaking a bone, and their bones will take longer to heal in the event of a fracture.The impact of the smoking on lifestyle:Many who smoke tend to consume more alcohol, exercise less and eat less healthily than nonsmokers. Furthermore, women who smoke tend to enter menopause at an earlier age than do nonsmokers. Alcohol use, a sedentary lifestyle, poor nutrition and early menopause are all risk factors associated with osteoporosis.Osteoporosis:Cigarette smoking appears to be a significant risk factor for developing osteoporosis, a condition that causes bones to weaken and makes them susceptible to breaking. Studies show a direct link between tobacco use and decreased bone density, according to the NIH Osteoporosis and Related Bone Diseases National Resource Center.Improving Bone Health:Although it may take years to lower your risk of osteoporosis, quitting smoking will eventually help with bone density and fractures. Together with a healthy diet rich in calcium and vitamin D, increased exercise, and drinking in moderation, you may be able to slow the progression of osteoporosis and improve your bone health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679790", "title": "Security beefed up", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have beefed up security in the city to prevent any untoward incident during the Thursday bandh called by the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance .All police officers and around 8,000 policemen from the city police will man the roads on Thursday. \"Along with the city police, extra force of the state reserve police force (SRPF) and homeguards have been also de-ployed for Thursday's bandobast,\" said deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Makarand Ranade.Ranade said patrolling has been intensified in sensitive areas and crowded spots in the city. \"We have started taking preventive action against anti-social elements involved in creating trouble during earlier bandhs.As per the Supreme Court ruling it is illegal to call a bandh. This bandh is a contempt of court, Ranade said, adding, \"We have issued notices to the political leaders involved in calling this bandh.\"If any untoward incident takes place during the bandh, or any damage is caused to any public property, then the political parties who called the bandh will be held responsible, Ranade said. Police will take stringent action against them. \"Orders have been issued not to spare anyone found creating trouble,\" Ranade said.Ranade also appealed the citizens not to believe in rumours. He also appealed them to contact the police control room on 26122880, 26208250 and 26126296.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680621", "title": "Maharashtrian held for rape of minor girl", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Wednesday arrested 31-year-old Sadashiv Sutar , a native of Sangli, Maharashtra, on charges of raping a 16-year-old minor girl .Police sources informed that though the victim was rescued from where she was confined by the accused several months ago, an offence was registered at the Maina Curtorim police on April 19, 2012 upon a complaint lodged by the child welfare committee of Apna Ghar, Merces, alleging that the victim was sexually exploited by the accused from the year 2011 to January 2012.Police teams went to Sangli on two occasions in a bid to track down the accused, but Sutar managed to give the police a slip.On Tuesday, on being tipped off that Sutar was seen in St Jose de Areal, in search of a job as a casual labourer, the police nabbed him. He has been arrested under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 8 of the Goa Children's Act .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680827", "title": "Fuel crisis ends as supplies make their way to pumps", "text": "CHENNAI: Long queues before fuel stations disappeared and outlets across the city opened for business on Wednesday, signalling the end of the six-day fuel shortage.Petrol pumps in the city received supplies from three ships that docked at Chennai port on Tuesday. The vessels from Kochi brought in 67,000 kilolitres (kl) of petrol and diesel on Tuesday afternoon. In addition, 2,000kl of fuel was being brought to the city by road from Bangalore and a few other shipments are also likely to reach Chennai port.More than 18,000kl of diesel reached the city by evening and a third tanker vessel carrying 6,000kl of diesel also berthed on Wednesday. Chennai needs 2,100kl of petrol and 2,500kl of diesel per day. Oil companies said the closure of Mangalore Refineries and Petrochemicals Limited for over 10 days and no supplies from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) led a severe fuel shortage in the city.Most people opted for public transport on Wednesday also. \"I plan to fuel my car after work. I hope I can drive to work from tomorrow. My colleagues got petrol yesterday night itself. I hope that things will become normal by Thursday,\" said S Prakash, who works in a private firm.Since last Thursday, petrol pumps in the city were either shut down or had long serpentine queues. The fuel shortage led to increase in vegetables prices in the city. Water supply was also affected as the movement of water tankers came to a standstill. Drinking water supply was also hit after distributors could not operate their mini trucks to supply water cans. Most people depended on suburban trains or state-run public transport buses or autorickshaws to reach work place.After crisis worsened, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had convened a meeting of officials from oil companies to discuss the crisis on Tuesday. \"We have adequate supplies now. The problem seems to have been sorted out,\" said a spokesperson from Indian Oil Corporation .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680989", "title": "PIL questions govt takeover of liquor trade", "text": "CHENNAI: Assailing the nine-year-old liquor policy in Tamil Nadu, a public interest petition in the Madras high court has questioned the legality of the government decision to take over retail liquor vending in the state by an order dated October 26, 2003.A vacation bench comprising Justices K Venkataraman and C S Karnan, before which the PIL filed by social activist K R 'Traffic' Ramaswamy came up for admission, has said the matter would be heard in detail next month.In his petition, Ramaswamy contended that a government being directly involved in marketing and selling of liquor violates Article 47 of the Constitution. Article 47 says: \"... the State shall endeavour to bring about prohibition of the consumption, except for medicinal purposes, of intoxicating drinks and drugs which are injurious to health.\"Pointing out that the government took over liquor trade in 2003, the PIL said that instead of conceiving and executing welfare measures, officials like district collectors and revenue officers were spending their time auctioning Tasmac bars, scouting for new locations to open outlets and auctioning empty liquor bottles and cartons .The policy of promoting liquor sales was an affront to constitutional principles, said Ramaswamy, adding that the state was also raising liquor sales target on a monthly basis and new outlets were being opened in residential areas at regular intervals.Highlighting the poor sanitary conditions at bars, Ramaswamy claimed that local ward politicians were wielding their influence in the running of Tasmac outlets and bars.Noting that he had sent several representations and reminders to the government, Ramaswamy wanted the court to restrain the government from commissioning new Tasmac outlets in the state, besides quashing the October 26, 2003 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13680628", "title": "Two rental house owners booked", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem police have booked two rental house owners on the charge of not filling the foreigner's registration form (C-form) on Tuesday. Foreigner Mohammed Ali Sudan was residing in the rented house of accused Shyamsunder of Junaswada, Mandrem. Police found that the house owner neither filled the C- form of the said foreigner nor maintained any register.Foreign nationals checking into rented houses or hotels have to fill the form as per the Act. The hotel owner has to forward the form to the local police station within 24 hours of the registration of the guest.Police found that the accused house owner contravened the order and registered the offence under section 188 IPC and Rule 14 (4) and (6) of Foreigner rule 1992 read with section 5 of Foreigner act 1939 and section 14 of Foreigner Act 1946. Mohammad Ali Sudan, 26, a Nigerian national, was arrested on charges of possessing cocaine worth 20,000 at Arambol on May 26 by the Pernem police.In another case, a foreigner, Chuawuomkar Augustiva Upali of Nigeria, was residing in a rented room of a house belonging to accused Dumingo Britto, resident of Ashvem-Mandrem. Britto did not submit the C-form about arrival nor did he maintain any register, hence contravening the order. He hosted the foreign national at his rented house without informing the police and hence was booked under the law. Chuawuomkar Augustiva Upali , 40, was arrested in possession of cocaine worth 35,000 at Morjim on May 26.The room of the houses were taken on rent by the foreigners some two weeks prior to May 26. The Foreigner's Registration Act was enacted to keep a tab on the movement of foreign citizens entering India. Recently, four foreigners, two Ugandan, one Somalian and one Israeli, were arrested by the Pernem police for overstaying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679089", "title": "Beur jail inmates fare well at exams", "text": "PATNA: They were cut-off from the rest of the world but were given a chance to connect with the world of knowledge. And they have acquitted themselves well. Of the 40 inmates of Beur Central Jail who had enrolled themselves with Nalanda Open University (NOU), seven passed their respective courses in 2012 in first division.Director, industries (prisons) BCP Singh said as many as 40 inmates of the Beur jail were admitted to intermediate and post-graduation courses, including professional courses of NOU. \"Many prisoners are interested in computer application course. Among other subjects, journalism and mass communication, rural development and sociology are also popular with the inmates,\" he said.Inmates also enrolled for graduation courses with honours in history, geography and Hindi. \"While choosing the subjects, the prisoners look for employment opportunities. So, professional courses like Operation Theatre assistantship, library and information science and medical laboratory techniques are popular among the inmates,\" said Singh. Among the 40 inmates, 14 inmates are undertrials, so the prison authorities also want to keep job options in mind for such prisoners.While the examination of theory papers are held inside the jail, the jail superintendent being the superintendent of examination centre, the examination of practical papers are held at the NOU headquarters.Singh added the inmates are provided all facilities for continuing their education. No fee is charged from them; rather they are supplied the study materials free of cost by the university. Quite a good number of these inmates have done well at the examinations conducted by the university.To make the inmates literate, the prison authorities launched a campaign, named 'Prerna', in 2011. Under it, 480 inmates were identified as illiterate, of whom 147 were released before February, 2012, when the literacy test was held. As many as 333 inmates, including 311 male and 22 female inmates, successfully passed the literacy test. Incidentally, the Beur jail has 1,781 inmates, including 1,718 males and 63 females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680491", "title": "Restored for nothing?", "text": "PANAJI: The Reis Magos fort was used as a prison till 1993. Now it is up again, in a restored condition for adaptive reuse, with a twin objective of pioneering a model of cultural revitalization and a self-sustaining management plan for its future.However, six months after work on conservation of this listed monument and oldest Portuguese fort was completed, the government is yet to apply its mind to evolve a workable programme for its future management.With a few other monuments and public spaces, also partly or fully restored but not provided with a management plan for their maintenance, the government's indecision has prompted experts in the conservation world to suggest an exigent look at evolving a policy vital for future maintenance of built heritage after conservation.The list of conserved heritage buildings, monuments and public spaces, including the Goa Medical College and Hospital building in Panaji , Pomburpa spring and St Estevam fort, among others, left without a module for maintenance, is growing. Now, the Reis Magos fort, perhaps the first listed monument to be put up for adaptive reuse, is caught up in governmental apathy in enforcing the second-phase module of turning it into a cultural centre.Experts in the field say that the government needs to adopt a professional approach in conservation of heritage buildings and monuments, and the feasibility report itself should include a management plan for the conserved monument.\"The mandate of professionals engaged for conservation should be to evolve a management plan inclusive of a conservation plan, long-term maintenance schedule and revenue generation through cultural tourism,\" says Poonam Verma Mascarenhas, a conservation architect.Pointing out that she is not referring to any specifics, she said that if an adaptive reuse is considered for any conserved structure, it has to be worked out in the management plan itself. \"It is very difficult to bring out a programme in a conserved monument,\" Mascarenhas said.Another conservation architect, Ketak Nachinolkar agreed. \"We need a larger policy towards the maintenance and management of heritage structures,\" he said.A proper assessment of built heritage, which can or cannot be put to adaptive reuse has to be worked out, too. \"All heritage structures and monuments cannot be weighed on the same scale. The cultural significance and present condition of each structure has to be assessed and the structure graded for conservation accordingly,\" Nachinolkar said. A few structures are of unknown vintage and have little information available about them. \"Such structures (like caves) need to be used for research and educational purposes, and hence they need to be preserved as they are,\" he said.The restored St Estevam fort is a small one compared to Reis Magos. \"If they have larger space within them, they may be used for adaptive reuse on a case-to-case basis,\" Nachinolkar said.The adaptive reuse depends on the compatibility of the use proposed against the historical character of the place and available space. But a module for management and maintenance of forts, like the one at St Estevam, has to be thought up in consultation with villagers.After Reis Magos was abandoned as a prison in 1993, it was eroding from its base. The Pomburpa spring was beautified twice, the latest exercise costing more than a crore of rupees. \"But there is no mechanism to keep the place clean as unruly picknickers are turning it into a dump for plastic and other wastes,\" a villager said.On the other hand, the Reis Magos fort with its three halls is waiting to be thrown open to the public. It has been conceptualized as a cultural centre after its restoration at a cost of Rs 3.5 crore from funds provided by a British organization, the Helen Hamlyn Trust .The memorandum for restoration signed between the trust, the state government and the Indian national trust for art and cultural heritage (INTACH), was aimed at the restoration of the historic complex to boost urban renewal and cultural revitalization. \"It was also aimed at building the capacity of local communities in preserving heritage, and also to set up a sustainable, culturally, socially and economically viable model through contacts with institutions, communities and individuals,\" a source said.Gerard da Cunha, project architect for Reis Magos says, \"The adaptive reuse of the fort is an opportunity for Goans as a cultural forum and for the community to financially profit from the reuse while the monument lives on.\" This model can then be replicated for other conserved monuments and heritage buildings, wherever possible, he added.When the trust proposed to restore Reis Magos, it was linked with a plan to convert it into a hotel. Later, it was changed due to opposition from various quarters. Another listed momunent, the Tiracol fort, has been converted into a tourism project and is partly out of bounds to visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678769", "title": "Fresh warrant issued to Jaganmohan", "text": "HYDERABAD: A CBI court on Wednesday issued another prisoner transit warrant to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy and summoned five other accused to appear before it on June 11 after taking cognisance of the third chargesheet filed by the investigating agency in the disproportionate assets case against him.The CBI court of principal special judge took cognisance of the chargesheet filed on May 7 against Jagan, his financial advisor Vijay Sai Reddy , Jagati Publications, Ramky group chairman A Ayodhya Rami Reddy and group company Ramky Pharma City India Ltd (RPCIL) which is implementing Pharma City in Visakhapatnam and IAS officer G Venkat Ram Reddy , a former vice-chairman of Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) while issuing the transit warrrant.In view of Jagan being lodged in Chanchalguda jail, the transit warrant was issued to enable jail authorities to produce him before the court.In the third chargesheet, CBI had charged Jagan with conspiring with Vijay Sai to extend benefit to RPCIL by reducing the green belt area in the pharma city from 250 to 50 metres by prevailing upon his father and late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy to take a decision to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13683945", "title": "Pakistan-Australia ODI series may be held in UAE", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has decided in principle to conduct the upcoming ODI series against Australia in the United Arab Emirates , immediately after Eid which will be celebrated around August 22.Intikhab Alam , PCB Director (Operation International cricket), said he would soon visit UAE to finalise the venues.Alam was of the view that the series should be converted into a Twenty20 series of five or seven matches.\"It won't be a bad idea and we will be speaking to ICC about this,\" he told reporters.PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf had suggested that India could also host the series before he left for Chennai to witness the IPL final on the invitation of the BCCI.But a senior PCB official said that discussions with the BCCI officials mostly revolved around the participation of a team from Pakistan in the Champions League, the appearance of Pakistani players in the next IPL and restoration of bilateral cricket ties between the two countries.\"The Indians have a busy schedule so the chances of Pakistan and Australia playing in India were not discussed,\" he said.The official also exuded confidence that in the coming weeks, especially at the ICC meeting in Kuala Lumpur next month, some progress would be made in restoration of bilateral ties between the two countries.\"It would be premature to say anything at this stage but we are expecting some positive results and the Indian board has taken the right decision of taking it one step at a time,\" he said.Zaka Ashraf on his return home told the media that he had had positive discussions with the Indians and they were also now preparing for a bilateral series whenever the busy schedule of both teams allowed this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678998", "title": "Cops unearth tiles theft worth lakhs", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police have cracked a complicated case of theft of tiles used in civil construction, despite the allegations and counter allegations in the matter. Police, who have recovered tiles worth around Rs 2.39 lakh from the persons arrested last week, said a recently purchased property by the accused could also be seized during investigation.It had come to the notice of the trader Deepesh Kanawar, who deals in tiles, that material worth more than Rs 4 lakh had been missing from his godown at Babulvan locality. Kanawar had come to know that the material was being removed between January and May this year. Pravin Kanelkar, one of the employees of Kanawar, was quizzed by the trader in connection with the theft of tiles as he was handling the material and transactions.It also came to fore that Kanelkar had a shop of such tiles at Wanadongri which had to be shut down. The names of Rahul Ghode, Sunil Paunikar and Tushar Shrikhande too came up. Even a shopkeeper, now arrested, had been a part of the racket. Police have kept his name under wraps for the purpose of investigation.Police said Ghode, Paunikar and Shrikhande, like Kanelkar, were employees of adjoining tiles shops at Jagnade chowk where Kanawar's office is also located. Kanelkar, in collusion with the three, disposed of the tiles to clients whom they contacted outside the knowledge of their employers. After the entire episode came to light, it was learnt there was a meeting among local traders and the employees who were under the scanner. The traders had initially urged the so-called tainted employees to compensate their losses.During negotiation, the traders are learnt to have retained Ghode and Paunikar's bike until compensation was paid and dispute settled. The incident took a different turn when Ghode and Paunikar roped in others to settle the issue and take their bikes back. This left the traders unnerved. The matter reached the Nandanvan police station where Ghode and Paunikar complained against the traders and the businessmen claimed they were being threatened.The matter was referred to Lakadganj police station as the godown from where the theft had taken place was located in their jurisdiction. After inquiry, Lakadganj police registered an offence of theft and placed the employees named in the fiasco under arrest last week. A police team under head constable Tarasingh Jadhav started recovering the tiles from different locations. \"At Kanelkar's place, we found a document of property purchased earlier this month worth Rs 3.50 lakh,\" said head constable Jadhav.Senior inspector Pramod Makkeshwar of Lakadganj police station said that he may seek court's permission regarding the property documents found at the residence of Kanelkar for initiating seizure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13680055", "title": "HC quashes UP land order", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court on Wednesday quashed a notification issued by the state government for acquisition of land in Chhapraula village in Gautam Budh Nagar (Noida).The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice HS Singh on a writ petition filed by Savitri Mohan.The state government had issued notification for acquisition of her land on March 12, 2008, for acquiring 4.5 hectare of land by invoking urgency clause under the Land Acquisition Act . The court quashed the notification on the ground that the petitioner was in possession of the land and there was no development over the land in dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "13679633", "title": "Scared of police, in Ambedkarnagar, youth jumps into river, diesdied", "text": "FAIZABAD: A youth scared from the police, jumped in the river to save him and cannot manage to swim in speedy stream. The youth drowned in the river in front of police and the cops didn't even tried to save the youth and returned leaving him after he drowned.This incident is of Akbarpur city of AmbedkarNagar district, some police men charged a youth Vinod Gaur (22) alleging him of gambling, in which, according to the locals the youth was not involved, he was just passing by to buy some medicines from market. According to the locals, who also gave their statement before the police that they saw five policemen, two in uniform and three in civvies chased VInod to catch him, Vinod, a young boy in his early twenties, got so scared that he ran towards the river Tamsa that was flowing nearby and jumped.The stream was flowing very fast, Vinod started drowning in the river, and the policemen keep standing at river bank and didn't try to save Vinod, told the locals. The policemen returned after Vinod completely drowned, his body was later taken out by his family members, added locals. In this connection a case has been lodged by the police on complaint Vinod's uncle Ram Sumer in Kotwali Akbarpur against unknown policemen.Talking to TOI, Faizabad DIG , Bhanu Bhaskar, said, \"After we received this information we called all policemen from nearby police stations and also men from special operation group ( SOG ) and conducted an identification of policemen by the locals who claimed to be eye witnesses of the incident, but no policeman was being identified\".\"This is a serious allegation against the police and we are conducting an enquiry on local level with full impartiality\", added DIG.However, an uneasy calm is prevailing in the area as locals looked not satisfied by the working of local police in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13679959", "title": "Search on for 'rapist lover'", "text": "SAMBALPUR: A manhunt has been launched to nab the prime accused in the alleged gang rape of a Plus II student at Gohiratikira near Burla during the Sital Sasthi festival.During the probe, it was found that the accused had provided a false identity to impress the girl. \"His name is Sudarsan Luha but in order to impress the girl, he identified him as Rahul Panigrahi , an engineering student. We went to his village, Patrapali, where his old parents live in a hut. We have also collected certain information about the accused and we will soon put him behind the bar\", a senior police officer said on Wednesday.The victim was gang raped by four persons, including her boyfriend, for two days. Police said the prime accused took her to Gohiratikira near Burla and kept her in a house that belonged to one of his friends. \"We have arrested house owner Rohit Pradhan, his wife Sunita, Kuldip Siddar and Hari Meher for their involvement in the crime. The main accused would be arrested soon,\" said IIC (Town police station) R N Deo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "13683979", "title": "Hundreds of tourists stuck in Sikkim due to bad weather", "text": "GANGTOK: An estimated 4,000 tourists are reported to be put up in shelters provided by the army at their bases beyond 15 Mile en route to Tsomgo Lake and Nathula here after they were stuck because of bad weather.Incidentally, Wednesday was also the first day of the week when Nathula is open to tourists as any traffic up to the India-China border remains closed on Mondays and Tuesdays.The tourists had gone sightseeing and were stuck after rains brought down heavy boulders on to Jawaharlal Nehru Road, the link road between Gangtok and Tsomgo Lake.Speaking to PTI, Lukendra Rasaily, president of Travel Agents Association of Sikkim (TAAS) said that the boulders had started falling on the road after 2 pm and around 4 pm the road was completely blocked after a fresh landslide hit the area above 15 Mile.This is also the same road that leads to Nathula where the India-China border trade takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13681947", "title": "Zinc could help in treatment of bacterial infections in kids", "text": "TOKYO: Zinc has now been found to be the wonder drug for children suffering from serious bacterial infections. The first study to assess the efficacy of zinc given in addition to standard antibiotic therapy for suspected serious bacterial infections such as pneumonia, sepsis and meningitis has found that children given zinc were 40% less likely to experience treatment failure (measured as the need for secondary antibiotic treatment within 7 days, need for treatment in intensive care, or death within 21 days) than those given placebo.There was also a relative reduction (of 43%) in risk of death in the group assigned to zinc.The study by the Translational Health Science and Technology Institute and All India Institute of Medical Sciences, to be announced by the British medical journal Lancet on Thursday, has found that treating young children with suspected serious bacterial infection with zinc in addition to standard antibiotics significantly reduces the likelihood of treatment failure.In 2010, worldwide, infections were responsible for nearly two-thirds of deaths in children under 5, with around two-fifths of deaths occurring within the first month of life.\"Zinc is an accessible, low-cost intervention that could add to the effect of antibiotic treatment and lead to substantial reductions in infant mortality, particularly in developing countries where millions of children die from serious infections every year and where second-line antibiotics and appropriate intensive care might not be available,\" said Shinjini Bhatnagar who led the research.Young children aged between 7 and 120 days who were being treated with antibiotics for serious infections in three hospitals in New Delhi, were randomly assigned to receive either 10 mg zinc (352 infants) or placebo (348) each day, given orally.There were 34 treatment failures in 332 children who received zinc, and 55 in 323 children given placebo (a relative risk reduction of 40%).The authors said, \"We would only need to give 15 children with probable serious bacterial infection zinc to prevent one treatment failure. Zinc syrup or dispersible tablets are already available in the public and private health-care systems for treatment of acute diarrhoea in many countries of low and middle income and the incremental costs to make this intervention available for young infants with probable serious bacterial infection would be small.\"In a linked comment, Christa Fischer Walker and Robert Black from John Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, US said, \"This finding is important because case fatality is high in infants presenting with symptoms of probable serious bacterial infection. The exact mechanism for the effect of supplemental zinc is unknown and needs further investigation, but the clinical benefits in diarrhoea and pneumonia in children younger than 5 years, and now in probable serious infections in young infants, suggest that therapeutic use of zinc could have wide application. Additionally, zinc could be beneficial... for other serious bacterial infections, such as those causing typhoid fever or meningitis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13681167", "title": "College lecturer held for harassing girl student of Karnal college", "text": "KARNAL: The district police on Wednesday evening arrested an economics department lecturer of the Karnal government college on charges of harassing, misbehaving and threatening a final year girl student of the college.The action was taken following a complaint by the girl's father Sham Surinder, who stated that Ramesh Ahlawat not only harassed his daughter but also misbehaved and threatened to spoil her career, if she refused to respond to his sexual overtures.Sham Surinder told the TOI that the lecturer had made the life of his daughter hell and so they finally decided to file a written complaint against him with the police.The police after receiving the complaint started investigating the matter and on finding substance in the accusations levelled against the lecturer, arrested him on Wednesday evening.Inspector Satish Gautam, the SHO of city police station, who is investigating the case said,The police were still working on the case and it was too premature to reveal the details of the probe carried out so far. He said the lecturer had been booked under Sections 511, 506 and 354 of the IPC pertaining to illegal confinement, criminal intimidation and outrage of woman's modesty.''Accused lecturer will be produced in the court on Thursday, added Gautam.Dr Radhey Sham Sharma, the college principal said the authorities are awaiting the copy of FIR after which the matter would be referred to the higher authorities for appropriate action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681152", "title": "\u2018Shutdown call illegal &amp; in contempt of court\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Political parties have once again called for a bandh, which is illegal and in utter contempt of court, said a lawyer a day before Mumbai braced itself for a shutdown. The bandh call by the Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiv Sena is an \"an anti-citizen strategy against something they consider anti-citizen , the rise in fuel prices imposed by Delhi,\" said Gerson da Cunha, convener of AGNI, a voluntary citizens' rights group.The Bombay high court had in July 2005 slammed the two political parties for their bandh call following a bomb blast in the city. AGNI and some citizens took the parties to court in July 2004. The petition had said, \"Bandhs are no way to achieve a desired end in governance.\"A year later, the HC declared the bandh violative of the Constitution and of the citizens' fundamental rights to work and move freely. It imposed costs of Rs 20 lakh on each party for damage to property and loss of livelihood.The money was meant to form a fund to benefit the city. Since then there had been no call by the parties till the present one.The apex court made it clear over a decade ago that state governments should take steps to \"recoup the loss from sponsors and organizers of such bandhs. The fundamental rights of people cannot be subservient to claims of fundamental rights of an individual or some people, the court said. A bandh impacts the freedom of the masses, while a strike is used more in the context of trade unions seeking to exercise their right to protest by striking work, the Kerala HC ruled, while differentiating between bandhs and strikes. The SC had even called bandhs illegal. The Sena and BJP said they were merely appealing to citizens to act in consonance with party appeals.IN CASE OF A BANDH...Some measures the Bombay high court order specifies in case of a bandh threat Any organization/individual calling for a bandh shall be served with a notice under Section 149 of the CrPC. The notice will state that the group/individual will be liable for legal action and payment of compensation The State will take action, including arrest, against those seeking to enforce a bandh A visible police presence shall be maintained throughout the city prior to the bandh, in preference to other duties There shall be video-recordings of violence to identify miscreants", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679659", "title": "CAG pulls up Maya government for its lopsided priorities", "text": "LUCKNOW: The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has pulled up the previous Mayawati government for its lopsided fiscal priorities. In its report tabled in UP assembly on Wednesday, the auditor general has said that the allocations made by the BSP government to development, social and education sectors were not adequate in 2010-11 despite an overall increase in the revenue receipts over the preceding year.The lopsided priority was evident from the fact the ratio of allocations to these sector to aggregate expenditure was less than the general category states average except education which was marginally higher.This was despite the fact that the revenue receipts increased by 15% during 2010-11 over the preceding year mainly due to 21% increase in tax revenue and 37% increase in share of central taxes. The arrears of revenue as on March 31, 2011 amounted to Rs 17,195 crore.The cost of collection of major revenue receipts during 2010-11 in the state was over one and half times of the country average.In 2010-11, UP's revenue expenditure increased by 20% (Rs 18,302 crore) in comparison to 2009-10. Within revenue expenditure, plan expenditure increased by Rs 5,338 crore (34%) over the previous year and the non-plan expenditure increased by Rs 12,964 crore (18%). The increase under plan expenditure shows growth of infrastructure and service network of the state. The revenue expenditure as a percentage of total expenditure increased from 77% in the previous year to 83% in the current year. The committed expenditure on salary, pension, interest payments and subsidies constituted 82% of the non-plan revenue expenditure during 2010-11.As for the resource mobilisation, there had been trend in generation of state's own revenues all along the period 2006-11. Tax revenue-gross state domestic product (GSDP) ratio remained constant around 7% and non-tax revenue-GSDP ratio substantially decreased from 2.77% in 2009-10 to 1.9% in 2010-11. The sharp decrease in non-tax revenue-GSDP ratio during 2010-11 was mainly due to decrease under miscellaneous general services.The debt-GSDP ratio at 38% at the end of 2010-11 was on lower side especially in view of the the target of the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (second amendment) Act 2011 to contain it to 42 per cent by the end of 2014-15. Nearly 92 per cent of borrowed funds were used for discharging debt liabilities in last three years. The government was maintaining a sinking fund but the balances under the head '6003 Internal Debt of the state government' may not be sufficient for amortization of loans.The fiscal position of the state has shown improvement in 2010-11 in comparison to previous year. Though the revenue surplus reduced by Rs 3,539 crore, but fiscal deficit has reduced to 2.93 percent of GSDP during the year 2010-11 due to low capital expenditure over the previous year. Despite this, there is scope of improving it by making efforts of recovery of cost of maintenance of the irrigation projects, timely completion of projects or irrigation and public works departments and making these a source of revenue.One of the main flaws pointed out the CAG in its report was that of deficient compliance of various financial rules and procedures by the government. Likewise, rush of expenditure at the end of the year is another chronic feature noticed in the overall financial management, the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678183", "title": "4 arrested with 339 counterfeit notes", "text": "SURAT: City police arrested four persons including a woman and recovered 339 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from them.Following specific information, a crime branch team kept a watch in Godadara area and stopped an auto rickshaw GJ-5-AY-5877 for checking. Police found 14 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from the four people sitting in the auto. During questioning, the commuters failed to give satisfactory answers following which they were arrested by police.Police arrested Mamata Ashok Gupta , Rameshwar Sukar Shahu, Shivshankar Lali Shahu and Tejnath Baleshwar Sahu for allegedly being part of a fake currency distribution network. Gupta belongs to Jarkhand. The accused informed police that they arranged the notes from Jharkhand and that they brought 400 fake notes of total value Rs 2 lakh.Police recovered 325 fake currency notes of Rs 500 denomination from their house. The accused have already circulated 61 fake notes in the market and were going to spend the 14 fake notes.Police believe that they are a part of an interstate network which is being provided notes from Jharkhand. In the past, links to Jarkhand have cropped up in fake note distribution network. Police believe that the kingpins of this racket are using small groups to distribute the notes across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685466", "title": "Karunas\u2019 \u2018Chandamama\u2019", "text": "Tamil cinema's leading comedian Karunas is currently playing the protagonist in two movies- 'Chandamama' and 'Ragalaipuram'.Shooting for the films, both comedy capers, are taking place on a fast track. 'Chandamama' is being directed by Radhakrishnan, who has also penned the story, screenplay and dialogues. Lyrics are by Vairamuthu, while music is by Srikanth Deva. Ananda Kuttan is wielding the camera.\"How an ordinary man called Santhanakrishnan makes it big as Chandamama with his writing skills is the crux of the story. It has been loaded with humour and family sentiments,\" says Radhakrishnan. Shooting for the movie is currently on in Chennai and the crew will soon leave for an outdoor schedule. Swetha Basu is playing Karunas' heroine, with M S Baskar and Ilavarasu doing key roles.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13679558", "title": "Bangalore services ready for bandh", "text": "BANGALORE: There is an unsure feeling about Thursday's Bharat bandh: will it be a complete shutdown or partial paralysis, will the city buzz on, and will there be any violence? Whatever happens, the bandh over escalating petrol prices comes as a mid-week break, though banks and offices claim it will be business as usual.EXAMS RESCHEDULEDTo avoid confusion, exams scheduled by Visvesvaraya Technological University for Thursday are rescheduled to 2pm to 5pm on June 9. As a consequence, exams of subjects of all UG disciplines bearing the codes 74 (2002 scheme) which were to be held on June 9, are rescheduled to 2pm to 5pm, June 16. All practical exams scheduled for May 31 also stand postponed. The new dates for these may be arranged by principals at their respective centres (not later than June 8).LLB and post-graduate diploma in international business exams of Bangalore University , scheduled for Thursday, will be held on June 6. The subject, time and venue remain unaltered.SCHOOLS NOT CLOSED\"We will not issue any order to close down schools for the bandh. Depending on the law and order situation, the deputy commissioner can take a call to do so on Thursday,\" said Tushar Girinath, commissioner, department of public instruction. However, many private schools that reopened this week have declared a holiday in the interest of children's safety.Additional director general of police (law and order) Bipin Gopalakrishna said 120 platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) have been deployed across the state.NORMAL RUN FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORT, AIRPORT CABSSouth Western Railway: All trains departing and arriving at all stations of Bangalore normally.KSRTC and BMTC: All inter-city and outstation buses of KSRTC will ply as per schedule. BMTC will operate normally. If there are cases of vandalism, the authorities have decided to pull out buses on those routes or reduce the number of trips. BMTC patrol vehicles will be deputed in full force to keep a check on safety issues with commuters and operating staff.AIRPORT CABS: All 800 cabs each of Meru and Easy will not be affected. KSTDC Taxi Operators' Union said that all 550 airport cabs will run normally to and from BIA.AUTOS: The six autorickshaw drivers' unions said all 80,000 autos in the city will ply normally. \"If there is violence on the roads, the drivers will themselves will pull out their vehicles and some areas might be affected. But otherwise, we feel that public transport will not be stopped or vandalized,\" said Manjunath, Adarsha Auto Drivers' Union leader. Mustaq of Great Karnataka Autorickshaw Drivers' Union said his union is not supporting the strike and autos will run normally.IT INDUSTRYInfosys, Wipro and Dell said they would be working on Thursday. Some have made special transport arrangements for employees. Hewlett-Packard and Cisco said they were encouraging employees to work from home. Cisco said their regular transport vehicles would not be plying.Banks would be functioning normally. However, if there is violence in an area, branches in that area may choose to shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679044", "title": "Liquor dealer murder case accused nabbed in Muzaffarpur", "text": "PATNA: Gopalganj police on Wednesday arrested Umesh Singh, one of the accused in the liquor dealer Anil Prasad murder case, from Muzaffarpur district.Gopalganj SP Nitasha Gudia said Singh had been forwarded to judicial custody. Earlier, on May 28, the Hathwa police had arrested Sanjay Pandey from Turpatti village under Singaha panchayat in Gopalganj district.Anil, a liquor dealer and native of village Manichapar under Hathwa police station area, was gunned down by motorcycle-borne criminals at Hathwa Bazaar on May 26 night. An FIR was lodged with Hathwa police station against seven persons, namely JD (U) MLA from Kuchaikot Amrendra Pandey alias Pappu Pandey, his sister-in-law (bhabhi) Urmila Pandey, his brother-in-law Jaleshwar Pandey, his father Ramashish Pandey, Umesh Prasad, Sanjay Pandey and Arvind Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13681131", "title": "Netizens to hit streets against website bans", "text": "CHENNAI: Protests over blocking of websites are likely to become strident with hacktivist group Anonymous planning demonstrations in 11 cities on June 9 for restoring internet freedom. The group had targeted government sites and corporate websites after several file and link sharing sites were blocked by authorities and internet service providers (ISPs) recently.Soon, it announced 'occupy' protests in various cities on social networking sites Facebook and Twitter. The FB pages of the 'occupy' protests and Twitter pages of Anonymous are gaining support from netizens with many signing up to reach venues wearing Guy Fawkes masks. \"Internet is the only free media we have. Censoring it will mean that free speech is not possible any more,\" a member of Anonymous told TOI in an online chat.If the curbs on internet are not lifted, there will be more attacks on government sites, the group said. \"Most of them will be internet-based, but we will protest on the ground if need be,\" said another member. Just like the 'occupy movement' in the US, which started as 'Occupy Wall Street' and then spread to more than 20 locations, this could also become bigger if the curbs are not lifted, the member said.Emphasising that the protests will be peaceful and no harm will be done to public, the group said that they targeted the website of Trinamool Congress recently because a professor was arrested for sharing a cartoon on Mamata Banerjee. \"A democratic government doesn't have to fear us,\" a member said. \"We are protesting to show that people can unite without anything in common and move towards a common cause,\" they said. As for their identity, another member said: \"We do not have a country, a face, a name or even an identity. We represent only our cause.\"Asked if they fear a crackdown by the authorities, the group said, \"They can't stop the protests. Peaceful protest is our fundamental right. Their reaction is always for their benefit, they don't take any action for the people. If they fear us, they will try their best.\" Protests will be held in Mumbai, New Delhi, Chandigarh, Indore, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kochi, Kozhikode, Nagpur and Pune. Chennai and a city in Uttar Pradesh are likely to join.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13681447", "title": "State govt has no right to protest fuel price rise, says DMK", "text": "TRICHY: The DMK, one of the key allies of the UPA government at the Centre, on Wednesday staged a protest against the petrol price hike in the city. The party also used the protest as a platform to condemn the AIADMK government in the state, which had increased the milk prices, electricity charges and bus fares.More than 500 persons of the DMK converged near Trichy railway junction to join the demonstration led by former DMK minister K N Nehru. Though the demonstration was organised to raise the pitch against the Congress-led Central government over the petroleum price hike, the DMK sidelined the issue and hit back at the state government for hiking the prices of essential things.Nehru in his speech said that the AIADMK government had no right to point fingers at the Central government for hiking the price of petrol. \"Despite numerous protests against the hike in electricity charges, the state government stood firm on its decision and did not roll back the unbearable hike. The government collected the EB bill once in every two months with a view to prevent the consumers from realising the burden,\" he charged. On the vote bank for the DMK in Trichy, Nehru said the AIADMK secured more seats because of the allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678282", "title": "Nikhat reaches final of sub-junior nationals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The budding starlets of women's boxing in Indian inspired the crowds with another power packed performance on day four in the semi-final round of the 7th Women's Sub-Junior National Championship in Kolkata. The five-day championship which has been classified into four categories - girls of age 15 &amp; 16 (Group A), 14 (Group B), 13 (Group C) and 12 (group D), will have 160 medals on stake in 40 weight classes spread over the above mentioned age groups. 2nd runners up from last year, team Haryana emerged as the front runners after the quarter-final round on Tuesday, with 15 of their boxers making it into the round of four. Title holders Manipur had 8 boxers making it into the semis.In the penultimate round of the 15 and 16 year group, reigning Junior World Champions Lalfakzuali from Mizoram and Nikhath Zareena of Andhra Pradesh had an easy passage into the final round of the championship. Lalfakzuali playing in the 52 kilogram weight defeated Assamese boxer Jamuna Boro while Nikhath fighting in the 54 kilogram weight overpowered K. Pravish Chanu of Manipur.The 12 year age group witness quite a few rookie boxers taking to the rings at the Chetla Park. Punjab pugilists Sukhmani Kaur opened the proceeding with a bang; she took less than four minutes to get rid of another debutant, Santosh Nakade of Maharashtra. Kaur was leading 14:6 when the referee stopped the fight sighting it as an unfair contest. She now faces Chintu from Uttarakhand in the finals of the 30 kilogram weight division, who ousted Keral boxer Saritha BS in a similar fashion to claim her final spot.In the 36 kilogram weight division of the 13 year age group, Haryana state sub-junior champion Pooja upset last year's gold medal winner S Kalaivani of Tamil Nadu in an enthralling display of strength and technique. She dominated the game with her aggressive approach and never allowed her opponent to settle down. Pooja led throughout the bout, in the end winning on points 39:16. In the other side of the draw H Jamuna Chanu of Manipur continued her winning spree as she got the better of 2011 Sub-Junior Nationals silver medallist Sonali Tokas of Delhi. Chanu won on points 14:6 to set up the summit clash with Pooja. In the 40 kg weight of the same age, Mandeep Kaur of Punjab, a gold medal winner from at the 2011 Sub-Junior Nationals, pulverized Lalengmawii of Mizoram in a completely one sided affair. In the finals she will take on debutant Amita Soliyal of Uttarakhand, who beat last year's bronze medal winner Nimmi Jatav of Madhya Pradesh.In the 38 kilogram of the 14 year group, Preeti Kumari of Jharkhand was completely out of sorts against Chaitali Kapat from West Bengal. Preeti, who won a gold medal in the 36 kg last year, had no answer the superior power play of Chaitali. The WB boxer dictated terms from start to finish; in the end triumphing by virtue of points 25:11. She will square off against L Pavithra of Tamil Nadu in the finals. Two times Sub-Junior National Champion Asha Roka of Madhya Pradesh breezed past Jaspinder Kaur of Uttarakhand. Asha looking to secure her third consecutive gold, will now face off against Jarina Devi from Manipur in the 44 kg final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13678486", "title": "Brave woman thwarts robbery attempt", "text": "NOIDA: A 39-year-old woman showed exemplary courage by thwarting an attack by a man who had entered her house to commit robbery. The incident took place in Indirapuram on Wednesday. Manisha Jain, a housewife and resident of Arihant Harmony Apartments in Ahimsa Khand-II was in the house along with her two daughters when the incident took place.\"The man entered into the house around 11am armed with acid, plastic pipes, metal wires and a knife. He snatched the gold chain from my wife and then tried to attack her. As he tried to attack her, my wife managed to get hold of his knife and stabbed him in his hand,\" said Manisha's husband, Prabal Jain.\"The man then fled. When my wife screamed, the guards outside chased him and were able to nab him,\" said Prabal, who works with a private firm in Gurgaon. A case of robbery was registered at Sector 58 police station in Noida.Gautam Budh Nagar SSP, Praveen Kumar , said the man had come to the family few days back to work as a driver. Prabal, however, did not like his driving and they relieved him from service a day later. During his brief stint, the man realized that Manisha remained alone in the house the entire day. \"On Wednesday morning, he came with acid and two knives apparently to rob them,\" Kumar said.\"The woman showed great courage and we will recommend her for a bravery honour during a suitable occasion,\" Kumar said. On interrogation, the accused said he was staying in a rented accommodation in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681570", "title": "Cosmetics shop destroyed in fire", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire gutted a cosmetics shop situated in Shivalaya area of the city on Wednesday afternoon.Short-circuit is suspected to be the reason behind the fire. It was around 12 noon that the fire started and within minutes, spread in the entire shop. It also partially damaged some nearby shops. The fire caused panic amongst the locals. A number of fire tenders were pressed into service from the Latouche Road fire station.A senior fire official said it seems the fire was caused due to short-ciruit. In 45 minutes, the flames gutted the entire shop. The smoke engulfed some nearby shops also. The walls of the shop had turned black due to smoke and nothing was visible.The official also informed that a person who used to work in the shop of Rahul Verma, received burns while trying to escape the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "13681398", "title": "Lost boy\u2019s saviour in trouble with child panel", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: A day after TOI reported the story of a Gurgaon scrap dealer who restored an eight-yearold boy to his parents after a two-year search, the 'saviour' has landed in trouble, with the Child Welfare Committee seeking an explanation from him for not informing the local police about the boy.The CWC of Lajpat Nagar has also asked the investigating officer to find out if the scrap dealer, Azad Hussain, had been beating the boy and whether he was forced to work as a rag-picker without salary. \"Statement of the child recorded under section 164 of the CrPC stated that he was asked to work without salary. Azad used to beat him... IO should take action as per law and submit action taken report in the next date of hearing,'' stated the CWC order of which TOI has a copy.Azad claims he did take the boy to the police. \"I took him to the Sector 40 police station the day I found him, but the cops only registered a complaint and asked me to take him home. Unfortunately , I don't have a copy of the complaint. The cops said they cannot keep the boy and insisted that I could take care of him better,\" he said.The scrap dealer said he feared CWC would level charges against him since the Delhi Police had told him that he would be questioned by the committee members in the coming days. \"I strongly felt it was my responsibility to reunite the boy with his family and that is the reason I brought him home,\" says Azad, the eldest of six children living in a makeshift tin shed.Gurgaon police say they are checking records to seeif a complaint was registered about the boy. Azad also claimed the boy habitually ran away from home. \"In the first two months with us, he behaved well since almost every day I took him around town to locate his family . But later he started running away eight to 10 times a month. Every time, we would search for him and bring him back. Sometimes the cops themselves brought him back to us. I could have abandoned the boy but we all had got attached to him and are missing him a lot,\" says the scrap dealer.Malviya Nagar police said they would look at the boy's statement. \"We will register a case in accordance with the juvenile laws,'' said an officer. He added that the child had not spoken to them about the family troubling him during his stay.The child's father, Iqbal Ahmed, said his family was unaware of the twist in the case. \"We are happy to get him back. Why should we bother him with such questions? He has not informed us of any past troubles. We do not want to lodge any case,\" said Iqbal.The boy, then six years old, was playing near his home in Malviya Nagar when he hopped onto an earthmover in May 2010. He got off the vehicle after sometime but could not make his way back. He then boarded a bus to Gurgaon where he was found crying by Azad.\"Azad took good care of the boy. He kept looking for his parents . As the boy had disclosed that his home was close to a drain, the man carried out doorto-door searches at several places during the past two years hoping to trace the boy's family. He also got announcements made at mosques,\" said a police officer at Malviya Nagar.Azad's family claims they tried to educate the boy and got him admitted in a neighbourhood government school. \"But he used to run away. He used to call me ammi and I brought him up like my own son. Despite our penury we ensured he got everything .\" said Munni, Azad's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13680008", "title": "Citibank scam: Shiv Raj Puri still in jail, father out", "text": "GURGAON: A city court accepted the bail bond papers of Raghu Raj Puri, father of Shiv Raj Puri, the kingpin in the multi-crore Citibank scam .Raghu Raj Puri, a co-accused, was released from Bhondsi jail on Wednesday.However, Shiv Raj Puri had to spend one more night in jail as his bail bond did not reach the court by Thursday morning. \"Following the court's directions, Raghu Raj Puri was released from and he reached his home around 7.30pm on Wednesday,\" said Puri's counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679873", "title": "Teen comedian triumphs over tragedy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is said that if you wish for something from your heart, the universe conspires to make the wish come true. For Amit Khuva , a 17-year-old suffering from haemophilia , the collaborating universe turned out to be his father, mother, sister and a gem of a friend - Devang. Amit was five when he was diagnosed with the disorder and since then it has not been an easy ride for the Khuvas. The family, by choice, stays in a small room at a marriage hall to save money for his treatment and studies. His mother, who lost two of her siblings earlier because of the same disease, runs a tiffin service and his sister works as a mehendi artist to help pay his bills. But despite this, Amit may not have realized his dream of becoming an engineer had his friend Devang not taken the responsibility for him and his studies in school which denied him admission in science citing his illness. The boy cracked the HSC exam scoring 53.86 per cent and rares to become a computer engineer.For Amit, the mantra for life is very simple: laugh and make others laugh. He is a mimicry artist and has performed over 800 live shows and worked with 18 channels. Everything changed after he performed for a TV comedy show. \"Now instead of asking about my health people ask me about the next show,\" said Amit with a smile on his face.School life, however, was difficult for Amit. \"I did not have a single friend till my tenth grade and nobody even talked to me,\" he said. \"There were times when the thought of giving up used to cross my mind.\" But his single-minded desire to give his family a better future kept him going. He recalls the day when he shook hands with Devang Mehta and everything fell into place. \"We are friends not because I pity him but because what he has gone through and the way he has tackled the situation made me realize how strong he is,\" Devang said. \"His illness can never overshadow our friendship.\" Devang, 20, who along with another friend Abid, took the responsibility of picking and dropping Amit from tuitions. Abid, 17, who admits that he thought twice before being friends with Amit said, \"When I found out his disease was not contagious, I wasted no time in shaking hands with him and now I consider myself lucky that I am his friend.\"The two friends who have made Amit's happiness their top priority, regularly take him out for movies and ice-cream treats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678627", "title": "Nagpur traders' half-hearted support for bandh", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as BJP has lobbied hard to gain traders' support for Thursday's bandh called by this party, there has been a lukewarm response from businessmen. Traders say that they would only reluctantly down the shutters just to avoid any untoward incident. Except the wholesale markets in Itwari and nearby, the strike may get a poor response, say sources.Trade associations across the city have received letters signed by BJP MLAs, and other senior leaders seeking their support to the strike call. A few MLAs also held separate meetings with trade leaders on the issue. With party president Gadkari being from the city, BJP wants to ensure that the bandh gets a total response here.Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) an umbrella organization of trade guilds in the region, has shown an indifferent stance to the call. \"Although even the businessmen are hit by petrol price hike, it is not a business issue as such. The chamber has members supporting different political outfits, so it may not be proper to endorse a strike call given by any particular party,\" said NVCC's president Jagdish Bang.The only time there was a spontaneous response to the bandh was during Anna Hazare's agitation. However it was due to an overall wave and everyone wanted to gain mileage out of it. The very cause may not evoke a similar support once again, said a source in this organization. Industrial units will work as usual.The NVCC also questioned BJP's reluctance to reduce octroi, despite the party holding power in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Sources affiliated to this organization, said the response to the bandh call will be limited to the Itwari area. This is because the MLA from the constituency has been strongly lobbying for the traders' support. Kirana Merchants Association the biggest trade guild in this locality has supported the bandh, however on individual basis rather responding to BJP's call, said an office-bearer in this trade body.Nagpur Chamber Commerce Limited (NCCL), a city-based trade association having around 1,000 members has also supported the bandh call.Even as the traditional hubs like Itwari may remain closed, those in other localities like Dharampeth and Sitabuldi as well as Central Avenue are expected to remain indifferent, say sources. Secretary of Sitabuldi Merchants Association , Vijay Agrawal said a decision will only be taken on Thursday morning. Kamal Mehadia of Sitabuldi Vyapari Sangh, another trade guild in the same area, said a decision has not been taken as NVCC the parent body has not sent any communication so far. \"Sitabuldi mainly has ready-made garment shops and a days' closure leads to a loss of around Rs 45 to 50 lakh for the market,\" said Mehadia whose association covers shops from the Baidyanath building to Modi No 3.In Dharampeth, shopkeepers said, they will respond according to the situation. \"We will open in the morning and close down, if others do,\" said an employee in India Coffee House at Dharampeth. A laundry owner who was not aware of any bandh call, said also had a similar response.Most trade associations support a bandh call irrespective of the political party only to oblige the outfit. There is no point in straining ties just to save a day's loss, said one of the former presidents of NVCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679025", "title": "Pradip meets chief secy over pre-poll violence", "text": "KOLKATA: Friends at Writers' Buildings turned the worst enemies at the grassroots, prompting Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya to knock on the doors of the chief secretary of a government of which the Congress is a part.Bhattacharya complained of the \"unabated threat and intimidation\" by Trinamool Congress , particularly in Durgapur, Panskura and Haldia civic areas that are going to polls on June 3. Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra too has been crying foul for some time, seeking intervention of the state poll panel.Bhattacharya is upset over the fact that the Congress too had played a major role in bringing about poribartan in the state, but that hardly changed his daily routine. \"I have been calling on the chief secretary and the Election Commission for the last 25 years, seeking their intervention during elections. I had hoped that I wouldn't have to do it after the change. But I am dismayed with the conditions prevailing at the grassroots. There has been no visible change there. Clashes and intimidation continue as before to prevent people from coming to polling booths. There has been no change in the local administration. I keep on moving from pillar to post with the local administration behaving as they did earlier,\" Bhattacharya said.The PCC president who seldom speaks out felt let down with the attitude of the chief minister's secretariat that he hoped should have taken firm steps long before. \"It's true, our party has a Cabinet minister. But law and order comes under the home (police) department that is handled by none other than the chief minister and the CM's secretariat. That's why I had to go to the chief secretary, hoping that he might take some steps. However, clashes continue even after I called on the CS,\" the PCC chief said.And hours within Bhattacharya came back from Writers', Congress and Trinamool workers clashed again in Durgapur pressing the panic button among Durgapur residents. On Wednesday, Mishra said at an election meeting in Durgapur: \"We have been talking about Trinamool torture throughout Bengal. Now the Congress too has started making the same complaint against the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13678396", "title": "Man gets custody of minor wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man facing trial for allegedly kidnapping his minor wife , has been granted her custody by a sessions court. The couple had eloped in 2010.Additional sessions Judge Sanjay Garg handed over the custody of the 16-year-old girl to her husband from Uttar Pradesh after she told the court that she had married him willingly and wished to stay with him instead of with her parents or at Nirmal Chhaya, a woman-cum-children welfare home.ASJ Garg gave the girl's custody to the youth, relying on higher court rulings which said natural guardian of a married Hindu minor girl is her husband and the preferences of minor, who is old enough to make an intelligent decision, ought to be considered by the court.\"The girl is no longer required to be kept at Nirmal Chhaya. The revision petition is allowed,\" ASJ Garg said.The sessions court gave its ruling, setting aside the Child Welfare Committee order, which had denied the youth the custody of his minor wife. The girl had been staying at Nirmal Chhaya for the last five months after the youth's arrest on charges of kidnapping her.The youth, after securing bail, had first moved the CWC and then the sessions court, for her custody. In his plea to the sessions court, he had argued that the CWC order was passed in a \"mechanical manner\" without appreciating the facts.He said the girl was his legally-wedded wife since 2010 and had been happily living with with him and his family for over a year and she has not consented to go with her parents.While allowing the minor girl's custody to her husband, the court rejected her parents' contention that her marriage was illegal as she was a minor and her custody should be give to them.The court also noted that an inquiry was conducted by the CWC and the police regarding the age of the girl and as per the report of the Station House Officer , her school records showed her age to be more than 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13678839", "title": "Decks cleared to relay NH 17 stretch from Ponnani to Tirur", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The demand to develop the Ponnani-Chamravattom-Tirur stretch of NH 17, especially after the opening of Chamravattom RCB, got a fillip on Wednesday when the government asked the chief engineer of the public works department to prepare a detailed proposal for the work.In a meeting presided by chief minister Oommen Chandy , it was also decided that the next cabinet meeting will consider the proposal to sanction Rs 50 crore for the development of the stretch.The poor condition of the NH 17 here had led K T Jaleel, MLA, to submit Rs 113-crore plan to develop the stretch. It is learnt that the cabinet committee will clear for the time being only the amount required for the first phase of the work.P Sreeramakrishnan, MLA, said the proposals in the project would be implemented in three phases. In first phase, the 4km stretch between Ponnani and Chamravattom would be renovated and the Tirur-Chamravattom stretch would be widened.The project had proposed the widening of Tirur-Chamravattom road from 5.5m to 7m with an estimated cost of Rs 7.5 crore. The renovation of Perunthallor, Alathiyur, BP Angadi Bypass, Poongottukulam junctions, and construction of bus bays in seven important spots will cost another Rs 70 lakh.The development of Chamravattom and Nariparambu junctions would cost Rs 6 crore, and the widening of Nariparambu-Edappal stretch another Rs 4 crore.About Rs 39 crore will be need to complete the work of Kuttippuram-Chamravattom Bypass road, Rs 15.45 crore for renovation of Puthuponnani-Kuttippuram road, and Rs 50 lakh to spruce up the Nariparambu highway junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13679962", "title": "'No one has the guts to expel me from BJD'", "text": "On his reported move to divide BJDThere is no fear of spilt. (But) I cannot talk about the future; I am not an astrologer. There is no dissidence in BJD. Grievances have increased because proper care is not being taken of the party.On a group of party MLAs meeting him when Naveen was abroadThrity-three MLAs, including ministers Anjali Behera, Sarada Nayak and Sanjib Sahu, met me at my residence on Tuesday evening and expressed their discontentment over party affairs. At least 13 other legislators told me they did not come to avoid the media. The MLAs are unhappy because some undisciplined elements were affecting the party organization for the past two-three years. The party won successive elections because of discipline. But after winning popular mandate, the organization is not being looked after to the extent it should be. I pointed out about party indiscipline one-and-a-half years back, but no action was taken. Still, I will not say Naveen has failed as the leader of the party.On his ambition to become CMI have no aspiration to become CM. There was no move to unseat Naveen and I have no such strategies. He is completely safe as CM as he is the leader of BJD. If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. If I wanted to become CM I could have tried long ago instead of waiting for so many years. In 2009, over 90 per cent of the party candidates who became MLAs were recommended by me and selected by Naveen. The CM did not even know them. I could have attempted (to become CM) then. Why now when it is the worst period?On his 'rift' with the CMThe state government was slowly losing control due to bureaucrats' arrogance. I had drawn the CM's attention to this but little action was taken. Consequently, arrogance of bureaucrats was increasing day by day. Naveen is surrounded by some conspirators, who are attempting to create problems between Naveen and me.On whether he had spoken to NaveenThe CM had called me last night and enquired about several legislators gathering at my residence. I told him there was no formal meeting and some MLAs visited me to discuss their grievances and party organizational matters. (Sources told TOI that Naveen was likely to cut short his trip in view of the political developments in Odisha and return to Bhubaneswar by Thursday.)On CM's reported remark that an MP was 'stirring trouble'Naveen possibly made such statements after being misled by some party leaders, who held a meeting at Naveen Niwas as a panic reaction on Tuesday night.Naveen continues to be the leader of BJD and pursues his own principles. I have always said I am the 'Karmi (worker) No. 1', while Naveen and others were the netas. Naveen gave me the responsibility to look after the party organization since 2003. The public mandate for BJD was because of the organization, not because of (anyone's) image.On whether he fears getting suspended or expelled from the partyWith my personality can it be limited to suspension or expulsion. Who can do it in this party? Who has the guts to do it? The BJD president has powers, but going by the party constitution it has to be ratified by the party's state executive committee.On 'threat' to his lifeThree days ago, when I had been to Baramunda bus stand (in Bhubaneswar) to go to Rairangpur, I learnt that six persons in a SUV were heard saying \"isko udadenge (we will eliminate him)\" and dropped a soiled photo of mine before leaving the place. I had taken it lightly thinking it was a hollow threat. But later someone told me that a Kolkata-based gangster, Sunil Dutta, had been hired by a party MLA. I will not disclose the name of the MLA, but I feel threatened and have told the police. Some people want to eliminate me to target the CM. I will tell everything to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684659", "title": "Sreenivasan is ready to shoot for his next", "text": "Sreenivasan, the crowned versatile actor is all set to kick-start his next film. Titled as 'Bhoomiyude Avakashikal'. The film's shooting commenced at Ottappalam with Sreenivasan in lead role. The film also stars Kailash, Arun, Urmila Unni and Meghna Raj in lead roles as well.Ramachandra Babu is the cinematographer and Paris Chandran is the music director. The film is produced by Anand Kumar under the banner name of Yes Cinema . His previous production ' Beautiful ' was a blockbuster.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13678184", "title": "A blood test to spot all strains of bird flu in just 2 hours", "text": "TOKYO: A single blood test can now detect the deadly H5N1 bird flu infection in just two hours time. Scientists have for the first time developed the world's most rapid and comprehensive diagnostic kit that can detect all known strains of avian influenza or bird flu (H5N1) through a single blood sample.In comparison, the WHO orld Health Organisation's gold standard test can test for only three of the 10 distinct genetic types of H5N1 virus (clades 1, 2 and 3). To detect all existing strains of H5N1 with the WHO detection method would not be possible. The new made-in-Singapore H5N1 test kit is being called the H5N1 real-time Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) assay.The close collaboration between scientists from the Experimental Therapeutics Centre (ETC) under the Agency for Science and Technology Research (A*STAR) and clinicians from Tan Tock Seng Hospital (TTSH) enabled the successful development of the test. With this highly advanced kit, doctors can now rapidly detect all existing strains of the H5N1 viruses in a single test with almost 100% accuracy, within a few hours. Experts say this is a big boost to public healthcare system and a great stride forward in pandemic preparedness against this highly infectious disease worldwide. The bird flu virus, scientifically termed as the Avian Influenza virus, is usually lethal to the birds and normally does not transmit to humans.However, highly lethal and contagious strains like H5N1 avian influenza A virus that can 'jump' from birds to human have been reported to cause serious infections and even death rates as high as 60% in infected patients. Although anti-viral treatment is available, the potential for H5N1 bird flu virus to spark a pandemic remains a serious threat to public health as most humans do not have immunity to the H5N1 virus. Therefore, to successfully curb the spread of the disease during an outbreak, accuracy and speed of detection on the type of H5N1 virus is of essence for effective infection control intervention and patient management.Co-developed by Dr Masafumi Inoue, a Senior Research Scientist and Project Director of Technology Development from ETC and Dr Timothy Barkham , a senior consultant of Laboratory Medicine from TTSH, this newly launched H5N1 test kit has been clinically validated by several hospitals in Southeast Asia. \"We are excited to be able to contribute to the fight against H5N1 virus with our expertise and know-how. Our technology has greatly simplified and accelerated the process of detection and identification of new H5N1 variants. Such information is especially critical when the virus mutates to become more dangerous, such as in drug resistance.\" said Dr Inoue. To enhance its usability, this new H5N1 test kit has been designed to be compatible with the previously launched \"4-plex\" Influenza diagnostic kit .The latter is already adopted for use by several regional hospitals in Thailand . Using such multiplex assays enables simultaneous detection and differentiation of the different types of influenza infection in a single test, which will save hospital labs and clinicians significant time and cost. \"While there have not been any reported H5N1 cases in Singapore , this mutating subtype of influenza virus type A continues to be a concern. The ability to detect and characterise influenza strains remains important in the management of the disease. With this latest H5N1 assay, we can easily combine it with our previous 4-plex Influenza kit to differentiate which strain of Influenza is present with one test, giving a definite diagnosis and faster turnaround for our patients and our colleagues in infection control and public health,\" said Dr Barkham.Bird flu has been a big problem for India. It has been reported from various parts of the country including Maharashtra, Gujarat and north eastern states like Tripura. India has also reported many human casualties besides loss in millions due to lost poultry products. a sngle test that can detect all strains can be a real boon for India where genetical tests to identify the strain can take months during which time the deadly influenza virus can spread through backward villages, making containment operations a real problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13678715", "title": "High court stays recruitment process of employees in zilla parishad", "text": "GONDIA: The Nagpur bench of Mumbai High Court has issued notices to the concerned parties before admission and directed them to maintain status quo regarding recruitment process of employees in zilla parishad, Gondia which began on May 27 with the written test. This was announced by the president of zilla parishad Netram Katre in a press conference Wednesday.It may be recalled that the zilla parishad had issued advertisement for the recruitment of 112 posts of employees from junior engineers to peons and the job of conducting the written test was given to one of the companies of Mumbai. There were several complaints regarding the written test which was held on May 27 2012 and some aspirants had alleged there was huge corruption as in the test, money was collected from the candidates for their selection.The chairman himself had announced in a press conference on Monday that the question paper for peon posts was so hard that even the postgraduates might not be able to solve it. More over there were mistakes in some questions, he had alleged.However, one aspirant Atul Bhimte had challenged this written test in Nagpur high court . While hearing this case Justice AB Chouhan had given the status quo order on May 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678933", "title": "Rescued from Saudi Arabia, woman\u2019s family now faces social stigma", "text": "HYDERABAD: Facing social stigma, the sister of the domestic help rescued from Saudi Arabia said on Wednesday that she wanted to withdraw the complaint lodged against travel agent Ahmed Khan. Harassed by her employers and left stranded in Riyadh , 22-year-old Zakera Begum was brought to the city on May 26 with the help of the police.From behind a burqa, Zakera's sister Shahnaz Begum sounded vociferous and indignant. \"Our landlord has asked us to vacate our home in two days. My sister is 22 and has four children to feed. She went to Saudi Arabia to provide a better life to her children but it is the common folk who question our intentions. Indeed, the police have helped us by bringing our sister back from Riyadh. But due to the social boycott, I am left with no choice but to go to the DCP's office and withdraw my complaint,\" she said, adding that had she known they would be socially stigmatized she wouldn't have approached the police.With money remaining the overriding concern, activists say that women from backward sections of society are forced to take decisions that could sometimes land them in trouble. Bheem Reddy from Migrants Rights Council says, \"Due to illiteracy, their chances of employment reduces here and these women look for greener pastures in foreign countries where they would be paid more to do the same work. Sometimes they fudge passport applications. The law is that no woman below 30 years of age can go to any country as a domestic help. Officials at the airport turn them away.\"Hyderabad is no stranger to women being victimised by Arab sheikhs in collusion with corrupt qazis and travel agents. It was only in March this year that a UAE national was arrested on charges of dowry harassment. Activists wonder when the manipulative spree of Arabs will end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678967", "title": "Auto driver held in gold heist case", "text": "HYDERABAD: An autorickshaw driver was nabbed on Wednesday in the Begum Bazaar jewellery shop burglary case and 5 kgs of silver was recovered from him. Burglars had drilled a hole on the shop's terrace and escaped with the jewellery kept in the showcases early Tuesday morning.Begum Bazaar police said they got a crucial breakthrough after locals informed that they had seen an auto driver with his vehicle parked near the building at the time of the burglary. The cops swung into action and took the driver into custody for questioning. He reportedly confessed that he was part of the heist and pointed to the involvement of four others.All the accused are said to be from Rajasthan and do petty jobs in the Begum Bazaar area. One of the suspects has a criminal record, police said. After the burglary, the accused fled in an auto to Jubilee Bus Station and went in different directions from there. Special teams were sent to Rajasthan to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679105", "title": "36 Bihar colleges selected for Department of Science and Technology grant", "text": "PATNA: As many as 36 colleges of Bihar were on Wednesday selected for grants to be sanctioned by the Department of Science and Technology (DST), government of India, for boosting teaching and research activities in science subjects. The colleges would get Rs 50 lakh each. The universities of the state would get Rs 1.50 crore each for developing their science departments.This was decided at a meeting of the officials of DST, state HRD, university and college officials, held here under the chairmanship of IIT, Delhi professor and former Hyderabad Central University vice-chancellor S E Hasnain. DST adviser A Mukhopadhyaya, S N Bose National Centre for Basic Science, Kolkata, professor B B Bhattacharya, University of Kashmir professor M Z Chisti, Centre for DNA Finger printing and Diagnostics, Hyderabad, professor Akash Ranjan, vice-chancellors of Patna and Veer Kuar Singh universities and principals of different colleges participated in the meeting. Education (higher) secretary S Shiv Kumar represented the state government.Bihar is the third state after Jammu and Kashmir and the North-east to get special package from the DST for science teaching and research. As proposed, altogether 60 selected colleges of the state would get Rs 50 lakh each and each university would get Rs 1.5 crore for their science departments, according to DST officials. The state government is likely to sanction matching grants to the universities and colleges.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha, who coordinated the meeting hosted by PU, said all the four colleges of PU, namely Patna Science College, B N College, Magadh Mahila College and Patna Women's College, would get Rs 50 lakh each while PU would get a sum of Rs. 1.5 crore for its postgraduate science departments. All the four PU colleges seeking DST funds are NAAC-accredited and each science department of PU has got at least five core faculty members which are supposed to be mandatory for the institutions claiming DST funds.The DST has also pleaded for centralized use of costly equipment by different departments.Sinha further pointed out that the colleges to be selected for this grant must have at least four teachers in each science department, five faculty members in the college with PhD degree and having science departments of at least five years standing. The college would have to open separate account in the name of 'DST FIST' so that there be no diversion of funds.Earlier, expressing his concern over the poor response of the state universities towards utilization of various research and development grants, Hasnain said that not a single research proposal was received from the state during the last two years even though the DST has earmarked a sum of Rs 88 crore for the purpose. \"It is a shame on Patna and other universities of the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "13681148", "title": "Declared murdered 3 years ago, girl found living with husband", "text": "PANIPAT: Four persons, facing charges of abducting and murdering a girl of their native Knupura village of Sultanpur district in Uttar Pradesh, are set to walk free as they have discovered that the girl for whose murder they had been accused three years back, was very much alive and leading a happy married life with the person she had eloped with.Sheshram, Mahesh Kumar, Raj Kumar and Santosh Yadav of the village were charged with abducting and murdering Tarawati, daughter of Ganga Ram Sahu, of the same village in August 2009.However, after Sheshram, Mahesh Kumar and Raj Kumar were released on bail by the court last year, they discovered that Tarawati had eloped with Guddu and that her father Ganga Ram had hatched a conspiracy to frame the four on charges of abducting and killing his daughter, to settle scores with them as he had a land dispute with them.In August 2009, Ganga Ram filed a complaint with police that the four had abducted his daughter Tarawati. About 17 days after the complaint, decomposed body of a young woman was found on Purikita road in Sultanpur district, which Ganga Ram identified as that of Tarawati.Following this, the four persons were arrested and sent to judicial custody by a UP court. Last year, the court released Sheshram, Mahesh Kumar and Raj Kumar on bail, but Santosh Kumar Yadav continued to be behind bars.Mahesh told police that while looking for evidence to prove himself and others innocent, he met Awadhesh, a resident of Disaipur village of Sultanpur district. Awadhesh, an alcoholic, told him that Tarawati had never been killed and that she had eloped with his nephew and was now settled in Panipat. However, to reveal the full whereabouts of the girl, he demanded a sum of Rs 50,000 from Mahesh.Armed with the information, Mahesh started keeping an eye on Guddu's father Ram Bahadur, who happened to visit his son in Panipat on May 27. For two days, Mahesh camped outside the house where Ram Bahadur went in and eventually spotted Tarawati and Guddu.He then went back to his native place and came back with UP police, which, with the help of local police, rounded up Tarawati and Guddu and took them back to Knupura.\"Now that the girl, for whose murder we had been accused, has been found to be alive, we would be able to prove our innocence in the court of law,\" Mahesh said. He would be filing a complaint against Ganga Ram for implicating them in a false case, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680272", "title": "Shop owner killed, Rs 1L mobiles stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old cellphone store owner was found murdered on Wednesday in his shop in Kandivli (W) after a robbery took place there during the wee hours. The deceased, Manikchand Jain, was strangled to death with a loin cloth inside the family-owned store. Eighty cellphones made in China and five other branded handsets, collectively worth Rs 1.17 lakh, were stolen from the shop. Police suspect insider involvement in the case.\"Due to space constraints at home and to keep vigil on the shop, Manikchand would sleep inside the shop every night and return home the next morning. He rarely visited the shop during the day, during which time his elder son, Hitesh, ran it,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude.Neighbours told the police they would sometimes find Manikchand strolling on the street late at night. On Tuesday night, Manikchand reached the shop at 10.30pm. But when he did not return home by 9am the following morning and was not responding to phone calls either, his wife got worried. She then asked Hitesh to rush to the shop.\"When Hitesh reached the shop, the shutters were down as usual. Manikchand would always use the rear entrance, so Hitesh went to check there. He found the door latched from outside,\" said an official. Manikchand usually slept in the narrow passage %inside the shop. When Hitesh entered the shop, he found Manikchand %dead in the passage, with a loin cloth around his neck and patches of %blood near his mouth. Hitesh called up the police emergency number 100 around 11.30am. Investigators said Manikchand had died at least ten hours earlier.\"There were no signs of forced entry, which suggests that Manikchand could have opened the door to the killer, who may have been an acquaintance. There were no signs of a scuffle. Nothing was disturbed in the shop. The accused had systematically emptied the display counters and stolen eighty phones of Chinese make and five branded handsets,\" Hargude added. When the police arrived, they found few untouched cellphone packs inside the display counter.Manikchand's body has been sent for an autopsy. Officials said a pillow was found lying near the body and could have been used for suffocating Manikchand. No ligature marks were visible on Manikchand's neck. Police believe theft was the motive behind the murder.Neighbouring residents did not hear any sound from Manikchand's shop on Tuesday night. A resident of Hindustan Naka, Manikchand stayed with his wife and two sons, Hitesh (30) and Lokesh (28). His house is very close to the cellphone shop, 'World Mobile'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13681470", "title": "Legal loophole buys time for Wiki-Leaks owner Julian Assange", "text": "LONDON: Thanks to an unprecedented legal twist, Wiki-Leaks owner Julian Assange can now appeal in two weeks to challenge the extradition judgment by Britain's SC, which dismissed his plea on Wednesday against deportation to Sweden to face investigation on alleged sexual misconduct. Assange's extradition will now be kept in abeyance until June 13.If Assange is extradited to Sweden and convicted after his trial on rape charges, he will get a maximum of four years in prison. However, the whistleblower fears his extradition to Sweden will eventually lead to his trial in the US where he will be charged with leaking of classified information for which the maximum punishment is life sentence.Assange's lawyer Dinah Rose was shown the judgment less than half-an-hour before it was read out - sufficient time for her to detect a lacuna. She bought time for him by challenging the judgment on the correct interpretation of the Vienna convention on the law of treaties. Rose said no argument was heard on the treaties and no opportunity given to make a submission. Assange was not present in court when Rose sprung to her feet as soon as the verdict was announced. She submitted \"with great regret\" that the case should be \"re-opened\" .The Swedish Prosecuting Authority applied for Assange's extradition in 2009 - based on a European Arrest Warrant (EAW) - to probe accusations of molestation and rape against him by two Stockholm-based women. As Assange had moved to Britain, the EAW was presented to UK authorities for action. He was arrested by British police.Assange challenged EAW on the grounds that it was issued by a public prosecutor, who was not a judicial authority as required by the relevant 2003 European Act. He also contended that a judicial authority must be independent both of the executive and of the parties. His challenge failed at every stage in the UK.Lord Justice Mance, a dissenting judge, held that Britain - a signatory to the extradition treaty - was not bound by EAW. He explained that the common law presumption that British parliament intends to give effect to UK's international obligations was always subject to the will of parliament as expressed in the statute. The majority view held EAW to be valid.Sex, leaks &amp; lawsuitApr 5, 2010 | WikiLeaks led by Assange releases a video showing a 2007 US helicopter attack that killed a dozen people in BaghdadJuly 25 | WikiLeaks releases over 91,000 documents, most of them secret US military reports about the Afghan warAug 11 | Assange arrives in Sweden on a speaking trip partly arranged by 'Miss A' , a member of the Christian Association of Social DemocratsAug 14 | Assange reportedly has sex with 'Miss A'Aug 17 | Assange reportedly has sex with 'Miss W', a woman he met at the seminar on Aug 14. Between Aug 17 and 20, the two women are in contact and share concerns about their sexual encounters with AssangeAug 18 | Assange applies for permit to live and work in SwedenAug 20 | Swedish Prosecutor's Office issues arrest warrant againt Assange. The two women say that what started as consensual sex became nonconsensual. Wikileaks quotes Assange as saying the accusations are 'without basis'Oct 22 | WikiLeaks releases about 400,000 classified US military files chronicling the Iraq war from 2004 to 2009Nov 18 | A Swedish court orders Assange's detention after probe begins into allegations of rape, sexual molestation and unlawful coercionNov 28 | WikiLeaks releases thousands of sensitive US diplomatic cablesDec 7 | Assange arrested in UK on a Swedish warrantDec 14 | A British judge grants bail of $317,000Aug 25, 2011 | WikiLeaks releases thousands of US diplomatic cablesNov 2 | Britain's supreme court says Assange should be extradited to Sweden. A month later, Assange is given permission to appeal the decisionMay 30, 2012 | The court backs Assange's extradition to Sweden to face the charges against himBone of contentionThe case before the British supreme court hinged on a technicality: Did Swedish officials properly order Assange's arrest? The court ruled 5-2 that the warrant was properly issued. But Assange's counsel questioned the ruling saying it relied on a 1969 treaty whose interpretation she says she never had the chance to challenge during the hearingNext stepThe court gives Assange 14 days to challenge the rulingBrief respiteThis means the extradition order cannot become active until at least June 13", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680298", "title": "'Dindoshi cop asked for sexual favours'", "text": "MUMBAI: Police commissioner Arup Patnaik has ordered an inquiry into a written complaint made by a woman that sub-inspector AK Shelke from Dindoshi police station had demanded sexual favours to get her out of a case.The woman was brought to the police station on May 21 after her step-daughter had lodged a case of trespassing against her.Shelke has told TOI that the allegations were false and made out of spite.The woman had married a widower, in his late 50s, five months ago. However, the couple allegedly constantly fought and had even lodged five to six non-cognizable complaints against each other. The widower has two daughters from his first marriage. One of the daughters claimed that her father's house was bequeathed to her and hence, locked up the property. When her step-mother tried to gain entry into the house, the daughter called the police control room around 12.30am on May 21. The former was detained in the police station that night.On being released, the woman submitted a written complaint addressed to police commissioner Arup Patnaik stating that sub-inspector AK Shelke had demanded sexual favours from her in return for getting her out of the case.Regional additional commissioner Ramrao Pawar confirmed that an inquiry against the officer was underway. \"Assistant commissioner Maruti Rathod has been asked to conduct the inquiry and a report is awaited. The woman has also complained that the officer used offensive language,\" Pawar said.Criminal lawyers have said it is illegal to arrest a woman after sunset and before sunrise. \"Only if the offence is very serious and there is an apprehension that the woman may abscond, may a woman officer arrest her,\" said advocate Kshitij Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678157", "title": "Surat gears up for Bharat bandh", "text": "SURAT: Surat city BJP is fully geared up to make Bharat Bandh a success on Thursday.With almost all the major business organizations lending their support, it is expected that city will witness a holiday like atmosphere tomorrow.The bandh call is given by BJP to protest the hike in petrol prices by an unprecedented Rs 7.50 per litre.South Gujarat Textile Processors Association, Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association, Surat Diamond Association , Surat Retail Merchants Association and all the auto rickshaw unions city have already lent in their support to the bandh .As a result of this call, nearly four lakh workers in textile manufacturing, two lakh of textile markets and six lakh diamond workers will stay away from the work. More than a lakh retail shops will also remain closed in the city and at least 85,000 auto rickshaws will keep off the roads.\"We have set up groups consisting of ward presidents and other workers of the ward to take care of their respective areas. We expect a total bandh tomorrow,\" said CR Patil, Navsari MP.\"Our teams will be on roads in all the city areas to see that bandh is total and peaceful,\" he added.During the bandh, the highway will also be closed and no cargo carriers will be allowed to enter the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680174", "title": "CID says Faizul Islam contradicting himself", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CID said Faizul Islam, the agriculture department engineer who was rescued on Monday by Bongaigaon police , was contradicting himself while describing the turn of events since he was kidnapped along with his colleague, Godapani Pathak . The latter was killed by unknown gunmen on May 3.According to the CID sleuth investigating the murder, Faizul's kidnapping and his rescue might have been plotted. \"He has been contradicting his own versions of the entire episode since he was rescued. We haven't been able to speak to him properly as he is admitted at the hospital right now,\" said a CID official.The CID, which is under tremendous pressure from Dispur to crack the case, is considering taking Faizul in their custody. \"We need to take him in custody for interrogation. It's important for the case. He is the only witness of the killing and his revelation can give the case a definite direction,\" the detective added.On the other hand, security officials in Bongaigaon have restricted all from meeting Faizul, who is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Bongaigaon.However, sources in the hospital said that Faizul is now physically fit and can be discharged. \"He came here with minor problems. He had lost weight and had low blood pressure. But now he is fit and ready to be discharged from the hospital. But we have advised him to go in for a neuro test in Guwahati,\" said a physician.Failzul's family, in the meantime, defended him. \"He is being misjudged by all. He is not involved in any crime,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681588", "title": "Cosmetics shop destroyed in fire", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire gutted a cosmetics shop situated in Shivalaya area of the city on Wednesday afternoon.Short-circuit is suspected to be the reason behind the fire. It was around 12 noon that the fire started and within minutes, spread in the entire shop. It also partially damaged some nearby shops. The fire caused panic amongst the locals. A number of fire tenders were pressed into service from the Latouche Road fire station.A senior fire official said it seems the fire was caused due to short-ciruit. In 45 minutes, the flames gutted the entire shop. The smoke engulfed some nearby shops also. The walls of the shop had turned black due to smoke and nothing was visible.The official also informed that a person who used to work in the shop of Rahul Verma, received burns while trying to escape the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13679848", "title": "Fire department washes hands of audit of commercial establishments", "text": "Despite repeated demands from various quarters, the Mumbai fire brigade has still not conducted an audit of the city's commercial establishments to check their preparedness for fighting blazes. The demands for an audit grew louder after last year's Sara-Sahara inferno but have been made time and again because of the frequent fires at commercial establishments that raise doubts about the fire-safety measures in Mumbai's congested markets.Fire brigade officials argue that a fire-safety audit is impossible at present because they are severely short-staffed. \"How can anyone expect the fire brigade to conduct such audits? It is absolutely not possible. We do not have the manpower,\" said a senior fire brigade official.Following the fire at AMRI Hospital in Kolkata, the fire department had conducted an audit of Mumbai's hospitals and found 40 hospitals lacking in basic fire-safety equipment. Of the errant hospitals, 75% were private. Many had demanded a similar survey of commercial establishments.According to fire officials, encroachments, shanties and narrow lanes in markets are the main causes for frequent infernos. \"Fire incidents can be curbed if commercial establishments start taking precautions. It is not humanly possible to go to every establishment and make periodic checks. However, any new establishment will have to get an NOC from the fire brigade before carrying on with the construction,\" said the senior official.While fire officials typically undertake checks at high-rises, malls and multiplexes, it has still not begun carrying out such checks at unorganised or congested market areas.\"Markets where hundreds of people come every day do need fire safety measures, but as many of them are illegal or encroached, there is no mandate for fire safety. Narrow spaces are prone to fires but local shopkeepers who have small turnovers and profit margins do not consider spending on fire safety,\" said the fire official.While the BMC has not conducted a fire safety audit, it plans to levy a fire tax on commercial establishments. As per the proposal, which is yet to get the standing committee's nod, the maximum tax will be collected from commercial buildings like five-star hotels. The new tariff will be charged while providing commencement certificates for construction and reconstruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680384", "title": "Panther dies of thirst in Bhilwara", "text": "JAIPUR: The scorching heat has taken a toll on animals too in the state as a panther was found dead on Tuesday in the Devdungari forest area in Bhilwara district.After the panther's body was spotted by villagers, the wildlife authorities and police rushed to the spot. As per the preliminary report, the animal died of thirst.Environmentalists accused the government of not making adequate arrangements, forcing wild animals to stray into human habitats to quench their thirst and hunger, as suggested by recent incidents of man-animal conflict.\"It appears that the panther had died at least five days ago. Some villagers informed the authorities when they spotted the body near their village on the edge of the forest,\" said Babulal Jaju of People for Animals', an wildlife NGO .He claimed that that the panther was not killed by poachers, as they usually skin the animal and remove its bones before selling the carcass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679600", "title": "Sex ring busted with arrest of 6 Uzbek women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Tuesday smashed a high-profile call-girl racket operating from at least two locations in the capital and arrested six Uzbek women. The racket was being run from a rented accommodation in Chhaterpur Farms and Vasant Vihar in south Delhi, said Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police, crime.\"Six women, including a woman pimp, were arrested. The pimp has been staying in India since 2009 after extending her visa on various grounds. She facilitated the other accused to come over to Delhi on a tourist visa,'' said Joy Tirkey, additional DCP (SIT).A source said the accused charged Rs 25,000-30,000 for a weekend. However, when accompanying businessmen to locales, such as Singapore, Goa, Jaipur or Shimla , the rates went up to Rs 1 lakh.\"The Uzbek pimp got one of the call girls married to an Indian national to enable her to get multiple entry visa on marital grounds. She told cops there is a great demand for women from the erstwhile Soviet Union in the NCR region,\" Jain said.A source said foreign prostitutes are sought after with clients ready to pay double the amount charged by their Indian counterparts. The accused would visit India during sports or cultural events, like IPL and Formula-1, to maximize profits.Those apprehended were in 27-33 years age group. The arrests came following a tip-off that an international call-girl racket was being run in south Delhi. An angry client called up cops after one of the accused cancelled her rendezvous with him on being offered a better deal by another, the source said.The Indian 'pimp' is on the run, the source said. Police said the Uzbek embassy has been informed. \"They are not trafficked women. The home ministry has asked us to deport trafficked women without lodging an FIR. None fall in this category,'' said Tirkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678661", "title": "Power production of Mouda unit to stabilize by July end", "text": "NAGPUR: The commercial operation date (COD) of first 500MW unit of NTPC's Mouda power plant is expected to be in the end of July or beginning of August. After COD the unit will start producing power continuously. The state's share of power generated from this unit is 150MW. The remaining power will go to Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Goa.An NTPC official said that the unit was synchronized on April 8 and then generated on full load on April 20. However, since last few days the unit is again being tested. \"Once COD is achieved, any unit is not supposed to stop generation until it is taken offline for maintenance and overhaul, which happens after eight to ten days. Hence, we sort out all the problems before COD. Actually, any unit is deemed to be operational only after the COD,\" he explained.Meanwhile, Adani Power's first 660MW unit at Tiroda plant is expected to start its trial run in the coming days. MSEDCL is the sole buyer of the power generated by this unit.The new 500MW unit of Mahagenco's Khaparkheda power plant had achieved COD on April 16. However, it has not been generating consistently and has been taken offline several times for some hours or even a day or two. Same is the case with two new 500MW units at Bhusawal plant.One of the major reasons behind Mahagenco's decision to close down four vintage 105MW units at Koradi plant was commissioning of the 500MW Khaparkheda unit. However, the new unit's performance so far has failed to justify Genco's move.The power from the four new units will be crucial in meeting the winter demand of 2012-13 and summer demand of 2013. It is imperative that the generation stabilizes before November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679556", "title": "HC: Let CRRI decide on BRT trial extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has left it to Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) to decide if it wants to continue allowing private vehicles to ply on the bus lane of the BRT corridor till the completion of its study.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw noted that \"The arrangement which was made during the trial run was smoother for the traffic....\" but said CRRI will take a call on extending the experimental trial run on BRT. The next hearing of the case is on July 18.The court's direction came after an application moved by NGO Nyay Bhoomi seeking to reinstate the trial run's arrangement which allowed vehicles to ply in the bus lane. Referring to the interim report of institute, the NGO said that the experts had also given their nod to continue the arrangement.\"The concept plan received excellent response from commuters and was appreciated by print and electronic media,\" the interim report had said. The petitioner said the BRT system had created more chaos in car lanes, without any conspicuous advantage to bus users.The idle running of vehicles due to long wait at traffic intersection wastes fuel and public money. Such idling of vehicles also increases pollution and causes health problems to corridor users, the NGO argued in its latest plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681108", "title": "Control over Army tribunal: HC notice to ministry of defence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A petition alleging excessive control of ministry of defence (MOD) in appointments, rules, infrastructure and functioning of the Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) came under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday. The court asked the MOD and ministry of law and justice to respond the matter.Notices were issued by a division bench, headed by Acting Chief Justice M M Kumar, after hearing a petition filed by president of AFT bar association Major Navdeep Singh.The petitioner submitted that the Supreme Court (SC) had already held that Tribunals could not be made dependent on sponsoring or parent ministries, and to ensure their independence these could only be supervised by the ministry of law. ''It has been averred that all orders by the AFT were to be passed against the MOD and the same ministry is the parent controlling ministry of the tribunal, making it seem more of an extension of the state rather than an independent judicial body,'' the petitioner submitted.Major Navdeep also pointed out that out of 15 AFTs in the country, only three were functioning, as the government has not appointed judicial members after retirement, resulting in absolute absence of judicial remedy to serving and retired personnel in some areas. The Chandigarh bench, having the largest jurisdiction of five states, was also partially functional, with only one working judicial member against three posts.It was argued by the petitioner that MOD has not been implementing orders passed by the AFT and 95% of decisions were implemented without resorting to multiple rounds of litigation. Some reports were also placed before the HC, showing that that MOD had provided a wrong figure of only '303 unimplemented decisions' to a Parliamentary committee when the number was between 3,500 and 4,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680115", "title": "State asks Centre to compensate Rs 926 crore 'denied' in 13th Plan", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government has asked the Centre to compensate Rs 926 crore which was deprived by the 13th Finance Commission due to underassessment of non-plan revenue expenditure. Two years into the 13th finance commission award period from 2010 to 2015, the state government is now seeking this deprived amount.\"The 13th finance commission assumed budget estimates of 2009-10 as the base year for all states except Assam for projection of the expenditure for devolution to local bodies. In case of Assam, the 13th Finance Commission took the state's actual expenditure figure of 2007-08 as the base year figure projection for the period from 2010-15. As a result, the state has been deprived of post devolution of non-plan deficit grant of Rs 749 crore for 2010-11 and Rs 171 crore for 2012-13, which effectively takes the aggregate loss of non-plan revenue grant on this count to Rs 926 crore,\" an official said.The state got Rs 57,832.7 crore award from the 13th Finance Commission while the 12th Commission awarded Rs 24,329 crore and the 11th awarded Rs 13,280 crore. The award was way below the demand as Assam had projected a non-plan revenue deficit from 2010 to 2015 and had sought an award of Rs 99,870 crore from the Commission.The state government believes Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who has been informed about this loss, will intervene in the matter. Singh in his last visit here on April 20 assured that he will to extend a helping hand to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678150", "title": "Surat police to launch 'I Follow' to curb traffic rule violations", "text": "SURAT: The city police will soon launch a year-long traffic awareness campaign for citizens. Various events have been planned at regular interval. A formal announcement about it was made on Wednesday.The drive will be launched in association with the Traffic Education Trust , Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC), Drashtikon, an amateur photographer club, and Youngistan, a youth group. The year-long campaign is named 'I Follow', which encourages citizens to follow the traffic rules.Apart from crime, the city police believe that traffic is one of the biggest problems and all the denizens have to face it. \"Surat is already known as a clean and green city and now police are trying to turn it into most traffic sensible city. To educate people about traffic rules and encourage them to follow the campaign has been designed in citizen-friendly manner,\" police said.Campaign will focus on common rules related to helmet, no-parking zones, driving on wrong side, over speeding and traffic signal. Police believe that majority of the problems take place due to not following these simple rules.Among the events are photography competition, painting contest for school students, cycle rally, marathon, concept designing for fine arts and engineering students, graffiti wall painting and short film making.School students will offer wrist bands with message of 'I Follow' to traffic rule followers at important locations in the city. Street plays will also be staged by theatre groups of.A song is being prepared with the theme 'I Follow' by poet Mukul Choksi and musician Mehul Surti. \"We are working on reducing the traffic problems being created by auto-rickshaws. The plans will be introduced soon once it is ready to be launched,\" said Rakesh Asthana, city police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678751", "title": "Jharkhand to fight for special status", "text": "RANCHI: The state government is not in a mood to compromise on the demand for special status of Jharkhand.Chief minister Arjun Munda will soon write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and explain why Jharkhand should be given a special status. The Planning Commission had earlier turned down the request of the state government for special status citing non utilization of central assistance for welfare and development projects.The chief minister feels that keeping in mind the problem faced by the state in taking education, health services and infrastructure to remote areas, the Union government should accord special status to the state. \"We have suffered a lot in the past because of discriminatory policies of the Union government. Most parts of our state fall in the Schedule V area and inhabited by tribals. The terrain is also very difficult and it needs huge investment to make these places accessible which is not possible with the limited resources (of the state),\" said Munda adding that he would write to the Prime Minister and request him to look into the demand in the interest of the people of Jharkhand.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said the state' s was a suitable case for demanding special status as development had remained a dream in most places. States like Himachal Pradesh and northeastern states have moved on roads of development because of high central assistance only after they got special status tag.\"The state government has also failed on many fronts especially in using central funds. We are trying to bring changes and ensure 100% utilization of funds provided for development and welfare in the current fiscal so that we can show the Union government in black and white the need of enhanced assistance through special packages,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678601", "title": "PIL not a bar for Sky City clearance, says high court", "text": "KOCHI: The pendency of public interest litigation is not a bar for considering the applications for clearance for the proposed Sky City project by Yashoram Infra Developers at Chilavannoor, the Kerala high court ruled on Wednesday.While hearing a petition by Indian Institute of Architects , a division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique held, through an interim order, that the ministry of environment and forests (MEF) and coastal zone management authority (CZMA) can process the applications for clearance for the project even while the petition is pending.Untrammelled by the pendency of the public interest litigation, MEF and CZMA can consider the application in accordance with law, the division bench ordered.The public interest litigation filed through advocate Sivan Madathil alleges that the Rs 467-crore project at Chilavannoor would cause violation of coastal zone regulations. The project, which involves construction of two flyovers across Chilavannoor backwaters, is in violation of coastal zone regulations as backwaters are also covered under the regulations, the petitioner had alleged. However, advocate P B Sahasranaman, who appeared for the builder, had contended that the project w ill not cause any damage to any coastal ecosystems or backwater system and no reclamation activities have to be carried out as part of the project.The builder had pointed out that the bridge construction similar to the Sky City project was approved by the high court in the case of Goshree Bridges. A full bench of the court had held in 1998 that the design of Goshree Bridges will not violate coastal zone regulation rules, the builder group said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679884", "title": "All transfers, postings according to norms, says Union home ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Delhi and Goa chief ministers raised the issue of transfer/posting of officials and criticized the Centre for taking 'unilateral' decision, the home ministry on Wednesday rejected their claims saying all the transfers were done as per set norms and tenure policy of bureaucrats.\"All transfers and postings of Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Mizoram and Union Territories (AGMU) cadre officers were done as per laid down norms and rules,\" home secretary R K Singh said.He said the ministry did make exceptions in transfers and postings in extraordinary situation like ill health of officers or when service of officers concerned was urgently needed for executing certain works which needed 'continuity' for few months.His remarks came in the backdrop of Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit making her discontent known to home minister P Chidambaram amid transfer of a number of officers out of the Capital. Dikshit on Tuesday told TOI, \"Earlier, the home ministry would consult us. But now, senior officials handling important portfolios are proposed to be transferred without any interface with us.\"Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar was more critical. He even demanded an apology from Chidambaram for, what he called, \"unilaterally appointing IPS officers in the state without taking the state government into confidence\".Toughening his posture, the BJP government in Goa has even started refusing to accept the IPS officers who were transferred to the state by the home ministry.However, officials in the home ministry believe the public posturing by the CMs over the issue appeared to be an attempt to pre-empt the decision at a time when transfer/posting files of many officers are being processed for final decision.They pointed out that the Goa CM had made such allegations despite the fact that on April 26, he was requested by Chidambaram to suggest names of officers the state government desired to be posted.\"Goa CM's wish was accommodated as far as possible after consulting the state chief secretary. All India Service officers cannot be left forever in service in a particular state. We have to follow rules and rotate the officers as per the tenure policy,\" said a senior official.The list of recent transfer/posting of AGMU cadres showed that officers slated to move out of Goa or Delhi were those whose transfers were pending for long. Fifteen IAS and five IPS officers were transferred and posted in Goa since April while in Delhi, around 15 IAS and IPS officials were reshuffled.Sources said the home ministry would go for more reshuffle in Delhi and Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands Civil Service (DANICS) and Delhi and A&N; Police Service (DANIPS) officers soon. Most of those who were so far transferred from their respective postings have completed more than four years while there are still some officers serving either in Delhi or Goa for more than seven to 10 years who are required to be transferred.According to the guidelines, the home ministry has to ensure that cadre officers serve 'hard' areas at their turn and get required experience in serving in different constituent units of the cadre. It is also mandated to check and curb the tendency of some officers to stick to Delhi for years together by bringing extraneous pressures.\"Notwithstanding anything contained in this policy, the home ministry has the absolute right, if necessary, to transfer or post any officer to any constituent at any time on administrative grounds/ in public interest,\" the guideline says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680435", "title": "Two owners of mine arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a labourer was killed and three others were seriously injured in a mine collapse at Asojai village in Harmara police station area, two lease owners of the mine were arrested on Wednesday.\"We have arrested the lease owner of the mine Narendra Singh and Giri Singh after receiving a complaint from the victims' relatives on Tuesday,\" circle inspector of Harmara police station, Anoop Singh, said. Police claimed that the state mine department has also cancelled the license of the mines claiming it unsafe.Ganesh Nayran , uncle of the victim, Durgalal, who was killed in the accident, filed a compliant at Harmara Police station late on Tuesday night. The police then registered a case under Section 304 (Punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder), Section 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others) and Section 387 (Putting person in fear of death or of grievous hurt, in order to commit extortion) against the lease owners of the IPC .Police said no safety measures were being followed at the mine.\"The workers were not wearing helmets and did not have other safety equipment on,\" the officer said.It is believed police officials have also sought a mining engineer report to know the cause of the accident and confirm the negligence of the owner before making the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681497", "title": "Administration, candidates gear up for civic polls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district administration has initiated efforts to conduct the Allahabad Municipal Corporation elections. The list of the wards that have been reserved for the upcoming elections has also been published. Preparations for the voter list are also in full swing which is expected to be complete by May 31. The election for the Allahabad Municipal Corporation would be conducted on June 27.Candidates aspiring for fighting the municipal polls have also sprung into action. Banners and posters have come up in various localities of the city and the candidates are highlighting their priorities and achievements.District magistrate/ district election officer Anil Kumar has also reiterated for conducting free and fair elections in the district. He has given directions for that there should be proper security arrangements at the polling centres. Further, the model code of conduct would be strictly implemented.He has issued instructions that all the political parties/candidates or their representatives should not hurt the sentiments of any religion, community or class through writing or speech or through use of any symbol. Further, the candidates have also been instructed that their expenditure should remain within the allotted limit.The district magistrate has also instructed that before taking out any procession or rally in the district, prior permission from the district magistrate should be taken.There are 80 wards in the city. Out of these, 16 have been reserved for the people belonging to the OBC, while 10 seats have been reserved for the people belonging to Scheduled Caste (SC) and 17 have been reserved for the women. Out of the 16 seats reserved for OBC, 6 seats have been reserved for OBC women. Further, out of the 10 seats reserved for SC people, 4 have been reserved for SC( women) category. There are about 37 seats which are unreserved.The wards that have been reserved for the people belonging to OBC ( Other Backward Class) category include Minhajpur, Shivkuti, Neem Sarai, Pura Parayin, Meerapur, Om Prakash Sabhasad Nagar, Khalasi Line, Sadiapur, Dariyabad ( Part-II) and Bhardwajpuram. The wards that have been reserved for the women of the OBC category include Jayantipur, Meorabad, Nai Basti, Chakiya, Phaphamau and Sarai Garhi.The wards that have been reserved for the people belonging to the SC category include Malakraj, Chak Niratul, Nyaya Marg region, Engineering College region, Mundera and Jhulelalnagar. The wards that have been reserved for SC ( women) category include Qazipur, Harwara, Allenganj and Hiimmatganj.The wards that have been reserved for the women include Teliarganj, Civil Lines ( part-II), Medical College region, Malviyanagar, Atala, Karelabagh, Colonelganj, Transport Nagar, Alopibagh, Mehduari, Bakshi Khurd Dariyabad ( Part-I), Naya Katra, Kareli, Sulemsarai, Katra and Mumfordganj.The wards that are unreserved for the AMC elections include Chak Bhatai, Daira Shah Ajmal, Chaukhnadi, Tulsipur, Ashok Nagar, Narayan Singh Nagar, Mohtashimganj, Salori, Krishna Nagar, Azad Square, Ganga nagar, Chandpur Salori, Rambagh, Shahganj, Muthiganj( Part-II), Bahdurganj, University area, Chak Raghunath, Beniganj, Chak Dondi, Ishwar Sharan Ashram region, Katghar, Meerganj, Attarsuiya, Muthiganj (Part-I), Daraganj, Sadiabad, Rajapur, Sultanpur Bhawa, Govindpur, Madhwapur, Pura Manohar Das, Jahangirabad, Preetam Nagar, Baghambari Hosing Scheme, Bakshi Bazar and Civil Lines (Part I).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684795", "title": "Bala turns director now", "text": "Bala tried his luck in acting front in Kollywood, but didn't happen to go through a successful phase. On contrary, the chap proved to be more successful in Mollywood with consecutive hits in the row. The actor has now decided to rise with a new avatar. Yes ! Bala will be soon making his debut directorial with the film 'Hit List'.Shedding lights on the film, actor-director Bala says, \"I am constantly working on the project with lidless nights. I hardly sleep for three hours a day...\"The film will have Prithviraj appearing in guest role while Kannada star Dhruv and Aishwarya Devan will be performing lead roles.Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13684303", "title": "PHF fines rebel players for WSH participation", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) has imposed a hefty fine of Rs 10 lakh each on senior hockey players Rehan Butt and Shakeel Abbasi for playing in the unsanctioned World Series Hockey in India.Six other players including Zeeshan Ashraf, Waseem Ahmed, Imran Warsi were also fined Rs 2.5 lakh each for the same offence.The fines were imposed by the PHF on the recommendations of its disciplinary committee. All the players have decided to appeal against the punishment.Butt, who has already filed an appeal with the PHF, said, \"I am not in a position to pay such a heavy fine as hockey players don't earn much in their careers. In the appeal, I've also assured the Federation that I will take permission before participating in such leagues in the future. I hope they accept my apology and let me off.\"Abbasi said he was also in the process of sending his appeal as it was impossible for hockey players in Pakistan to pay such heavy fines.\"It is like our life savings because we don't earn much from the game,\" he said.Meanwhile, a source in the PHF said the Federation itself wants to wrap up this controversy so that they are eligible for selection.\"The chances are PHF President will reduce the fine amount within a week's time to settle the matter,\" he said.\"The PHF disciplinary committee recommended hefty fines on Butt and Abbasi under the impression that both had earned handsomely in the lucrative WSH,\" a source in the disciplinary committee suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685331", "title": "Nawazuddin bag awards at New York fest", "text": "But both the actors couldn't physically make it to the New York Indian Film Festival where they bagged the awards for their respective performances in 'Dekh Indian Circus'For most Indian celebrities visiting the US now, all roads led to the 12 th annual New York Indian Film Festival. Film screenings, followed by an awards ceremony and a closing night reception were part of what has now become an annual ritual of celebrating the best works of Indian cinema. Among the awardees this year, the Best Actress award was bagged by Tannishtha Chatterjee for her performance in \" Dekh Indian Circus \". Her co-star in the same film, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, got the Best Actor award. Anurag Kashyap, who attended the event that also saw the US premiere of \"Gangs of Wasseypur\", presented the Best Director award to Sujay Dahake for \"Shala\". Rajan Khosa's \"Gattu\" was adjudged the Best Film. While Rituparno Ghosh was given an award for his Special Contribution to Indian Cinema Award, the Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to director Shyam Benegal .Says Tannishtha, \"Neither Nawaz nor I could make it to New York. My sister was accidentally in New York then and she picked up the award on my behalf from director Dev Benegal. Our film's music director picked up the award on behalf of Nawazuddin. \" Dekh Indian Circus \" is a very good movie and I am glad that it is getting its due share of recognition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680143", "title": "Beed doctor couple may lose registration", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government does not want Dr Sudam Munde and Dr Saraswati Munde to practise any more as doctors. The medical education department has directed the Maharashtra Medical Council to investigate the allegations against the Mundes and subsequently initiate action against the erring doctors. The doctors are accused of carrying out an abortion that led to the killing of a pregnant woman. The incident occurred on May 18 in Beed district of Maharashtra.\"According to the police records, the doctors are 'absconding'. I have asked the MMC to gather the complaint details against these doctors from the state public health department. The council has been even asked to cancel the registration of the doctor couple if they are found guilty,\" said Dr Vijaykumar Gavit, medical education minister.Meanwhile, a women's delegation, led by member of legislative council Vidya Chavan ( NCP ), on Wednesday met home minister R R Patil on the issue. \"Patil assured the delegation that the bank accounts and property of Dr Munde and his wife will be sealed,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680487", "title": "'Fall sick less often, score better in exams'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Medical Academy conducted a survey that has concluded that those students who fall sick less frequently are bound to do much better in their examinations.With a sample size of 500 students from the four metros-Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata-the survey was aimed at studying the behavioural differences between students doing exceptionally well in exams as compared to students who do not fair well. The study found out that the main reason for less attendance in schools was sickness and some of the main reasons for this were unhealthy eating habits and poor hygiene. Lack of sleep also added to the deteriorating health of children.\"Frequent sickness, especially repeated intestinal infection may have serious implications on a child's health. These infections may lead to diarrhoea and loss of nutrients, which may hamper cognitive development in the long run,\" said Dr Sanjeev Bagai, member of Indian Medical Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13679703", "title": "Civic body throws rules by the roadside, uses paver blocks on huge stretches", "text": "MUMBAI: Flouting recommendations of its own committees seems to have become a common practice for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). Despite the Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC) advising against the use of paver blocks on major roads (more than 30-ft wide), the BMC, in a mad rush to complete road work before the monsoon arrives, is doing just the opposite: It has been laying major roads with paver blocks instead of asphalt or cement concrete.TOI visited three wards-S (Bhandup), N (Vikhroli) and T (Mulund)-on Wednesday and found that the STAC's recommendation on use of paver blocks is being blatantly violated.While the STAC had made it clear that paver blocks should only be used for side strips, footpaths, traffic junctions and narrow roads, the BMC is using the blocks on roads as wide as 60 feet in the three wards. Opposite Vijayvihar society in Powai, the civic body has used paver blocks on a 65-m stretch. At Hari Om Nagar in Mulund (E), a 45-ft wide road has been relaid using paver blocks for over a kilometre.STAC chairman M V Merani said, \"We have repeatedly told the civic body not to use paver blocks on wide roads. They are only meant for side strips, footpaths and one-lane roads which are narrow. Paver blocks are to be used where bitumen and cement concrete cannot be. We had specified two designs for laying of paver blocks, but contractors do not always follow them.\"Civic officials said the process of laying paver blocks is easy and less time consuming. \"Many times, the civic body uses paver blocks instead of asphalt or cement concrete just to meet the deadline. There have been instances when the BMC has realized only after starting the work that asphalting or concretizing of the road would not be possible,\" said an assistant engineer. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"Concretization or asphalting of roads has been stopped in some wards due to the presence of underground utilities.\" Interestingly, it is the responsibility of the civic roads department to get the clearances from all utilities before starting road work.Contractors prefer using paver blocks as it is cheaper than concretizing the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13679201", "title": "Drinking water crisis worsens in Guntur", "text": "GUNTUR: With the irrigation department refusing to release water to fill the drinking water tanks in Guntur district , a population of over 40 lakhs is staring at a massive drinking water crisis. Shockingly, district collector V N Vishnu has directed the rural water supply (RWS) wing to supply water by tankers instead of seeking intervention of the state government.Citing the ongoing works of modernization of delta and ayacut under Nagarjunasagar, the irrigation authorities turned down the pleas of the district administration to supply water. Nearly 235 summer storage tanks under Nagarjunasagar canal, 84 tanks under Krishna western delta and 31 tanks under Guntur channel have almost dried up. \"We are clueless on supply of drinking water as all the sources have dried up,\" said a senior engineer of RWS.With nearly 300 villages facing serious water crisis, the district administration is getting ready to supply water through tankers to all the villages. \"Instead of supplying water till the tank point, we could channel water till some identified point as there is no source even to supply through tankers,\" said an executive engineer.While the Sagar project authorities are reluctant to release water as the levels have dipped to new lows, the irrigation officials are holding back the releases citing modernization of delta works. \"Though drinking water needs must be given high priority, we cannot release water till July 15,\" irrigation superintending engineer V S Ramesh Babu told TOI. He said even if they bring the works to a halt, it would take at least 20 days for the water to reach the tanks from the Sagar reservoir.Sources said the authorities of Sagar project were opposing the release of water from the reservoir as the water levels touched a new low of 511 ft as against the full reservoir level of 590 ft. \"There is only 209 tmc of water, which is not a realistic figure if the accumulated silt is taken into account. This water could be used only for emergencies,\" pointed out a senior official.Last year, the water level was around 554 ft with a storage capacity of around 305 tmc but the situation turned worse this year as Sagar water was released for crops till March 31 due to immense political pressure. Ramesh Babu said that all the tanks were filled up till March 31 and the levels were sufficient to meet the drinking water needs for at least three months. \"With the mercury levels soaring all the time, water in the tanks is drying up fast,\" said Vijayaprakash, SE, RWS.Levels in the Srisailam dam went down to 800 ft as against the FRL of 885 ft with just 50 tmc of water storage. The level was at around 809 ft last summer.The situation turned worse this year as Nagarjunasagar water was released for crops till March 31 due to immense political pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680293", "title": "Coimbatore corporation passes 27 resolutions in meet", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation council passed 27 resolutions at an urgent meeting of the council convened at the corporation council hall on Wednesday afternoon.The council approved the proposal to buy additional handheld fogging machines and also for the immediate recruitment of 200 contract employees to be deployed on dengue control duty in the corporation municipal ward limits. The corporation has also extended the street light maintenance contract on a temporary basis to the existing contractor.\"The dysfunctional streetlights is a major issue in many of the corporation wards and it should be immediately taken up and rectified,\" said P Rajkumar, corporation North zone chairman.The city corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy assured the council that majority of the complaints related with streetlights in the corporation limit was due to faulty light maintenance switches.\"We have been imposing fine on the maintenance firm based on the complaints received. We have collected as much as Rs6.5 lakh as penalty from one of the corporation zones,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.City Mayor S Velusamy also held a meeting with AIADMK councillors before the council meeting began at 4pm in the afternoon. The main issues raised during the meeting also included the auctioning of some of the corporation owned shops near Singanallur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13678576", "title": "Grace marks if you collect plastic, corp tells students", "text": "KOCHI: If Kochi Corporation has its way, then the student who collects maximum plastic waste and drops them in bins placed in schools will be entitled to get grace marks in the public examination.The local body has come up with the proposal as part of promoting the campaign - My city My pride, which is to be launched across 54 schools and six colleges on June 4.Briefing about the campaign, T K Asharaf, chairman of the Health Standing Committee said that the corporation would approach the education minister to consider the aspect of providing grace marks to students.The Corporation has also announced the decision to provide cash award of Rs 25,000 to the school which collects maximum plastic waste.These programmes are corporation's efforts to give a push to the Suchitwa Varsham Programme. The campaign will be launched along with school Praveshanothsavam. Students will be encouraged to collect plastic and drop them in the bins placed at schools. The corporation workers will remove these form the premises of educational institutions.\"To encourage students we will give them notebooks as gift. We have also decided to form health clubs in schools, and these students will be given separate uniforms. They will carry out awareness programmes on health and cleanliness. The programme is part of our efforts to convert Kochi into a plastic-free zone,\" said Asharaf.Prior to the announcement of the plan, mayor Tony Chammany convened a meeting with the headmasters and principals of various schools and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678719", "title": "Speaker axe on 6 officials", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand speaker CP Singh on Wednesday suspended six officials of the assembly secretariat for making wrong claims of allowances. The six include assembly's secretary Kaushal Kishore Prasad .A senior officer the assembly confirmed the development. \"The six officials suspended by the speaker were prima facie found guilty of making wrong claims of allowances,\" said the officer adding that the officials made wrong claims of travel allowance and daily allowance.The officers suspended by the speaker include Anjani Chaudhary, Kumar Madhavendra, Harendra Sinha and Rahul Kashyapan.However, the speaker could not be contacted for his comment as he left for Mauritius to take part in an official function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13681382", "title": "China top leader snubs Zardari in heart of Pakistan", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi snubbed Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari by refusing to travel from Islamabad to Karachi for a meeting, according to Pakistani media. At the same time, he promised China's support for Pakistan's \"independence , territorial integrity and dignity,\" it said.Zardari tried to make last-minute changes in the venue and invited Yang to meet him in Karachi instead of Islamabad, where the meeting was originally planned . Yang declined, obviously viewing it as a ploy to test China's dependence on Pakistan for strategic reasons.\"However, the delegation expressed its inability to travel to Karachi to meet the president and insisted on the venue and time earlier finalised ,\" Pakistan's Online News Network (http:// www.onlinenews.com.pk) reported.Zardari was forced to rush back to Islamabad, the Online news reported, which was also published on the website of 'The Nation' newspaper of Pakistan.The agency said it sought a clarification on the issue from Pakistan president's spokesman, who said in an SMS reply: \"The meeting was scheduled in Islamabad.\" Yang also met Pakistani army chief General Kayani , who plays a key role blocking flow of Taliban-backed insurgents into China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680739", "title": "Rent-a-bike operators told to seek identity", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the proposed move of the police to make it mandatory for rent-a-bike operators to maintain a registry of its customers with all details pertaining to their identity and place of residence, the Margao police on Wednesday held a meeting with rent-a-bike operators to inform them about the new requirements that they will have to fulfill.The operators who are in the business of providing two-wheelers on rent to tourists, were asked to maintain the identity details of the tourists on a register and produce them on demand to the police. They were told to insist on obtaining proof of identity from their customers as that serves as a vital piece if information in case the police need to track anybody down.The meeting also assumes significance in view of the rise in cases pertaining to people impersonating policemen and conning people into parting with their money and valuables. DySP Mohan Naik urged them to report to the police in case the behaviour or movements of any tourists are found to be suspicious.\"Criminals want to flee from the scene soon after committing a crime, and a rented two-wheeler exactly serves their purpose. You, therefore, need to remain vigilant while renting out your vehicle to strangers,\" PI Sudesh Naik cautioned the rent-a-bike operators. Over 25 rent-a-bike operators attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680333", "title": "Rider, friend flung off bike as SUV rams into them", "text": "MUMBAI: A speeding SUV rammed into a motorcycle at Anand Nagar in Dongri, Bhayander (W) around 11.30am on Wednesday. According to the police, the passengers of the SUV fled the accident spot.The biker, Anthony Bavigar (40) and the pillion rider, Akram Shaikh (35) were flung off their two-wheeler and were grievously injured while the SUV fell into a pit and turned turtle.According to eye-witnesses, three passengers of the SUV, including a woman sustained minor injuries but fled from the spot.The accident occurred when a family was headed for a picnic to Esselworld , Gorai in their red SUV. When they reached Bhayander, the driver, as yet unidentified, began speeding and lost control of the vehicle and rammed into the motorcycle coming from the opposite direction.Bavigar and Shaikh were taken to a private hospital.The SUV that turned turtle has been seized by the police and details about the family, identified as the Nairs, are being gathered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679711", "title": "Gurgaon e-way: NHAI seeks to settle dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) told the Delhi high court that it has sent a proposal for an out-of- court settlement to the private concessionaire of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway.Justice S Muralidhar granted two weeks time to NHAI and the concessionaire, DGSCL , to discuss the proposal. While fixing July 3 as the next date of hearing, HC said in case the parties are able to reach a settlement earlier, they can inform the court and have the matter disposed off.Sources said that NHAI has decided to hold a few rounds of discussions with the developer and barring a couple of issues, the two parties agree on most issues highlighted in the proposal. The concessionaire has received the proposal.For the first time, the authority has softened its stand in court since the developer challenged its decision to terminate the contract for running the 27km expressway. Earlier, the authority had said that it is not willing to reach a truce with the concessionaire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678860", "title": "Bharati seeks protection for hubby Jagan in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: YS Bharati, wife of YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy , filed a petition in the AP High Court on Wednesday seeking directions to the police and jail authorities to provide adequate security to her husband in Chanchalguda jail .In view of the presence of several undertrial prisoners in the jail and also of violent incidents that have earlier taken place at the facility, she expressed apprehension over the security provided to her husband and sought additional cover him. The matter will come up for hearing on Thursday.In a separate development, Navneet Kumar Singhania , a Kolkata-based tax consultant deposed before the CBI and another magistrate and submitted that he had put nearly Rs 60 crore into Jagati Publications through certain briefcase companies.The money - Rs 28.50 crore through Sugama Commodeal; Rs 31.12 crore through Chandlear Trackon - reached Jagati on May 21, 2009, Singhania said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684944", "title": "Kim Kardashian apologises to India", "text": "Kim Kardashian, who told her family that she thinks Indian food is \"disgusting\", has now insisted that she didn't intend to offend anyone.The 31-year-old socialite came under fire after she dissed Indian food to her sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner in Sunday night's episode of 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'.Kardashian took to her official website to set the record straight, insisting she meant no offence to people of Indian heritage.\"I said that I thought Indian food was disgusting. In NO way was this intended as an insult to the Indian people or their culture. This is just my own personal taste,\" News.com.au quoted her as posting on her blog.\"There are definitely some Armenian foods that I personally find disgusting, but that doesn't reflect my opinions on other Armenian people or my culture,\" she said.The move followed heavy criticism from the Twittersphere after the show went to air.\"I think its good Kim Kardashian doesn't like Indian food because that means she won't ever visit India and that in itself is a blessing,\" @krishna_shah tweeted.\"Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner called Indian food 'so disgusting.' SERIOUSLY? You don't have to like it, don't be rude. \"gianteyeroll,\" @jenannelias tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680530", "title": "Goa University to get its largest indoor auditorium by 2013", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa University is set to get its largest indoor auditorium so far, which is expected to be ready by September 2013. The university's biggest indoor auditorium presently has a seating capacity of 150, while the new one will be able to accommodate 720 persons at a time.The new auditorium, for which chief minister Manohar Parrikar laid a foundation stone on Wednesday, will be built at a cost of 5.34 crore with a total built up area of 3,210 sq m.The auditorium will be a framed structure with concrete columns and galvalium sheet roof and will consist of a stage of 428 sq m with wooden flooring. The auditorium will also have a balcony.The structure will have provision for a kitchen with cafeteria too.The university's largest auditorium at present is an open air one built with grants from the University Grants Commission on completing 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "13678119", "title": "Bharuch's heritage buildings to get facelift", "text": "BHARUCH: The heritage buildings of the city will soon be restored to their historical glory and then used for running schools to provide quality education, thanks to an initiative by Bharuch district collector Roopwant Singh. The restoration project will be undertaken by the Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Company Limited (GNFC) and Parsee Panchayat of Bharuch with the help of CEPT, Ahmedabad.The variety of ancient buildings in the city tells one that Bharuch had the influence of Greek, Persian and Roman cultures and civilizations. Because of exposure to different cultures, Bharuch owns wonderful historical buildings having touch of many empires. In few of such buildings, the state government was running primary and secondary schools but when people moved from old city to new Bharuch, the administration was forced to shut down these schools.When schools were shut down in the old city and new schools had to be opened in the new city, the harmony and balance between the two parts of the city was disturbed. To overcome this problem, collector Singh came up with an idea of putting the old structures to use.He commissioned a survey to find out the educational facilities in the old city and the condition of heritage buildings. The one-month survey revealed that Bharuch was in need of quality education and there was a also a great need to restore the old heritage buildings.\"We came to know that the old city has heritage buildings and a few of them were used for running public schools until a few years ago. As there were schools, people were visiting these buildings, but after the schools were shut down, these buildings were abandoned. This led to deterioration of their condition,\" said Singh.He approached Parsee Panchayat which owns maximum number of heritage buildings in the city and also GNFC for renovating these buildings. He also decided to invite private partners in running quality primary, secondary and higher secondary schools in these buildings.The heritage buildings to be renovated include old collectorate, old court building, RS Dalal High School , old civil hospital building, and Motlabai School.The district collector said, \"The project aims at using the existing abandoned and damaged old public buildings in the old city. Renovations and repairs will be undertaken by GNFC with the help of CEPT, Ahmedabad, while Narmadanagar Rural Development Society (NARDES) will involve private partners in running quality primary, secondary and higher secondary schools. We aim to create at least two to three quality educational institutions in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680527", "title": "Letter rogatory issued to US court", "text": "MUMBAI: A magistrate court has issued a letter rogatory (LR), a legal requirement seeking judicial assistance from another country, for information from Google Inc in the J Dey murder case . The LR has been issued to the US court as the multinational company has refused to provide information on emails sent from the accused Jigna Vora's email account.Sources said the 37th magistrate PS Rathod on Tuesday issued the LR requesting the judicial magistrate of the US to issue directions to Google to provide them the details of Jigna's email accounts. \"She sent emails to Chhota Rajan from her Gmail accounts,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy. Dey, a senior crime reporter was shot dead on June 11, 2011, outside his residence in Powai.The police arrested 11 persons, including journalist Jigna Vora. Vora is accused of having passed on Dey's bike registration number, his home and office addresses to gangster Chhota Rajan who allegedly ordered Dey's killing. \"We have information that Jigna send Dey's snaps and other details to Rajan through her Gmail accounts,\" said a police officer. According to sources, crime branch officials want to peruse the contents of Jigna's email account.In December 2001, Google rejected the Mumbai police's request to provide information on the journalist's two email accounts, citing US laws. Google had sent a letter, which is now part of the supplementary chargesheet, stating that the Mumbai police can obtain necessary information only under the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed under a treaty in 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683301", "title": "\u201cUu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\u201d Songs Released", "text": "The audio release of \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\" starring Natasimha Balakrishna and Manchu Manoj was a grand affair. Hosted at Shilpakala Vedika, Hyderabad, the event saw Nandamuri and Manchu fans turn out in large number cheering their favorite heroes. Dr Dasari Narayana Rao, the Chief Guest of the audio release, launched the first audio CD and handed over to Balayya.Speaking on this occasion, Balakrishna said that he was impressed with his characterization and had trust in Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna's production capabilities to give the nod for the film. He further commended her dedication and sincerity whilst exuding confidence about the script. Manchu Manoj and Lakshmi Prasanna thanked all the unit members for their support and expressed confidence over the film's success.Dr.Mohan Babu, K Raghavendra Rao, Taapsee, Deeksha Seth, hero Nani, Sharvanand, B.Gopal, Manchu Manoj, Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna, music director Bobo Shashi, director Sekhar Raja and others graced the songs release of \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13684847", "title": "Sharon Stone makes out with toyboy at Venice beach", "text": "Sharon Stone and her 27-year-old Argentinean model boyfriend, Martin Mica, passionately made out while enjoying the nice weather on Venice Beach on Tuesday.The lovebirds got a little frisky when Stone, 54, showed off her yoga skills for Mica and he gave her a sensual back massage, Us Magazine reported.The public display of affection continued when the couple went for a romantic stroll arm-in-arm along the water.Stone had recently been sued by her children's former nanny for harassment and wrongful termination.\"This is an absurd lawsuit that has been filed by a disgruntled ex-employee who is obviously looking to get money any way she can. After she was terminated approximately one and a half years ago, she filed claims for alleged disability and workers compensation. Now, she is obviously looking for another opportunity to cash in,\" Stone's rep said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13678972", "title": "Vadodara's young engineers promise world's cheapest power", "text": "VADODARA: If this invention of budding engineers from the city makes its way to market, your electricity bill will come down drastically. Two final year mechanical engineering students from the city have designed a completely new technology that generates electricity using a hydraulic power plant that promises to produce world's cheapest electricity!If the total cost of one unit electricity in Gujarat is more than Rs 5 per unit, the invention of these students can get electricity at just 80 paise per unit. Students - Sandeep Pillai and Shivam Purohit - have already got their invention patented.\"Our technology generates electricity without using coal, gas, water, wind, tidal, nuclear or solar energy. The electricity generated using this technology is cheaper than that produced by any other electricity generation method existing in the world today,\" says Pillai, a student of Sigma Institute of Engineering .Pillai and Purohit have designed the power plant project at Rs 5.30 lakh that can generate 6,57,000 kilowatt hour (kW-h) energy in five years time.\"As this power plant does not require any resource like wind, water or coal to operate, the plant is completely mobile and can be established anywhere on a small piece of land,\" says Purohit, adding that the construction cost and time required for this power plant is just one percent when compared to all other power plants in the world.For instance, the construction cost of a coal fired power plant which takes three to four years is around US $1,000 to 1,700 per kilowatt (kW). Similarly, the construction cost of gas fired plant, nuclear plant and wind plant comes to be around US $800 to 1,500 per kW, US $1,000 to 2,000 per kW and US $1,000 to 1,800 per kW respectively. \"In contrast, our hydraulic power plant can be constructed in two months time and costs US $654 per kW,\" says Pillai.Further, they say, this power plant does not produce any pollution making it not only cheapest but world's cleanest electricity. \"At present, power plants are constructed near their fuel sources - a thermal power plant near coal mines, a hydro power plant near water bodies. The electricity is then passed through kilometres long transmission lines to reach the end user. Almost 7% current is lost in this way due to heat dissipation when current flows through cables. But in case of our hydraulic power plant, the plant itself can be constructed in the place of contemporary substations and hence a great amount of precious electrical energy is saved, as transmission losses are minimum,\" adds Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13681477", "title": "HC pulls up GDA on land, plot allotments", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking serious note of the fact that lands, plots, flats and buildings were being allotted to MLAs, MPs and other high dignitaries under various schemes of the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday asked the GDA Vice-Chairman to file a supplementary affidavit producing such a policy before the court.The order was passed by Justice Sabhajeet Yadav on a writ petition filed by Sharda Prasad, whose services had been dispensed with by the Authority.While issuing the direction, the court also took note of the fact that \"the Authority has also framed a policy wherein blood relations of officers and employees of GDA are allotted lands, plots, flats and buildings. And after this allotment, allottees are permitted to transfer the flats and plots to the employees of GDA or their family members\".\"Such policy framed by the (GDA) appears to be prima facie contrary to the public policy and permits favourtism and nepotism in public body like the GDA,\" remarked the court while issuing the direction to the VC of the GDA.The court also noticed that Plot No. SK-II/Ol Shaktikhand, Indirapuram Scheme at Ghaziabad had been allotted to Satish Sharma, a minister of state during BJP rule in the state, by the GDA on his letter dated August 8, 2001. Also, the allotment of the plot measuring area 395.17 sq. meter at the rate of Rs 2500 per sq meter was made on the same day by the GDA Vice-Chairman.The court said such allotments were being made by the Authority on the whims of influential persons without adopting any regular procedure. Therefore, it directed the GDA Vice-Chairman to bring on record both the said policies of the Authority and also the correspondence made by it with Satish Sharma and his wife.The court also directed to bring on record the names of other MLAs, MPs, ministers, officers and employees who had been benefited by these policies.The court will hear the case on July 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13679922", "title": "'Bhubaneswar emerging as cyber crime hub'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Emerging cities such as Bhubaneswar, Surat, Cochin, Jaipur, Vishakhapatnam and Indore are increasingly coming under cyber attacks, according to a recent report on internet security threat.The recent report from Symantec , a software security provider, attributed the threat to lack of awareness and low adoption of security measures by government as well as private sector organizations. The report was prepared on the basis of data collected from the Global Intelligence Network to identify, analyze, and provide commentary on emerging trends in cyber attacks, malicious code activity, phishing and spam.\"Bhubaneswar features among the list of locations in India from where phishing emails originate,\" the report said. Phishing is the cybercriminal's tactic of stealing confidential information such as bank account, credit card, online account login details, either by tricking the user into revealing this data through a fake email, or including malicious links in unsolicited emails.Examples of phishing frauds include emails that claim to be from a Nigerian prince who wants to transfer all his wealth to the user. Another example is when one user's email account gets compromised and an email is sent to all his or her contacts indicating that the user is stranded abroad with no money and wants some funds transferred for an emergency.\"Bhubaneswar is emerging as an industrial hub for various sectors with several small and medium enterprises catering to consumers across India. Cyber attackers are targeting these businesses, with the report revealing that 50 per cent of targeted attacks were aimed at SMBs in 2011,\" the report said.\"Targeted attacks use social engineering and customized malware to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information. These advanced attacks have traditionally focused on public sector and government. However targeted attacks have been diversified,\" it added.Last week, the official websites of Utkal University and some other institutes were allegedly hacked. Most of those websites are hosted by All India Online under a dedicated server. \"To prevent repetition, we have floated tenders for our dedicated server in the varsity. Steps are being taken to avoid cyber breach,\" Pratap Rath, a faculty of Utkal University.City-based information security analyst Amiya Mishra said that almost all government sites, mostly of educational institutes, are susceptible to cyber attack due to poor security measures. \"Regular computer security audit is a must to prevent hackers from breaching valuable data through hacking,\" said Mishra, also an ethical hacker.\"Cyber attack on government organizations is a big concern these days. We are taking maximum precautions to secure our data on computers,\" said Siddharth Pujari, principal consultant of IT-PMU, a private IT consultancy looking after the e-projects of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681119", "title": "Ban on mining: Brick kiln owners warn of price hike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making your dream house in Punjab is going to be a little more painful than it already is. The rates of bricks, which had spiraled in the past two years, are going to hit the roof as more than 3,000 brick kiln owners, making 18 crore bricks in a day, have shut down their kilns following directions from the central government and the Supreme Court to adhere to environmental clearances.President of Punjab Brick Kiln Owners Association, Kuldeep Singh Makkar said brick kilns have been closed since May 23. In the past one week of closure, the rates have zoomed ahead. Bricks which were available for nearly Rs 5,000 per 1,000 bricks are now costing nearly Rs 5,500. \"The rates are increasing on daily basis and beyond a point there will be no bricks available,\" said Makkar.Mining aligned with brick kilns has been banned by the Supreme Court of India and Punjab and Haryana high court. \"Courts have made it compulsory to have environment clearance for each brick kiln unit. The ministry of environment and forestry had made a notification in 2006 which it compulsory for these units to have environment clearance for mining more than five hectares of area,\" he said.Abiding by the notification, brick kiln industry was operational on mining less than five hectares, which doesn't requires environment clearance. \"Excessive mining of sand and stones forces numerous PILs, in which, considering the case of Deepak Kumar vs Haryana, the court made yet another judgment on February 27, 2012, that environment clearance is required even for mining in less than five hectare of land. Following this, all brick kilns are closing down now,\" he added.Kuldip Kumar Khanduja, senior vice-president, All India Bricks and Tiles Federation, and chairman, Punjab Brick Kiln Owner Association, said, \"Bricks are considered to be a basic element of any construction project, be it in building, housing, road construction or bridges. The government ignored our just demands and therefore ongoing construction projects would have to pay a heavy cost for this attitude of the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685305", "title": "Bharat bandh is common man's reaction to govt's wrong economic policies: Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday termed the nation-wide shutdown against last week's hike in petrol prices, as the common man's reaction to the wrong economic policies and corrupt governance of the Congress Party.\"It is the reaction of the common man against the wrong economic policies and bad and corrupt governance of the Congress party. During the NDA rule, the petrol rate was Rs. 33. 70 per litre. Now, it is Rs. 69.40 per litre, a rise of 137%... who is responsible? Now, it is time for the government to find out ways to close the gap, which is available in the country, to get the maximum production. Even in the Krishna Basin, we have got a lot of potential. But exploitation is not being done in a proper way,\" Gadkari said.\"Ethanol is available in the Indian market. Why is the government not encouraging the use of ethanol. They can add 25% ethanol to gas and diesel. But, they are not taking that decision. And, every day, prices are rising. It is all because of the wrong economic polices of the government. It is very difficult for the common man to survive,' he added.Gadkari further asked: \"Why is all this happening. Who is responsible for this?.\"The Prime Minister is a great economist, but our economy is a disaster. Parties supporting the UPA are also responsible for this. This shutdown is just a warning to the government to think about the people,\" he said.He also appealed to party workers to observe the shutdown peacefully.\"I appeal to all my party members that the nation-wide shutdown should be peaceful and successful,\" he said.The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is spearheading a nation-wide shutdown in protest against last week's hike in petrol prices.The Congress party-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA-II) government had on March 24 announced a hike in petrol prices by rupees.7.50 per litre.The move has triggered fierce howls of protest and outcry from the masses, and parties from across the national political spectrum, including key government allies, who are vehemently demanding a rollback in the petrol price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678809", "title": "Autos in city to join bandh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over one lakh autorickshaws in the city may go off the roads on Thursday with most unions deciding to support the all-India bandh called by opposition parties to protest against the petrol-price hike.The AITUC, BMS, Telangana Auto Drivers' JAC and other unions have decided to participate in the day-long bandh. The Telangana Rashtra Samithi and the Telangana JAC are supporting the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13680091", "title": "Please do not smoke, learn from my lesson", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based businessman Ramesh Patel, 36, recently underwent surgery for oral cancer. From a hospital, he is now pleading with people, especially youngsters, to not to succumb to peer pressure and pick up the cancer stick or cigarette.\"I made the mistake of my life when I gave in to my friends' pressure and started smoking at the age of 20. I have gone through hell in the past fifteen days. If I go back in time, I would chose never to touch a cigarette,\" Patel said from his ward in the HCG Cancer Hospital .He speaks hoarsely due to the surgery in which his cheek and nodes in his neck were removed to take away the cancer from his body. He will now undergo therapy to prevent the cancer from spreading.Patel had it all going for him. At a young age, he did well in business and ran a factory in Vatva. The habit of smoking had aggravated and he confesses to be smoking 15-odd cigarettes daily. Patel never smoked in front of his father. Today, when his aged father is looking after him in the hospital, he cannot bring himself to talk about his tobacco history. On May 12, he was diagnosed with oral cancer and surgery was recommended.\"I intend never to touch tobacco in my life. It may be late but I hope my story will inspire at least one to give up tobacco,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680455", "title": "\u2018Officials failed to act on time to save labourers", "text": "JAIPUR: The district administration allegedly failed to provide timely assistance to save the labourers trapped under debris of a portion of the stone mine that caved in on Tuesday.Residents of Asojai village made the allegations on Wednesday saying the administration's rescue team arrived almost three hours late and was so ill-equipped that it ultimately proved fatal for the workers.Also, the life of Durgalal could have been saved if rescue team had reached the spot on time. Ram Lal Yadav , former sarpanch of the village said, \"Despite several phone calls, the officials reached late to the spot. No senior officers from the administration and police arrived immediately and most of the rescue work was done by us. The incident occurred around 4.30 pm and had Durgalal been taken to the hospital on time, he could have been saved.\"The villagers also alleged the administration did not have sufficient resources and were ill-equipped to carry out the rescue operation. \"The earth moving machine run out of diesel during the operation. Also, till midnight, only one earth moving machine was arranged for the rescue operation. But it was not sufficient to remove the big stones.\"Admitting the fact, additional district magistrate Jaswant Singh said, \"One earth moving machine was not sufficient to remove the big rocks under which the labourers were buried. We called a big hydraulic crane for the rescue operation afterwards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13678072", "title": "I'm not apologising: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan is over the moon, now with the IPL Trophy safely tucked away in Mannat, his home in Mumbai. Relieved that the wait is over, he's wondering why he's been in the news lately for all the wrong reasons. The movie superstar and Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner spoke to TOI in a freewheeling chat. He talked about KKR's celebrations and why he won't apologise to the MCA...ExcerptsIPL champions.... How does it sound?Whenever I have thought of winning the IPL, I kept telling myself I'll fight for it, I deserve it, and everyone believes in me, I can do it. But when my team actually won it, I realised - of course, in a very beautiful way - there was just a feeling of emptiness. I think this victory has been a great lesson in life. When you believe in something and you get it, it becomes all the more bigger.Is it a personal triumph?Yes, winning the IPL had become a personal thing for me. I used to read, watch on television, what is being written and said about me. Sometimes it was personal. They said Shah Rukh doesn't know how to run a team, he is going through a mid-life crisis. There were insinuations that me and Jay (Mehta) were interfering too much, getting into the cricketing side. Somethings I read weren't nice. Some politician came out the other day and said Bollywood should not be allowed in IPL. My question is if Bollywood can be allowed in the parliament, why not IPL? What kind of logic is that?According to people IPL is about parties, drugs, Bollywood! Not sport?Isn't sport a good thing. People have a few beers after a match and it becomes a controversy. That day after the final, some channel reported that champagne was being opened. I wasn't there but I was just hoping they don't make another controversy out of it... \"Arrey dekho, Shahrukh ke team ne bubbly khola.\"Is this all getting scary?It doesn't scare me, it irritates me, disturbs me. People keep saying I am a role model and have to act like one. Do they know what a role model is? A role model is an individual who plays some damn role in public life. I don't play any role in public life. I am an actor and I come from a background where many middle-class people come from. It shows how important it is in life to have some kind of education. I hear people say... \"Why does he (Shah Rukh) wear dark glasses at night?\" I'll tell you why I wear them. I wear them because the sun doesn't stop shining on me... even at night! If you can't wear and feel bad about it, I'm sorry.Your critics have gone on TV saying you go overboard with things...I don't want to name people here but when these so called pallbearers of society give lectures and talk about how one should conduct himself or herself, it's irritating. I want to tell that person \"You stupid red-wine drinking, uncool, good for nothing socialite... what right do you have to glorify yourself in tabloids or on TV like that? What life have you seen? How dare you go on some television channel and call me an overgrown schoolboy? What life have you lived?The Kolkata celebrations were dramatic...After the World Cup, it was the biggest celebration in Kolkata. Just heard one gentleman politician say why are they celebrating so much when only five Bengali players were there in the team. How dare he say that? Does he mean he doesn't watch other sports if there is no Bengali player in it or my movies because I am from Delhi.What about the Wankhede controversy? There's confusion about the apology bit...Let me make this very clear, I am not apologising to anybody. I only apologise to my kids for what happened, I apologise to myself for having gone there. I will also not take on an organization (MCA) for the actions of one or two individuals. There was a man wearing a yellow shirt that night who spoke rudely with me. People expect me to remember his name? I don't even remember names of my co-actors. If that man comes in front of me, I will beat him. He said things that were trash, unsecular and unworthy of my repeating them. I have lived in Mumbai for more than 20 years, have my domicile here, my home and family here. I am as much Indian as that idiot who made the comment or anyone else in this country. Thankfully it took me 10 minutes to understand what he said... otherwise I would've caught him right there and slapped him. I don't teach my children what is Hindu and what is Muslim. Every association has their rules and they should follow it and God bless them for that. It doesn't matter to me if I go to Wankhede or not.Was it blown out of proportion?Completely.Has there been a conscious effort to shift focus from Brand SRK to Brand Kolkata?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680481", "title": "Builder held for cheating, forgery", "text": "MUMBAI: A developer was arrested and produced in a court for cheating and forgery on Tuesday. Yeshwant Modi was sent to police custody till June 5.In August 1995, a 16,947-sq-m plot in Borivli (E) was sold by Khatau Makhanji and Co Pvt Ltd to Meera Housing Pvt Ltd. Modi was the constituted attorney with Khatau Makhanji and Co Pvt Ltd. In 2004, Modi allegedly submitted a proposal to the SRA showing himself as the owner of the plot. The Meera Housing office-bearers objected before the SRA and complained to the police, but in vain. They then approached the metropolitan magistrate court. In August 2009, the court ordered the police to conduct a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13681215", "title": "Haryana officer fights for 9 years for Rs 30 increment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Bhiwani court has ordered departmental action against government officials responsible for not allowing an increment of Rs 30 to a deputy excise and taxation commissioner.The officer, V B Malik (now retired), wanted the benefit in lieu of adopting small family norms and kept fighting for nine years, but the excise and taxation department did not decide his application, which was filed on July 23, 2003.In a recent order, additional sessions judge, Bhiwani, M M Dhonchak, ordered the department to give the increment to the officer, with interest, from February 24, 1984 as he had joined the department on this day.The judge observed, \"...this court would be failing in the discharge of its duties if appropriate action is not ordered against officials, who thought it proper to sleep tightly over the request of the appellant...\"Initially, Malik was working as science master in government middle school, Muzadpur (Hisar) and was getting one increment of Rs 30 as personal pay as an incentive for adopting small family norms from September 1,1981 as his wife had underwent tubectomy operation.However, after he joined the excise and taxation department in 1984, the then drawing and disbursing officer, allegedly discontinued payment of personal pay, in contravention of instructions issued by the government.According to the instructions, this benefit is to be allowed up to retirement date of an employee and is to be paid at the rates modified by the government from time to time.Not only this, even principal secretary of the department in 2006 directed the commissioner of the department to allow personal pay to the officer, if he was getting it in the education department.The officer's counsel said in the court that neither the claim of the officer was granted nor the same was refused by the department.However, the government pleader argued that no cause of action had accrued to the officer to rush to the court for seeking relief as his request was not denied by the department.On this, the court observed, \"The fate of an employee cannot be allowed to hang in balance for years together by not deciding his request either way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bulandshahar", "code": "13682834", "title": "18 killed in road accident in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "BULANDSHAHAR: Eighteen people were killed and over two dozen injured when an Uttarakhand Roadways bus collided with a mini-truck at Lakahooti area today, police said.The accident occurred when the bus, on its way to Haldwani town of Uttarakhand from here, collided head-on with the mini-truck, carrying people back from Garhmukteshwar after performing last rites of a deceased at river Ganga, they said.The injured have been admitted to a government hospital, they said, adding that investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680576", "title": "Protesting youth welcome Chief minister's move", "text": "PANAJI: The youth who were issued employment letters by the Congress government just before the election code of conduct came into effect on December 24, continued their dharna outside the CM's residence today protesting cancellation of their recruitment.Speaking to TOI, they said they had received offer letters before the election code came into effect and not after as mentioned by some officials. Sachin Gaonkar , one of the youth who was part of the dharna said \"we will be on this andolan till the issue is resolved.\"He refuted media reports wherein some ruling party politicians have claimed that all of the job seekers were from Sattari. \"Not all of us are from Sattari,\" Gaonkar said.He disclosed that of the nearly 700 youth affected, many were from Pernem, Siolim, Usgao, Valpoi and Poriem.The youth also felt the CM was repeatedly changing his statements on the issue, having earlier said those given letters before December 22 would be unaffected.\"The chief minister told us he is aware of the cabinet meeting, financial and administrative approval that the earlier government had granted. But he said he wants to start the recruitments afresh,\" said Gaonkar. The youth were also angered that Parrikar's personal security officer had assaulted one of the youth on Wednesday.They sought to warn the government that \"the same youth that brought the BJP to power can cause its downfall.\"Reacting to Parrikar's decision the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) vigilance inquiry into the entire pre-election recruitment process the youth welcomed the same and said the same will help the CM to know what is right and wrong on the issue.The youth have decided to continue with their andolan outside the CM's residence, but will do so day-after due to tomorrow's Bharat bandh against the petrol price hike. He said all affected youth from various departments such as health, electricity, mines among other would now be part of the dharna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680941", "title": "After 4 years, counselling for PG medical courses begin", "text": "CHENNAI: The directorate of medical education conducted counselling for postgraduate medical and dental seats for self-financing colleges affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University on Wednesday after nearly four years, following directions of the Madras high court.Thirty-eight post-graduate dental seats from six colleges and 33 post-graduate medical seats from two colleges were included in the seat matrix. The last date for counselling and admission to PG courses is May 31. \"We will send the names to the colleges and university tomorrow,\" a senior official in the selection committee said.The Medical and Dental Council of India mandates colleges to surrender 50% of PG seats to the government for admission through merit. Counselling for PG seats was not conducted in the state in the last four years as colleges refused to surrender seats.Students say some colleges have still not surrendered their PG seats and those that did haven't given the entire 50%. \"Every college reserves 15% under the NRI quota. They should have deducted this 15% from their share of 50%. Instead, they gave the government 50% of seats after deducting the NRI quota,\" said a dental student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679709", "title": "3 builders arrested in urban land ceiling scam", "text": "PUNE: The state criminal investigation department on Wednesday night arrested three builders in connection with the urban land ceiling (ULC) certificate scam.CID inspector Shrikant Kshirsagar said that Harish Pralhad Arora (60) of Koregaon Park, Aslam Abdulla Haji (54) of Wanowrie and Moiz Mansur Poonawala (33) of Gultekdi had purchased the plot of Murlidhar Murkute at Wadgaon Budruck on Sinhagad Road and in 2003 had decided to develop the property. Investigations have revealed that they had applied for building permission with the Pune Municipal Corporation on the basis of a forged ULC order.The suspects will be produced before a magisterial court for seeking police custody, Kshirsagar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13681472", "title": "Villagers protest as youth dies in road accident", "text": "TRICHY: A 19-year-old youth was killed in a tragic accident after a bus rammed against his two-wheeler. The incident took place near Aavur Intersection Road in Trichy on Wednesday morning, in which the youth suffered severe injuries and died on the spot.S Sakthivel, a resident of Mathur Thennam Pillai village had gone to Anna Nagar on a bike, which he had borrowed from his neighbour. While he was returning home, he collided with a bus coming from the opposite direction when he tried to overtake a lorry. The bike got entangled in the bus and was pulled along in the direction of the bus for a few feet. Sakthivel sustained injuries and died on the spot. In the meantime, the bike caught fire due to the friction and the fire engulfed the vehicle completely.The incident took place in front of several people waiting at the bus stop. The villagers staged a road blockade and blamed the authorities for non-maintenance of the road. The angry villagers also demanded the government to take serious measures to widen the road on a war-footing and put up speed-breakers to avoid frequent accidents. Due to the protest, traffic on the stretch came to a standstill for more than one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13678971", "title": "Cop dupes trader with 'glowing stone'", "text": "KOLKATA: It was like Paresh Babu getting the philosopher's stone in Satyajit Ray's 'Parash Pathar'. When a police constable sold a \"wonder stone with antique value\" to a saree trader in Burrabazar, which glowed in the dark, the poor youth lapped it up. Hoping to earn double by selling it, he coughed up nearly Rs 3 lakh in installments to the head constable as part of the price. A few weeks down the line however, the stone stopped glowing. On closer inspection, the victim then found micro-bulbs fitted inside the stone that didn't catch his attention during the deal. The youth has now lodged a complaint with the police against the constable.Nepali Sonkar, 28, of Jorabagan has alleged that he was duped by Kolkata Police constable Pranab Dutta who is posted at the Medical College Hospital outpost. The victim's family is now neck-deep in debt as Sonkar had invested the family's savings and also taken a huge loan to buy the 'wonder stone'.It all started about two years ago. Sonkar, the sole bread winner of the family, used to buy sarees directly from the karigars and supply it to shops in Burrabazar. He had a chance meeting with Pranab Dutta who was then posted with the Posta police station. When Sonkar got into trouble with a fellow saree supplier, Dutta mediated and later befriended Sonkar.\"In mid-2010, Pranab Dutta approached me with the white stone that weighed about 4 kg. The stone glowed bright when kept in the dark. He said it belonged to someone known to him who was in dire need of cash and was ready to sell it for Rs 5 lakh. I thought it could fetch me more than double the amount if I sold it,\" recalled Sonkar.Such a lucrative offer was too much to resist for Sonkar on whom the responsibility of the family fell after the death of his vegetable seller father. He has to get two sisters married off, take care of an ailing mother and an elder brother who needs medical attention. To buy the stone, Sonkar sold off the family's gold jewellery, collected all his savings and also borrowed heavy amounts from relatives.\"I had paid Rs 2.80 lakh in six installments. There was no reason for me to doubt a man in uniform. So I did not think it necessary to ask for money receipts. But all the installments were paid in presence of some witness or the other,\" said Sonkar.The ray of light for getting his sisters married and treatment for his brother started dimming soon after. Even as Sonkar was busy collecting the rest of the cash, the stone stopped glowing after about two months. On realizing that he was duped, Sonkar asked Dutta to return his money.\"The constable told me that he would refund me the amount at Rs 500 per month. This amount would not even cover the interest I had to shell out on my borrowings. Thereafter I approached senior police officials including Tenzing Bhutia, who was then the officer-in-charge of Posta police station. I was told not to lodge a formal complaint as that would ruin Dutta's career. But they assured me that they would make Dutta pay me back,\" claimed Sonkar.Dutta was, however, soon transferred out of Posta. The youth who used to earn Rs 10,000 per month as a saree trader now sells vegetables on Kalakar Street to fend for the family.\"When this youth narrated his plight to me, I thought of helping him with the police complaint as he cannot write,\" said Devendra Pandey of Crusaders Against Corruption, an NGO.The formal complaint was lodged on May 20 at the Posta police station as well as Lalbazar police headquarters. Two days later, Sonkar was allegedly threatened by two men who identified themselves as \"men from Lalbazar\" to withdraw the complaint against Dutta. Sonkar lodged a complaint against this, too, on May 23.Tenzing Bhutia, who has now been promoted to the post of assistant commissioner of police (Behala division), admitted that he knew about the incident. Tenzing, however, rubbished Sonkar's charges that he had been dissuaded from filing the written complaint against Dutta. Instead, Sonkar had reportedly asked an officer of the police station to threaten the head constable to pay him back.\"I can recollect the case where this youth had approached me. In fact, I had insisted that he lodge a written complaint, only after which an enquiry could be started. But he declined for reasons known to him. I soon left the police station on routine transfer. Had he lodged a complaint, whoever the officer-in-charge had joined after me would have surely carried on with the enquiry,\" Bhutia told TOI.A senior official at Lalbazar confirmed the receipt of the complaint and said the deputy commissioner of the concerned division will take up the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678979", "title": "Bharat Bhai bail plea rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Fourth Additional Metropolitan Magistrate sessions judge at Nampally criminal courts rejected the bail petition of Mecca Masjid blast case accused Bharat Mohanlal Rateshwar alias Bharat Bhai on Wednesday.In November 2011, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) arrested Bharat Bhai while he was in Jaipur jail as the Rajasthan Anti-Terrorist Squad had already arrested him in the Ajmer Dargah blast case. He had agreed in June 2010 to become a prosecution witness for Rajasthan ATS in Ajmer Dargah bombing case but went out of police radar after the arrest of Swami Aseemanand in November 2010.Earlier, counsel for the accused advocate Rajavardhan Reddy urged the court to grant bail to Bharat Bhai. The NIA counsel opposed it contending that the two prime accused in the May 18, 2007 Mecca Masjid blast case- Sandeep Dange and Ramchandra Kalsangra were yet to be arrested and the release of Bharat Bhai might hamper investigation.The sessions judge who heard the arguments of the two parties rejected the bail petition on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13679964", "title": "26-year-old financial analyst jumps to death", "text": "GURGAON: A 26-year-old financial analyst with an IT company ended his life by jumping off the seventh floor of his office in Park Centra on Wednesday. Friends said that he had been depressed the past one and a half months.Anant Dhanania, a native of Kolkata, started work with Analec Infotech three months ago and had been absent from work for the past one week. \"Anant's colleagues said that he was taking an extra day off each week in the past month and a half without disclosing his problem,\" police said.\"We were stunned when we got news about his suicide. He had been talking regularly with us for the past three days. He even promised his sister that he would join us for Diwali,\" said his father, Hari Dhanania .On Wednesday, he had gone to work and around noon he went to the terrace and jumped. Doctors could not save Anant, who had died within a few minutes of hitting the ground. Soon, the Sector 40 police team reached the spot and took the body in custody. Anant used to live with in a rented house with his friends in Sector 31. \"He seemed to be under a lot of stress for the past few months but refused to say anything,\" said Saurabh, Bhupendra and Asheesh, his roommates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678673", "title": "Transformers, buildings too close for comfort", "text": "HYDERABAD: Transformers planted on footpaths are posing a threat to both pedestrians and residents of buildings which stand adjacent to them.The major fire mishap at a commercial building on SP Road on Sunday was caused by a blast in a transformer installed next to the structure, claimed both fire officials and eyewitnesses. However, Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) officials denied that the transformer blast had sparked the blaze.On an average, about 1,000 transformers either explode or fail in a month leading to power disruptions in the city. Officials at CPDCL admit that most transformers are located perilously close to buildings without any care having been taken to maintain a minimum distance. The ones on footpath have been put there due to a lack of open space.Fire department and CPDCL officials thus blame the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) for granting NOCs to buildings without taking into account location of transformers.Fire services officials said that as per the hazard area stipulation in the Petroleum Act, transformers should be at least nine metres away from a building. In reality, however, the gap is sometimes not even a metre between the building and a transformer. Also, fire officials claim that oil-based transformers are not suitable for thickly-populated areas and instead suggest dry transformers which are a safer option.CPDCL officials blame GHMC for not considering their clearance certificate while sanctioning permissions for building construction, especially of high-rises and commercial complexes. As per the Indian Electricity Act, all buildings should maintain a 2.5 metre vertical clearance and 1.5 metre horizontal clearance from 11 kilovolt (kV) lines. However, most buildings are built in violation of these safety norms.Greater Hyderabad has around one lakh transformers and about 21,000 of these are in the Hyderabad Metro zone. Most transformers are of 100kVA and 160kVA. While a 100 kVA electric transformer costs about Rs 1 lakh, the 160 kVA ones come at Rs 1.5 lakh. The latest dry transformers cost three times the price of a normal (oil) transformers. \"Transformers fail mainly due to overload, link fault and de-electric strength. During summer, more transformers fail; but they are replaced in no time,\" CPDCL director (Greater Hyderabad) K Venkata Narayana said.Officials said transformer failure could be prevented by taking a daily load test, but confessed that that was not being done at the circle-level. \"Generally, problems occur in transformers at public places. Transformers located in apartments and complexes do not give much trouble as they handle stable loads and get proper maintenance,\" CPDCL chief general manager (Metro Zone) AG Satish Kumar said.Kumar said that many of the transformers were located on footpaths due to a lack of space. \"The corporation has to provide open space apart from paying shifting charges of about Rs 35,000 per transformer. We have issues with the GHMC and they are being resolved in a phased manner,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678857", "title": "State not to take chopper on rent or lease, to buy new one", "text": "RANCHI: Taking lesson from the helicopter crash in which chief minister Arjun Munda , his wife Meera and four others had a miraculous escape, the state civil aviation department has decided not to take any chopper on rent or lease for VIP movement.Instead, the government has initiated the process for purchasing a modern double-engine helicopter that will ensure safety to the passengers.The chopper carrying the chief minister, his wife, BJP legislator Badkunwar Gagrai and chief security officer of chief minister Manoj Singh crashed on the run way of the Birsa Munda Airport on May 9. The pilot and co-pilot suffered serious injuries in the crash as the chopper, which was more than 15-year-old, had developed technical snag and the landing system had failed.State civil aviation secretary K K Khandelwal said the department was concerned about the safety of the VIPs and was not in a mood to take helicopter on rent or lease unless it is very urgent. \"We have initiated the process for purchasing an advance helicopter that will meet the requirements for movement of the VIPs,\" said Khandelwal.Sources in the civil aviation department said the helicopter was taken on lease as the chief minister had to frequently fly and the state did not have its own chopper.\"Most of the time it was used by the chief minister. Since he has been advised to take rest for at least a couple of months, the department has ample time and will try to complete the paper work for purchasing a new chopper,\" said the source.Funds will not be a constraint to buy a new chopper. \"The department has to make budgetary provision for it. I don't think that fund will be a constraint,\" state finance secretary Sukhdev Singh said.A civil aviation expert, however, said purchase of a helicopter was not the end of all worries as its maintenance was a major problem. A VIP chopper cost around Rs 50 crore and if the state goes for a higher version, it will cost not less than Rs 60 crore. \"If the chopper in not maintained properly, buying a new one will not be of much help in terms of safety,\" the expert added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "yamunanagar/ambala/ kurukshetra", "code": "13681175", "title": "Power cuts hit Yamunanagar, Ambala industries", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR/AMBALA/ KURUKSHETRA: Courtesy, the unscheduled and unannounced cuts in addition to the regular ones, more than 5,000 medium and small scale industries are forced to bear the brunt of production loss, in addition to facing the heat of expenses incurred by them in day-to-day running of their units.So is the case of residents as well as farmers of the three district districts who are sweating it out on account of longer power cuts varying between 4 to 9 hours during the day.There are around 2,000 industrial units of metal industry in Yamunanagar, 1,600 units of scientific goods and around 1,500 units in Saha and rural belts of the districts. Contrary to the official records of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, which claims a 16 hours power supply, industrialists as well as residents dare authorities to prove as if it was more then 6 hours in practical on any given day.While worst is the condition of export-oriented units (EOU), which are functioning on back up arrangements of generators forcing them to have a cost of Rs 10 to 15 per unit for electricity consumption.\" In scientific industry of Ambala, where around 1,500 units deal in the business, coast of production has increased many fold, as we are mostly dependent on generators. Many units are meeting order demands by purchasing readymade goods from other places. On an average expense in routine in minimum 1,000 for small unit, if we just open office and sit without manufacturing by using generators. This may not long last,\"said Arvind Aggarwal, secretary scientific manufacturers associationEndorsed this, Devender Gupta, secretary, Aluminium Manufacturing units Association, Yamunanagar. Gupta minced no words in elaborating upon the plight of industrialists, especially at the time when they have been billed for the electricity which they have not consumed even during the power cuts.As of now, the industry has seen a downfall of 10% in daily production. I think most of the units are spending an amount somewhere between Rs 1,000 to 4,000 to ensure production of goods to meet pending as well as export orders. In fact, businessmen as well as industrialists would never resort to the measures adopted by others to press their demands. The only think we shall request is that the government as well as distribution company must reciprocate to the honest bill payments made by us,'' said Gupta.On the other hand, normal life is also hit due to crisis. In Ambala, Yamunangar and Kurukshetra people are facing lot of problems. In Kurukshetra, residents jammed the road in Sahabad on Tuesday due to the crisis. In rural areas of the region there is scheduled power cut of 14 hours. People are crying for water supply in rural areas too.Lakhs of farmers of the region require regular water supply for sowing of sugarcane crop. But they do not get even five hours regular supply, which farmers feel may damage the saplings. Ambala, Kurukshetra and Yamunanagar belts are also known as sugarcane belts.The irony is that farmers get only two hours regular supply. Thereafter, it continues after an hour break. In such circumstances, the crop that get water in two hours become useless in one hour break. But the government is not ready to understand it.\", said Vijay Mehta, secretary, BKUSuperintendent Engineer(SE), UHBVN. Yamunanagar, OK Sharma said, \" Schedule is fixed for power supply but situation comes when unscheduled cuts occur. We cannot discriminate with other sectors by giving extra supply to industry. So, there is no option except adjustment.\"SE, UHBVN, Ambala, SK Sharma said, \" I cannot say anything regarding cuts as I am supposed to follow the order that is sent from the higher authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13678129", "title": "Barred wolf snake rescued in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A barred wolf snake (lycodon striatus) was rescued from the city on Tuesday by volunteers of a non-governmental organization (NGO). The snake's finding close to the city has surprised environmentalists as no incident of such kind has been reported in the recent past. Around one feet black snake with white stripes created panic among residents of Dindoli area of the city. The locals informed Prayas, an NGO working for environment, to rescue the snake. \"The snake has been rescued and released in forest area by the volunteers,\" Darshan Desai of Prayas said.\"It is a rare species found in the region as there is no incident reported of recovery of the snake in the region. It is a very significant recovery for nature and wildlife researchers ,\" Desai added. These barred wolf snakes are non-poisonous and generally it comes out for food during night hours. Due to its small and thin size, it can easily move on trees and smaller places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13680198", "title": "Eligibility for Handique College fixed at 50%", "text": "GUWAHATI: Handique Girls' College has fixed the eligibility criteria for this year's admissions for the three-year degree courses (TDC) at 50 per cent, putting the onus on the merit system rather than the credit system.The college generally sees about a thousand applicants to the courses in the degree level every year. The process and talks to set the admission dates have begun as the dates are yet to be announced.It has been decided that the total number of seats for majors in arts and humanities subjects should be fixed at 450 and 150 for the general category. However, the final decision is still pending and the total number of seats has been a cumulative figure compared to last year's pattern. Similarly for the science stream, till now the total number of seats for majors has been fixed at 190 and 120 for the general category, which may be changed later.\"The pattern is expected to be the same as last years; though nothing can be said till the final decision is taken. The numbers that we have fixed now may be changed later. But one important aspect is that we will be introducing microbiology from this year, which is a plus point not only for the students but also for the college as well,\" said Santana Kakoti , co-convener of the admission department and head of department of Home Science .\"There may be a slight change in the admission pattern and the numbers may differ but not that much. Last year, we had introduced psychology, which has become very popular,\" said Tapan Thakuria, co-convener of the admission department, Handique Girls' College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683802", "title": "Milla Jovovich releases new single 'Electric Sky'", "text": "Milla Jovovich , who had earlier switched from modelling to acting, is all set for another career changing mov e.The 36-year-old is hoping to make it big as a singer.Having been writing and recording music since 1988, and more recently releasing free demo tracks on her website, Jovovich performed her latest single 'Electric Sky' - which was released on May 18 - live at this year's Life Ball in Vienna, the Telegraph reported.The song will be included on her upcoming EP, which is scheduled for release in September, while a video to accompany the song is currently in production.Jovovich released her first critically acclaimed album entitled, 'The Divine Comedy ', when she was just 19 years old and has since recorded numerous tracks for films she has starred in.Multi-talented Milla describes her music as \"New Order-meets-Daft Punk-meets-Joni Mitchell-meets-Yo Gabba Gabba\" on her official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13678904", "title": "Ajsu blocks train to BSL plant on relief demand", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of displaced persons under the banner of the All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party stopped three goods trains meant for carrying mineral to the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) on Wednesday.The agitators stopped a goods train which was carrying coal to the BSL plant from Dhori mines, while two others were on way to Jamadoba and Dumetra for loading coal and iron ore respectively for the plant.The trains remained stranded for several hours at Haisabathu in Balidih and Ispat Nagar Station at Baidmara in Harla. However, no passenger trains have been affected as the Ajsu Party workers targeted the trains transporting raw materials or goods to the BSL, said B N Mandal, area railway manager, Bokaro.The agitation was led by Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak of the Ajsu and Ajay Singh demanding jobs and other benefits for displaced people of the area. The blockade was lifted after BSL general manager B K Thakur, Chas SDO Sanjay Singh, DSP (headquarters) P N Singh held talks with the agitators. The senior officials were forced by the agitators to sit on railway tracks for the talk.Around 9am, the demonstrators descended on the railway tracks holding banners, waving placards and party flags and forced goods trains to stop which were passing through the route. Rajak and Singh also sat on the tracks and refused to call off the agitation turning down the repeated pleas of the railway officers.Satish Kumar , the driver of the goods train carrying coal to the BSL plant, said as he reached near Haisabathu he saw hundreds of people sitting on tracks about 100 meters before the signal. As he came closer, the agitators started raising slogans and ran on the tracks towards the train. Fearing that they may get hit he stopped the train.Rajak said they had launched agitation as the BSL had neglected their demands. \"We have asked the BSL to provide reservation to displaced persons in Grade IV jobs, increase compensation to land losers, return surplus land which were not used by the BSL, perform peripheral development of surrounding areas,\" he added.The MLA said the blockade was lifted on condition that the BSL and the administration had promised to hold talks on June 13. \"If even after that our demands are not fulfilled, we will intensify our agitation,\" said Rajak.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said blockade had not affected the plant work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13679084", "title": "Private firm staff duped of dollars", "text": "PATNA: Sanjiv Kumar, 25, employee of a private firm , who wanted to exchange his dollars with Indian currency, was on Wednesday afternoon duped by a person at a posh hotel located near Gandhi Maidan.According to police sources, Sanjiv met a person at the hotel. They met at the cafeteria of the hotel where Sanjiv handed over his 5500 dollars to the man, who left a bag with him and said that he would be back in a few minutes. But when he didn't return, Sanjiv made anxious inquiries, only to realize that he had been duped. When he opened the bag, he found only nine dollars and five bundles of fake Indian currency. An FIR was lodged against the unidentified person with the Gandhi Maidan police station in this connection.Vendor killed: A vendor, identified as Ranjit Prasad, 40, was killed under the Ram Krishna Nagar police station area on Tuesday night for asking for money from two persons who had purchased fried gram from him. The local police arrested two persons, Kamlesh Prasad (50) and Sudhir Kumar (35), in this connection and produced them before a Patna court on Wednesday. Police said Kamlesh was an SAP jawan posted at Muzaffarpur and speedy trial would be conducted against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13685664", "title": "Why should women look like men: Vidya Balan", "text": "Vidya Balan defends her curves in her new Maharashtrian item song in Ferrari Ki Sawari.Vidya Balan has made fat look fabulous in The Dirty Picture and ever since there's no looking back for the pretty woman. Vidya has donned a nine yard Maharashtrian sari for her Marathi item song in Ferrari Ki Sawari which is being talked about a lot lately. Few have loved the song, singing and dance, rest have showed concern over Vidya's excess weight.The actress unabashedly dismissed the weight issue saying, \"A woman needs to be curvy! If a woman sheds all her weight and the curves she would end up looking like a man! Why should women look like men? I have failed to understand this. I don't find that attractive at all.\"Vidya added, \"The nine yard sari is draped in such a way that it enhances the curves. I find that very beautiful. I love the lavni as well.\" The actress is also keen on doing Marathi films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13679043", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party's Panchayat Samiti member resigns", "text": "NAGPUR: Naxal threat is likely to have prompted an incumbent Panchayat Samiti member of Etapalli in south Gadchiroli to resign on Wednesday.The Naxals, who are all set to hold a protest week early in June over the deployment of the army in Chhattisgarh , have been targeting elected representatives of local civic bodies and threatening them to vacate their posts. Several local politicians and elected representatives have been kidnapped and killed by the Naxals in the last couple of months.Sapna Kodape, a member of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), had chaired the samiti for two consecutive terms and also held the post of the deputy chairperson for some time. Kodape was elected to the present post in the civic body in the election held in February earlier this year.Two more of Kodape's co-members in the samiti are also expected to vacate their posts shortly. Kodape had cited family life, growing children and their education apart from distance of her constituency from home for resigning. The buzz is that it was the Naxal threat that prompted the move.Kodape had earlier made her intention clear about the decision to vacate her post. She had been deferring the move citing personal reasons and ill-health of a family member.Also at Etapalli, the Naxals had earlier eliminated senior NCP leader Kewal Atkamwar in March this year. In the backdrop of the murder, two Zilla Parishad members had submitted their resignations. The resignations of the panchayat samiti members were pending which has now begun with Kodape.The rebels did not even spare the government officials from civic administration at Bhamragarh where they had abducted the tehsildar SG Kawadgade who has now applied for voluntary retirement. Though he has made the application on health grounds, Kawadgade doing so under Naxal threat cannot be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679781", "title": "Cop externed on bootlegger's complaint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is perhaps for the first time that superintendent of police (SP) has been 'externed' from his district on basis of a complaint by a bootlegger. Otherwise, externment is a common punishment for bootleggers and other history-sheeters in dry Gujarat.In connection with the charges of custodial torture and then alleged pressure on complainant to withdraw his petition, the Gujarat high court directed the state government to shift Jamnagar SP Subhash Trivedi with immediate effect.Accordingly, the state home department on Tuesday asked him to go on leave for a brief period of time and ordered him not to enter Jamnagar district in the meantime. Government pleader Prakash Jani apprised Justice Anant Dave about this development during the proceeding on Wednesday. He also said that the IPS officer would be transferred after some time, but till then he has been asked not to remain in Jamnagar and his charge has been given to his sub-ordinate deputy superintendent of police G R Gadhvi.IPS officer Trivedi and two of his sub-ordinates PI A P Jadeja and PSI G N Waghela have been accused of brutally beating a bootlegger Vishal Singala in police custody. Singala complained before a magistrate in this regard, but no action was taken against cops and inquiry remained pending. Singala moved the HC, which issued strict directions in this case and asked Singala to file an FIR against the IPS officer.However, instead of lodging a complaint, Singala sought to withdraw his petition. The HC sensed something wrong and has hinted at possible CBI probe into the affair. Justice Dave said till the cops are holding posts in Jamnagar, impartial inquiry into the incident is not possible and asked the government to shift the cops.Meanwhile, assistant solicitor general Pankaj Champaneri, who represents the Centre, showed some of the judgments passed by the Supreme Court and provisions regarding how and under what circumstances an IPS officer can be either suspended or removed from the post.After hearing the case, Justice Dave has kept his order reserved till Friday.Trivedi shot sub-ordinate during mock-drill in SuratOn February 24, 2010, during a mock-drill on Surat airport, Subhash Trivedi, who was then posted as DCP in Surat, twice shot at Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) inspector Shabbir Saiyed from his service revolver. Saiyed was enacting the role of a terrorist, while Trivedi was heading the rescue team during the drill. Saiyed was badly injured and immediately rushed to hospital. His life was saved, and the cop is now posted in Ahmedabad now. Trivedi claimed that he was unaware of the fact that his revolver was loaded.Serial blasts cracked, prize not distributed yetAfter the serial blasts took place on July 26, 2008, the government announced reward of Rs 51 lakh to agency that cracked the case. Within 20 days after the terror strike that killed 57 persons, arrests were made, but four years after that the prize money has not been distributed.While the city Crime Branch claims to have cracked the case, the Bharuch police under stewardship of DSP Subhash Trivedi also claimed to have made first of arrests in Sajid Mansuri. Both the agencies also have not felt it proper to lay claim to the prize for the Uttar Pradesh police also nabbed another accused Abu Bashar at the same time. Though senior cops have been making representations to authorities recommending the Crime Branch under the guidance of Trivedi's batch mate Abhay Chudasama as rightful contender, the issue has not been sorted out yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13680061", "title": "Former ultras demand arrest of All Bodoland Minority Student Union leaders", "text": "Kokrajhar: Former Bodo rebels on Wednesday organized a rally here in protest against Tuesday's violence during the Kokrajhar district bandh called by the All Bodoland Minority Student Union (ABMSU) in which 13 people, including policemen and a scribe, were injured.The former rebels accused the ABMSU leaders of trying to fuel communal tension and submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner demanding immediate arrest of ABMSU leaders to promote peace and tranquility in the BTC region.The Ex-BLT Welfare Society , the Surrendered NDFB Welfare Association (SNDFBWA) and the NDFB ceasefire group condemned the violent incident during the bandh.The former militants also demanded compensation for grievously injured persons and the vehicles damaged by the mob.Ex-BLT chairman Janamohan Muchahary said the unwanted situation arose due to the bandh called by ABMSU.The memorandum said that in a meeting chaired by the Kokrajhar deputy commissioner on March 19, for the protection of government forest land, wildlife, biodiversity and stopping felling of tress, the forest department officials explained the need for a joint effort. Various political parties and NGOs agreed to join hands to save forest and biodiversity, prevent encroachment and illegal felling of trees.It alleged that ABMSU called the bandh on the false propaganda of demolition of a signboard regarding construction of a mosque on a plot of encroached forest land.Meanwhile, Kokrajhar DC Donald Gilfellan said, \"Since the plot of land belonged to the forest department, no one can claim the land as per forest Act and Supreme Court verdict.\" He added that no community has the right to set up temple, mosque or church in the forest land and it is up to the forest department for which purpose they want to use the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "zirakpur", "code": "13680919", "title": "Woman falls to death", "text": "ZIRAKPUR: In a tragic incident a 55-year-old woman took a fall from the balcony of her house in Zirakpur and died. The low railing of the balcony, which was around 2.5 feet, was of little use in preventing the accident.The incident took place around 4pm. The woman, Darshan Attri, slipped from the balcony while she was collecting clothes left for drying on a string there. She lost her balance and fell down from the fifth floor of the Nirmal Chayya Apartments in Zirakpur.At the time of the incident, the victim's husband was out of town but other members, who were in the flat were inconsolable. It was only when they did not find Darshan that they looked down, only to see her lying in a pool of blood.After the incident residents of the society expressed strong resentment over the height of the building's balcony railings. Residents complained that they had asked the builder many times to raise the height to avoid any untoward incident but nothing was done.The family was waiting for Darshan's husband, Rajpal Attri to come following which they would give a complaint to the police pointing out that Darshan died because of the low height of the balcony railing.President of the Nirmal Chayya Tower Resident Welfare Association Bhimsen Garg said that the possession of the flats in the tower was started in April last year and ever since they had been complaining to the builder about the low height of the balcony railings but nothing was done to rectify the situation.SHO of Ziarkapur Tarlochan Singh, while ruling out any foul play said the accident happened because of the low height of the railing. He said they have sent body for post-mortem and no case has been registered till now.Both Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) and Zirakpur MC officials had no idea about the norm pertaining to the minimum height of balcony railings.Executive officer of the Zirakpur MC Parvinder Singh said that he is not aware about norms about the height of balconies in flats but it should ideally be up to the waist of adults. He added, \"I will surely look into the matter on Thursday.\"On the other hand, district town planner (DTP), GMADA, Pankaj Bawa said that there are no norms about the height of the balcony though there are norms for the balcony's width. \"These apartments come under the preview of the local government but they too wouldn't have fixed minimum height for railings,\" he said.Manjeet Brar, additional chief administrator, GMADA too expressed ignorance about the norms saying it was the town planning department that looks into such issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680918", "title": "NPCL fails to comply with guidelines: PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCL), which should request the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) for consent to operate its Kudankulam nuclear facility at least 60 days before the trial production, has not yet complied with the requirement, a PIL has informed the Madras high court.The PIL, filed by the Chennai-based Fisherman Care, submitted that while issuing consent for the Kudankulam project in February 2004, the TNPCB had laid down several conditions, including one which required the NPCL to request TNPCB for consent 60 days ahead of the trial production. A vacation bench comprising Justice K Venkataraman and Justice C S Karnan on Wednesday posted the matter to June for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679134", "title": "Step-brothers held for man\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Langar Houz police arrested two persons in connection with an auto driver's murder case that occurred at Retibowli on May 23. The arrested persons are step-brothers of the victim.Police arrested Shaik Feroz, an auto driver, and his brother Shaik Afroz , a salesman from Hassan Nagar in Rajendranagar .On May 23 at around 10.30 am, the duo murdered their step-brother Mohammed Taher Khan in Retibowli by slitting his throat and fled from the spot. Police said that the father of the culprit has four wives. \"There has been long-standing rivalry between the siblings about various family issues and the murder was a result of that,\" Langar Houz inspector Ratnam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13678812", "title": "FIR against MLA, 25 others for cop attack", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Keredari police registered an FIR against 25 persons and named Congress MLA of Barkagaon Yogendra Sao as the main accused in the Keredari police attack incident on May 28.The police escort party was deployed at Keredari for deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan who had gone there to attend a function. The attack was a ripple effect after a local MLA and other political leaders were lathicharged by the police for demanding a shift in venue for public hearing on environment clearance.Sao said he was surprised to find his name in the FIR since he was not present at Keredari on that day. He said this was a conspiracy of the administration to malign his name and he will take up the issue with the chief minister as well as the Union home minister.Sourav Narayan Singh, the Congress MLA from Hazaribag, also criticized the district administration for implicating Sao in the case. Describing this action as wrong he said that it appears that Hazaribag police are bent upon harassing Sao which is condemnable. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13680684", "title": "State police complaints authority disapproves police action against social activist", "text": "MARGAO: The state police complaints authority (SPCA) at Panaji has expressed disapproval over the detention of social activist Anthony D'Silva while holding a peaceful demonstration on garbage issue during the Indepenance day function in 2010, in Margao. D'Silva had filed the complaint against Santosh Desai , the then police inspector of Margao police station.In his complaint before the SPCA, D'Silva alleged that he was wrongfully detained by the police for staging a demonstration to highlight the issues of garbage during the Independence day celebration in Margao in 2010. The complainant had stated that he had gone for the Independence day celebrations to be held in front of the South Goa collectorate building.Chairman of the SPCA, retired Justice Eurico Santana da Silva , stated, \"The SPCA hopes that such regretful trend of uncontrolled pressure and subordination of the police by the political class comes to an early end so that the police of the state become people friendly.\"Police took action against D'Silva when he was sitting on the cement benches, outside the municipal garden, in Margao, wearing a boiler suit with plastic bottles around his neck, a thermocol cap on his head, a rubber tyre on his side carrying social messages and the national flag in his hand, D'Silva stated. He alleged that he was forcibly made to quit the place and his banners were torn. When he refused to vacate his seat, the policemen took him to the police station and he was detained for about three hours and later released at the intervention of some NGOs.Referring to the incident, SPCA also observed that they were also not impressed with the respondent's contention that the petitioner could be suddenly raising slogans and shouts of protests which could disturb the function. Even assuming such perception of the respondent, the SPCA does not see such an eventuality could have even happened keeping in mind the social background of the petitioner and his apparently quiet, composed and low profile nature.SPCA also stated that it failed to appreciate the respondent's 'clearly uncalled for move' of displacing the petitioner from there on Independence day. While addressing mediapersons on Monday, D'Silva said that he was happy that his stand was finally vindicated by the order passed by the SPCA but made a fervent appeal for a parallel SPCA in South Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680562", "title": "Chief minister puts Vishwajit Rane in the dock", "text": "PANAJI: The government has initiated an inquiry by the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) in the allotment of government jobs in the heath department during the assembly elections. The ACB will investigate the role of then health minister Vishwajit Rane , bureaucrats and beneficiaries.Speaking to media persons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The vigilance inquiry into the bogus appointment letters issued in the health department will start today (Wednesday).\"Parrikar said that the government will investigate the role of the then health minister, health director and all others involved.The government initiated the inquiry after around 500 job-seekers confronted the chief minister on Tuesday over the cancellation of government jobs after they were selected by the previous Congress government. \"Yesterday's (Tuesday) incident has forced me to investigate,\" said Parrikar.Parrikar said the ACB will investigate every aspect, including how the appointment orders were sent on December 28, 2011, and how 194 of the 292 job appointees hail from a particular area. \"This shows there is manipulation in appointments. Let the ACB decide who should be held responsible for irregularities and manipulation,\" he said.Parrikar also pointed out that those who met him on Tuesday did not possess any documents nor did they present a memorandum. \"I asked them to provide documents, but nobody was willing to show them to me; and in such circumstances the government will not be able to help them,\" he said. \"If any body feels that they have been cheated, then they can file a complaint and I will start a criminal investigation,\" he said.The chief minister also alleged that the appointment letters were used to gain votes. \"These appointment letters were used for bribing the voters,\" he said.Parrikar also said that \"everybody has a democratic right to sit outside the CM's official residence on a hunger strike, but if they take the law into their own hands, then I will not keep quiet\".\"I have directed my staff to serve tea and biscuits to all those assembled outside my official residence. But if they want to sit on a hunger strike, they will be provided a place to squat, but I won't allow them to block traffic,\" the chief minister said.While stating that the government is ready to listen to grievances and also willing to provide relief to those who have suffered injustices, Parrikar said, \"But while saying so, no one should take the government for granted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13678591", "title": "Mopidevi blames YSR for his woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: All his actions in according sanctions for the Vanpic project had the prior approval of Y S Rajasekhara Reddy , claimed former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana while seeking bail.Mopidevi was on Wednesday remanded in judicial custody till June 7 and sent to Chanchalguda Jail after the six-day CBI custody ended. Mopidevi was arrested by the CBI in the Jagan assets case on the charge that he was instrumental in giving several irregular clearances for the Vanpic project while he was infrastructure, investments and ports minister in the YSR regime in 2008-09. Mopidevi's bail petition was posted for hearing on Thursday.Moving the bail application, the former minister said he 'acted with the belief that all the transactions in the issue were bona fide and were backed by the prior approval of both YSR, the then chief minister, and also the then council of ministers'. Mopidevi said he was falsely implicated in the case by the CBI. He approved the key components of the project on March 11, 2008, and this was seen as a violation. \"Look at that approval. It is self explanatory because by the time I cleared it, it was already approved by the then CM\", Mopidevi said in his plea.Mopidevi seeks bail on health grounds\"Even the CBI's remand report filed against me says that the draft concession agreement was placed along with the cabinet memorandum and the council of ministers also approved it,\" the former minister said.As a matter of fact, the draft concession agreement and the draft memorandum was circulated to the then CM through the chief secretary before it was placed before the cabinet and received approval.Again the draft memorandum prepared for circulation among the council of ministers was routed through the chief secretary. This shows that the rules relating to the circulation of files were duly followed,\" Mopidevi said. He also cited health reasons for seeking bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13678937", "title": "Engineers, doctors among those attending Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh camp", "text": "NAGPUR: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh headquartered in the city is often viewed with suspicion and labelled as a communal organization. But among those attending the annual camp for the third-year training course currently underway at Reshimbagh grounds are doctors, engineers, lawyers, teachers and students from every nook and corner of the country.The camp inaugurated on May 14 will conclude on June 11. For the first time, after an age bar of 40 was fixed for participants, the number of trainees has crossed 1,000 mark, according to Jayantibhai Bhedasia and Jaswant Khatri who are conducting the camp this year. The total number of participants this time is 1013. They include 5 qualified doctors, 12 engineers, 10 lawyers, 192 teachers, 224 employees, 119 self-employed, 90 farmers, 7 journalists, one chartered accountant and 213 students. From Jammu and Kashmir , north-eastern states, south India virtually every part of India is represented at the camp.Khatri told reporters that the camp activities start at 4am and end at 10pm when the trainees retire for the day. The trainees and committed Sangh activists have paid a fixed camp fee and bear their own expenses to attend it. Besides physical fitness exercises, they are imparted ideological and social work training. Former RSS chief Sudarshan and general secretary Bhaiyyaji Joshi have already addressed the trainees. A visit to the house where Sangh founder Dr Keshav Hedgewar lived and the Mohitewada shakha at Mahal, the first unit of the RSS, are part of the camp activity.The valedictory function on June 11 evening will be marked by special address by RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat . Director of 'Punjab Kesri' Ashwin Kumar will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13679932", "title": "Koraput sevashrams script a success story", "text": "KORAPUT: After years of dismal show in the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) examination, the Plus II results declared on Wednesday brought cheer to tribal students of the state-run Ekalavya Model Residential School (EMRS) and the Kumbhariput sevashram (residential school) in Koraput district.EMRS and the Kumbhariput sevashram, which are managed by the Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA), are the only two residential schools in the district having intermediate courses in Koraput. While EMRS have only science stream, the Kumbhariput have courses in science and commerce.For the first time, the ITDA department recorded a pass percentage of 78 at the EMRS and 95.6 and 88.9 at the Khumbariput sevashrams in science and commerce respectively. Out of the 55 students who appeared from EMRS, as many as eight students passed the examination in first division, 24 in second division and 11 students cleared the examination in third division.Notwithstanding the state government's claims of improving education in the tribal dominated district of Odisha, the CHSE results were never encouraging in this tribal-dominated district. Last year, the intermediate science result at EMRS was only 50 per cent with one student clearing the examination with first division.\"This year we had taken few steps like streamlining the school management and providing utmost care for education of the students. While contractual academic staffs were appointed, few guest lecturers were also invited to take classes. In this academic season, we will try to achieve cent per cent result,\" said principal of EMRS Rohit Kumar Bhadra .At Kumbhariput sevashram, located in the Maoist-hit Narayanpatna block, where the pass percentage had never crossed even 50 per cent in last few years, this year at least 43 students out of 45 cleared the examination with one first division. While eight students got second division, at least 34 students passed the examination in third division. Similarly, in commerce stream out of 36 appeared, at least 32 students cleared the examination with one first division and 10 and 21 in second and third division respectively.\"This year the results are very encouraging. All necessary steps were taken to ensure that the academic activities of the schools are not hampered. Some reforms for the sevashrams are in the pipeline and we hope more good results in the CHSE examination from the tribal schools in the years to come,\" said ITDA project administrator (Koraput) Tuku Barik .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679598", "title": "Bill Gates stays away from media glare", "text": "LUCKNOW: The buzz around his visit notwithstanding, Bill Gates chose to stay away from media glare during his visit to the city. The UP-wallahs, however, rolled out the red carpet for the \"visionary business leader''. After a late evening arrival at a city hotel on Tuesday, Gates was getting ready to hit the roads on Wednesday morning when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav showed his tech-savvy face -- on Facebook. The UP chief minister sent out a warm welcome to the 'great philanthropist', adding he was looking forward to a lasting and mutually meaningful partnership with Gates Foundation and Microsoft Inc. \"There was hectic activity in the Gates' camp as well. For nearly four days before his arrival, foundation officials burnt the midnight oil, working, sources said, in and out of 10 rooms and a banquet hall in the hotel, going over details of Gates' plans. Laying emphasis on keeping his visit as low profile as possible, the foundation officials even ensured his Tuesday night arrival went unnoticed.Gates stayed in a room that was not booked in his name and, on Wednesday morning, left unnoticed even by the hotel staff. The businessman-turned-philanthropist also appears to have resisted Lucknow's specialty cuisines -- no food and beverage services were booked for Gates 'officially'. Later, following his meeting with the chief minister, Gates also declined the watermelon juice and sandwiches offered to him at Akhilesh's official residence. Wednesday, though, was packed with more than special luncheons and exchanging pleasantries. Visiting India, and Lucknow in particular, to take stock of ongoing projects of the foundation and planning the future course of action, Gates started the day early. Apart from visiting an urban slum in Gomtinagar, apparently in relation to activities undertaken by the Gates Foundation, he also met with local civil society representatives that have partnered with the foundation for implementing some of the foundation works.Finally, Gates met Akhilesh at the chief minister's official bungalow around 1.30 pm, where the meeting between senior ministers and top government bureaucrats was conducted smothly. With a promise to \"deepen the Foundation's relationship with the chief minister and continuing its work in UP''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13682931", "title": "Arjun Kapoor to play Salman's angry younger brother?", "text": "Be it the mischievous Prem with an unexplained attachment to a pigeon or the younger brother Prem, who decides to give up his girl for his elder sibling, Salman Khan has essayed the role of the quintessential Rajshri hero with elan.Also, the name Prem, though donned by Hrithik Roshan in Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon and Shahid Kapoor in Vivaah , has always remained synonymous to Salman. And now that he is all set to resurrect his famous onscreen avtar, in Rajshri's upcoming project Bade Bhaiya , TOI learnt that the makers have decided to get him a younger screen brother - Arjun Kapoor.A source close to the production house told , \"Sooraj Barjatya has finished the script. He wrote it keeping Salman in mind. They now need a young actor to play the parallel lead in the film. After watching Ishaqzaade, Soorajji was impressed with Arjun's performance. He arranged a meeting with Arjun and offered him the role.\"The film will be a family drama. Coming from the Rajshri stable that is however, not surprising. What is interesting is that Salman, who has thus far played the younger sibling in Rajshri projects, will for the first time essay the role of the elder brother. \"The story is about two brothers. The younger one is a rebel. The film will show how the elder brother mentors him and turns him into a well-behaved man,\" revealed the source.Incidentally, in real life too, Salman has been kind of a mentor to Arjun. In an interview, Arjun had once said, \"Salman is my elder brother. He had told me that I was cut out for acting. But I was really obese (140 kg), and couldn't imagine myself as an actor. Salman literally took me under his wings... He believed in me and that's why I am here today.\" And now, he may get to be his younger brother in reel life too.However, when contacted, Mr Gupta, the General Manager of Rajshri Productions maintained, \"Sooraj ji is still writing the script of the film. He hasn't reached the casting stage yet.\"Reportedly, the film may release on Eid next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13678512", "title": "Smoke-free panchayat", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Alappuzha Medical College is set to make Muhamma grama panchayat as 'Smoke-Free Grama Panchayat' in the state.The college will initiate the 'Smoke-Free Grama Panchayat' project on Thursday coinciding with 'World No Tobacco Day'.The project is being implemented by the college in association with the Muhamma grama panchayat. It will be executed in ward 15 and 16 of the grama panchayat in the first phase of the project.Associate professor of the college Dr Sairu Philip, who spearheads this project in the panchayat said in the country, there are only five medical colleges, which were selected for executing Project Quit Tobacco India (QTI) being funded by Fogarty International Centre and US National Institute of Health . It is the only government medical college in the state that implements this QTI project.\"Muhamma grama panchayat in 2008 had started many programmes against smoking. So we selected this grama panchayat for making it as 'Smoke-Free Grama Panchayat' in the state under the Project QTI. \"Many villagers especially youth quit smoking after Muhamma grama panchayat executed the programmes against smoking. The panchayat and college will on Thursday honour the people who quit smoking in the village and will share their experience with the new generation of the panchayat,\" she said. A public function will be held in this connection at Kallappuram at 2.30 pm on Thursday.Soni S, junior health instructor of the grama panchayat said that they have started a survey in the grama panchayat on Monday with the help of the medical college for identifying the number of smokers in the grama panchayat.\"After that survey, we will make a list of smokers and special health programmes will be executed. We will set up a team consisting of the medical college doctors, MBBS and nursing students, members of youth clubs, Kudumbashree and Asha workers and ward members for the smooth and effective execution of this project,\" he said.\"Within four years, we will make Muhamma grama panchayat as Smoke-Free Grama Panchayat in the state,'' Sairu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13684455", "title": "Madras high court refuses to interfere in petrol price hike", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday refused to interfere with the recent increase of petrol prices, and also observed that the last week's crippling petrol and diesel shortage in Tamil Nadu had been overcome due to state government's efforts.A vacation bench of the court comprising Justice K Venkataraman and Justice C S Karnan passed the order on Thursday, while dismissing a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by advocate R Balasubramanian belonging to the legal wing of the ruling All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK) party.In his PIL, Balasubramanian submitted that the steep hike in petrol prices was not entirely due to international trends nor due to independent pricing policy of oil marketing companies as was being made out by the centre. The price hike and the 'artificial shortage' of petrol and diesel in Tamil Nadu for six days were mainly due to the mismanagement and maladministration of petroleum products by the centre, he said.Noting that the common man would be burdened further with increase in prices of essential commodities and vegetables, he wanted the court to direct the centre to rollback the prices and ensure adequate and regular supply of petrol and diesel for Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679831", "title": "'It had always been my dream to be a fighter pilot'", "text": "PUNE: For academy cadet captain G Dayakar Reddy, it had always been a dream to be a fighter pilot in the Indian Air Force. And he gave everything it took to realize the dream.Reddy, who bagged the President's gold medal for standing first in the overall order of merit of the 122nd course at the National Defence Academy (NDA), is now set to join the Air Force Officers Academy at Hyderabad from July 7.Son of a pharmacist from Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh , Reddy had no one in the family to look to for inspiration in his pursuit of a career in the armed forces. His first association with a regimented life came when he joined the Sainik School at Korukunda in Vizianagaram.\"I always wanted to be a fighter pilot and I am looking forward to my training at the finishing academy,\" said Reddy. He belongs to the 'Oscar' squadron, which has bagged the champion squadron banner at the NDA for the third successive year.Battalion cadet captain Sashbind Singh Pal, who stood second in the overall order of merit to bag the President's silver medal, comes from a family with a military background. \"My father, Subhedar S M Singh, is posted at the Ordnance Depot at Talegaon near Pune,\" he said.Pal, who hails from Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh, did his schooling at the Military School in Belgaon, Karnataka prior to joining the NDA. He belongs to the 'Echo' squadron of the academy.\"I was not so good in studies but I was good at sports ,\" he said. \"Right from childhood I wanted to have a career in the armed forces. \"I want to join the infantry.\"Battalion cadet adjutant J S Aswal also belongs to a family with a military background. \"My father, Rajinder Singh Aswal, is a subedar in the army. He inspired me and wanted me to become an officer in the armed forces,\" said Aswal.\"It's an altogether different feeling to be part of the NDA and I am eagerly looking forward to my training at the officers academy,\" said Aswal, who hails from Garwhal in Uttarakhand region. \"I got to learn a lot of things during my life at the NDA,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13678888", "title": "Maoist sympathizer arrested with detonators and money", "text": "GARHWA: Chinia Police of Garhwa district have arrested a Maoist sympathizer, Janeshwar Yadav, and recovered Rs 8.78 lakh from his possession which was collected from tendu leaf contractors.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said on Wednesday that police also recovered 10 detonators and a good number of Naxal ite literature from him.The SP said police were informed that a number of Maoists were indulging in levy collection from tendu leaf contractors. Acting on the tip-off, a police team conducted raids in the area and nabbed Janeshwar Yadav .In an another incident Garhwa police have arrested two members of an inter-state gang of bike lifters along with seven stolen bikes from Unchari Locality of Garhwa town on Tuesday night, the SP said here on Wednesday. While five bikes were recovered from Neeraj Paswan, a resident of Dhurki, Two bikes were recovered from Sahbaz Khan of Unchari locality of the town.The SP said, an inter-state gang has been active in bike theft. The gang comprises nine members. Though a few of them have been lodged in jail, but rest are still out of the police net. So far 18 stolen bikes have been recovered from the gang. The gang has been active in Sonbhadra (U.P) and Balrampur (Chhattisgarh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13679002", "title": "This summer, travel freak Kolkatans get adventurous too", "text": "KOLKATA: Known for their wanderlust, Kolkatans are travelling like never before to exotic locations and off-beat destinations this summer. While destinations in the US, Far East and Europe continue to be in demand, holidays in East Europe and South America are becoming increasingly popular.\"Travellers from the city are opting for off-beat destinations. There is a growing demand for newer and obscure places,\" said Anil Punjabi, eastern region chairman of the Travel Agents' Federation of India.South Africa , Capri, Montreal, Russia, Scandinavia, Greece, Peru, Macau, Spain, Turkey, Israel, Seychelles, Honduras, Guatamala, Fiji, Jordan, Madagaskar, Machu Picchu and Scotra Island-Yemen are some of the hot destinations this summer.Veteran traveller Rajib Sengupta, an IT professional, has been to several conventional overseas holiday destinations over the years. But this summer, he will explore the mystical land of Laos for the first time with his friends. Like many residents in the city who travel abroad frequently, this time around, he and his friends wanted to explore an exotic destination. In the 'Summer Holiday Travel Survey' conducted by TripAdvisor, the city, along with Hyderabad and Chennai, emerged as one of the top three cities whose travellers were opting to holiday in off-beat destinations.Interestingly, the survey also revealed that Kolkata strides ahead as the city most willing to go on mystery trips in the country. The big surprise is that 65% of travellers in the age group of 65 and more were game for a mystery holiday. It's outre and bizarre, but travellers seem to be enjoying every moment of it.As 63-year-old Ashwin Puroshottam puts it: \"Mystery holidays are fun and interesting. I have retired, my children are settled and I have nothing to do all day. So my friends and I go on such holidays. But there is also a flip side which makes it all the more appealing as you don't know what is in store for you.\" But Punjabi feels that elderly people should decide against embarking on mystery holidays. \"One must keep the age and other factors in mind. Though the trend is fast catching up, a holiday where nothing goes as planned is not advised for elderly people,\" he said.The findings also showed that Kolkata has the highest percentage of travellers looking to travel to international destinations this season. Take the case of businessman Ramesh Tiwari and his family who love travelling. \"We have been to Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Austria, Egypt and Mauritius. But I don't like to go on conducted tours where you are bound by a schedule, hence we plan our holidays ourselves,\" he said. This time he is visiting Monaco in France.But families like Ramesh's are few and far between, with most opting for tour packages. Those in the business feel that people are keen on exploring experiential holidays, such as ones with adventures, eco-tours and wildlife visits. Fishing expeditions and deep-sea diving are especially becoming extremely popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13680229", "title": "E-cigs equally harmful: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: A year after electronic or e-cigarettes came to India, doctors and anti-tobacco activists want it stubbed out. If not, they say, the government should acknowledge that e-cigarettes are almost as bad as the original cancer stick.On the eve of World No Tobacco Day , doctors from Tata Memorial Hospital in Parel and health NGOs have written to the Union government, seeking regulations to control the sale and distribution of e-cigarettes. The American FDA had issued a warning in July 2009 against the use electronic cigarettes. Canada and the UK have banned it. But in countries such as India and China, e-cigarettes can be easily bought from kiosks or at the click of the electronic mouse-just order online and pay cash on delivery.There are no figures available on their sales, but e-cigarettes are growing in popularity. Recently, actor Sonam Kapoor tweeted about the merits of e-cigarettes over the usual ones. Her Tweet read, \"Smoking is seriously not good! There are electric cigs available now. A lot of my friends are using it.\" In Hollywood , too, actors such as Leonardo di Caprio and Dennis Quaid endorse e-cigarettes.To dispel the notion that e-cigarettes are healthy, doctors like Rajan Badwe, director of Tata Memorial Cancer Centre, have written to the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India chairperson K Chandramouli. Seeking prohibition on sale of e-cigarettes, the protest letter has asked the government to \"please draft a policy to govern advertising, storage, sale and marketing of e-cigarette''.India has been at the forefront of anti-tobacco regulations and it was among the first countries to sign the global Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in 2005-06. \"E-cigarettes are just a mechanism to deliver nicotine in an attractive format. One is only creating a customer for nicotine,'' said Dr Badwe. Professor Pankaj Chaturvedi, who operates on patients with oral cancer-mainly caused by abuse of tobacco-said, \"People should not get lured into puffing e-cigs because they, too, are harmful.''While the concept of e-cigarettes has been around for four decades, they made their commercial debut only in 2004. They entered India a year ago.Tobacco has got two ingredients-the addictive nicotine and cancer-causing chemicals such as nitrosamines, hydrocarbons, etc. As e-cigarettes only contain purified nicotine and no cancer-causing chemicals, they were believed to be the safer alternative.But doctors disagree. Dr P C Gupta, from NGO Healis Institute of Public Health, said nicotine is a poisonous substance and should not be ever taken. Dr Badwe added that nicotine is a drug and should only be given as a medical prescription.In the US, the FDA tested 19 cartridges from two e-cigarette brands and found that \"all but one cartridge marked as having no nicotine actually contained it''. Instead of allowing e-cigarettes to be freely available, experts want it to be treated on a par with other tobacco products and have the same regulations applied to it. India banned smoking in public places in %October 2008. Through an amendment last year, the Food Safety Standard Act of India 2006 section 2.3.4 prohibits addition of nicotine to any food substance. As gutka has been classified as a food product, it was recently banned in Madhya Pradesh and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13678237", "title": "Organisers clip Eagles' wings", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL) was landed in serious trouble when three of the seven teams threatened to pull out from the tournament on Wednesday.The owners of Sensational Skylarks, Gorgeous Gannets and Fiery Falcons joined together and sent a mail to the organizing committee mentioning their displeasure towards the unruly behavior of the owners of the Inspiring Eagles. They wanted to debar the Eagles team from the MBL for abusing the umpires and rival players during the Tuesday night's league match between Skylarks and Eagles.The match between Eagles and Skylarks was won by the former 3-2 amid high drama and tension. When the score was 2-2 and deciding game of the last rubber - mixed doubles - was going on, owners and some of the players of Eagles charged down from their respective positions towards the umpire and started abusing her. With tension running high, the match was stopped for 20 minutes.At that time Skylarks pair, Sameer Bhagwat and Noopur Sahasrabuddhe, were leading 18-16 but when play resumed they lost the match and tie.\"We were all set win our last match. But fearing the defeat, owners of Eagles, Dhaval Shah and Siddhartha Mayur and some players entered the playing arena and started shouting loudly and used foul language against umpires and our players. When the match resumed, our players had lost the concentration and lost the match narrowly,\" Skylarks owner Keder Vanjape told TOI on Wednesday.With three teams threatening to pull out, the organizers called for an emergency meeting in the afternoon to find a solution.The behavior of the owners of the Eagles cost them dearly as the organizing committee not only deducted a point from their tally but also asked them to pay a fine of Rs 5,000.\"We have received a joint mail from three owners. We also got an apology letter from Eagles. After the meeting, we came to a conclusion that the point which the Eagles had won against Skylarks is of no use now. We have scrapped that point and also penalized them. We have also warned the Eagles team that if they commit similar mistake again they will be thrown out of the tournament with immediate effect,\" said organizing secretary Uday Sane .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13678776", "title": "Mukhiyas told to surrender job funds", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu administration on Tuesday asked mukhiyas of 117 of the 283 panchayats here to surrender the unspent funds under the MGNREGA to their block offices.The mukhiyas have been assured that no action will be taken against them for keeping the unused money. Section 30 of the MGNREG Act stipulates action for not spending the funds in time.On Wednesday, a public hearing was held in Daltonganj which was chaired by deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal.She said if a mukhiya failed in the MGNREG scheme in his panchayat, it was the DC's failure.She said the 117 mukhiyas could not have the liberty to hold the MGNREG schemes to ransom by first not spending the funds in their panchayats and secondly by not surrendering them to the block offices.Return the unspent fund at the earliest,\" she told the mukhiyas.Asked what would be done once these 117 mukhiyas return the unspent MGNREG funds, she said the money would go to those panchayats in Palamu where there were no funds for the schemes. These panchayats will get then a fresh lease of funds.\"There are scores of panchayats where the fund position is either zero or very dismal. The surrendered funds will be sent to such pachayats to keep the MGNREG schemes running there,\" she said.The administration, she said, is avoiding taking any harsh measure against the 117 mukhiyas for doing nothing and keeping the funds unspent and so they have been given a chance to mend their ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680710", "title": "U-turn after threat: DMK to stay in UPA", "text": "CHENNAI: Within hours of threatening to pull out of the coalition government at the Centre if it failed to roll back the petrol price hike, DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Wednesday retracted saying, he had never held out any such drastic threat.Karunanidhi's rhetoric while leading state-wide protests against the Centre over the petrol price issue was apparently aimed at distancing himself from the Manmohan Singh government.However, he made it clear that with the presidential election round the corner, the DMK would not do anything to rock the UPA government .\"Rather, we will remain in the alliance with all the bitterness,\" he said alluding to DMK's opposition to any anti-people policies and decisions. He said the Prime Minister had assured the DMK that he would look into the petrol price hike issue.Blaming the media for misquoting him, Karunanidhi told news reporters that what he meant was that the DMK had not hesitated to pull out of the ministry in the past when the Union government failed to address public issues. He said, \"What I said is that we have walked out in the past. I did not say we will walk out now from the central government. It is a media mischief.\"Asked whether his party would quit if there was no rollback, Karunanidhi said, \"I can't say at present as to what we will do if the hike is not rolled back. If we pull out, then there will be a crisis at the Centre and communal forces will seize the opportunity. We don't want to create such a situation,\" he said adding, \"I am hearing the Prime Minister wants to work for the welfare of the people and that he is thinking about the trouble the common man is facing.\"Earlier in the day, addressing a DMK gathering organized to protest against the Centre for petrol price hike and the state government for the increase in prices of milk, bus fares and electricity tariff, Karunanidhi had warned the Manmohan Singh government that the DMK might be forced to pull out of it if \"anti-people policies\" continued. Leading the protest in Chennai, Karunanidhi said: \"We have been in coalition in the past with the BJP and VP Singh (Janata Dal). Though we were part of the central government, DMK did not hesitate to stop anti-people measures. It's in that spirit we are holding this agitation. We will sail with the Centre as long as possible. In the past, we used to request first, and then raised our objections strongly. If there was no response, then we were left with no option but to uphold our pro-people principles and policies.\"Cadres were heard shouting \"come out of Congress alliance.\" He made a pause for a few seconds till the crowd became quiet, before resuming his speech. He continued and saying, \"The Centre should not give room to drive us to that extent.\" This is for the first time after a year since the DMK tasted defeat in the assembly elections last year that Karunanidhi participated in a protest. He had strongly condemned the Centre's stand on the Mullaperiyar dam issue a few months ago. Karunanidhi also recalled the reported remarks of Union defence minister A K Antony against petrol price. He said even if the Prime Minister had not taken the views of alliance partners like him or the opposition, he could not afford to ignore the voice of his Cabinet colleague.Karunanidhi said the state government should protect people from the burden of central taxes by reducing the VAT. He observed that both the Centre and the Tamil Nadu government had raised prices of essential commodities. \"Which government is going to rollback the price hike first? Who is going to win people's heart first by hearing their issues?\" he asked. \"Here is a competition, both the governments should come forward to help people,\" he commented in a sarcastic vein and said if the people's voices are not heard, time will come for the people to give back. \"If our demands were not heard by the Centre and the state government, then they have to face many protests,\" he warned.DMK senior T R Baalu met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during the day and expressed his displeasure at the petrol hike. The Prime Minister reportedly told Baalu that he was looking into the matter and promised action. DMK now strongly believes that the prices would be reduced soon.A host of DMK leaders including K Anbazhagan, MK Stalin and former ministers participated in the state-wide protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13684720", "title": "Pak tests nuclear-capable Hatf-VIII cruise missile", "text": "ISLAMABAD: For the second time in a week, Pakistan today successfully test fired another nuclear- capable Hatf-VIII cruise missile with a range of more than 350 km, the latest in a series of tests of missiles that can hit targets within India.The military described the flight test of the air-launched Hatf-VIII or Ra'ad cruise missile as successful.\"The Ra'ad missile, with a range of over 350 km, enables Pakistan to achieve strategic standoff capability on land and at sea,\" a military statement said.The Ra'ad missile has stealth capabilities and is a \"low-altitude, terrain hugging missile with high manoeuvrability\".The test comes just days after Pakistan test fired its quick reaction tactical nuclear-capable Hatf-IX missile with a range of 60 km on May 29. The Hatf-IX is virtually a battlefield missile designed to hit massed armour.The Ra'ad can deliver \"nuclear and conventional warheads with pinpoint accuracy\", the statement said.The military said today's launch had also tested a new automated command and control system.\"A major additional feature of today's test was the effective employment of the National Command Authority's fully automated Strategic Command and Control Support System,\" the statement said.This system has \"enabled robust command and control capability of all strategic assets with round the clock situational awareness in a digitized network-centric environment to decision makers at the National Command Centre\". The system has the \"added capability of real time remote monitoring of missile flight path\", the statement added.The military contended that the cruise technology used in the Hatf-VIII is \"extremely complex and has been developed by only a few countries\".The launch was commended by the President, Prime Minister, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, who congratulated scientists and engineers on their achievement.The Hatf-VIII was the fourth missile tested by Pakistan since last month.On April 25, Pakistan tested an improved version of the nuclear-capable Hatf-IV intermediate range ballistic missile with the range of 1,000 km.The launch came just six days after India tested the Agni-V missile with a range of 5,000 km.On May 10, Pakistan conducted a test of the nuclear- capable Hatf-III ballistic missile with a range of 290 km.The launch was conducted at the conclusion of the annual field training exercise of the Army Strategic Force Command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685432", "title": "New Telecom policy approved: Roaming charges to go, one-nation-one-number cleared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government today cleared National Telecom Policy 2012 that aims to abolish roaming charges thus allowing mobile phone subscribers to use same number across country without having to pay extra charges.\"Target is one nation full mobile number portability and work towards one nation free roaming,\" Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal told reporters after the Cabinet gave approval to NTP. The Department of Telecom (DoT) will now start process to implement full mobile number portability allowing users to retain their existing number at the time of changing their service providers across any state in the country.However, consumers will have to wait for some time before roaming charges are abolished and one-number-one-nation concept implement as DoT will first work out modalities of the new scheme before it is brought into force. The NTP 2012 envisages increasing penetration of telecom services in rural area from current level of around 39 to 70 per cent by 2017 and 100 per cent by the year 2020.Under the new policy broadband speed has been increased to minimum of 2 megabit per second (mbps). This change will come into force with immediate effect. With the new policy getting approved, telecom licences have been delinked from spectrum which was earlier bundled with the licences. The NTP 2012 will allow operators to provide services based on any technology by using airwaves and will not restrict them to use it for particular service using any specific frequency band. At present, there are frequencies which are specifically used for providing GSM or CDMA services as per the permit given to the companies.NTP 2012 replaces 13-year-old New Telecom Policy 1999 and \"seeks to provide a predictable and stable policy regime for a period of about 10 years,\" Sibal said. The cabinet has cleared the point that pertains to encouraging domestic manufacturing of telecom equipment.\"Making India a global hub for manufacturing. Till the time we will not set up industry here...India will not be able to become become global. It is very important because along with this prices of device will also come down,\" he said. The major details of the manufacturing telecom equipments are part of National Policy of Electronics which Sibal send is expected to be approved within a month.\"Electronics manufacturing policy is hopefully going to be decided this month.. it will go to cabinet soon,\" he said. The Cabinet has approved NTP 2012 with five changes related to revenue generation objective, Spectrum Act and TRAI Act. The government has deleted Spectrum Act which was proposed in the policy.\"Spectrum Act has been deleted as a policy matter we don't intend to have a spectrum act any more,\" Sibal said. In the point which aimed at giving more power to TRAI, Cabinet has added that policy making function would remain with government and the regulator will not make policy. \"We just want to add that policy making function would, however, continue to remain with government, means TRAI will not make policy,\" Sibal said.The cabinet also substituted the point which mentioned \"direct revenue generation\" as secondary objective of new policy with \"availability of affordable and effective communication for the citizens is at the core of the vision and goal of NTP 2012\" at two places. The government has also replaced a sentence related to spectrum allocation to migrate its users to different frequency bands to make way for services based on new technologies. Sibal said that any major changes in the policy in future will be brought to the cabinet for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13679735", "title": "Pune Cantonment Board member assaulted", "text": "PUNE: The Mundhwa police on Wednesday booked Venu Gopal Ashok Pillay (22) of Marimata slums for allegedly assaulting Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) member Santosh Kawade with a knife at his Ghorpadi office around 2 pm.Kawade said that he was about to leave the office when Pillay, who stays nearby, came and asked for some money. Kawade refused to give the money since Pillay was under the influence of alcohol. He asked Pillay to meet him in the evening.\"In a fit of anger, Pillay pulled out a knife from his pocket and assaulted me on my face and fled,\" Kawade said.Senior inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat told TOI that Kawade sustained minor injuries and that the police had booked Pillay under section 394 (voluntarily causing hurt while committing robbery) of the Indian Penal Code. The police are on the look out for Pillay, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681564", "title": "Protests against petrol price hike continue", "text": "KANPUR: The protest against petrol price hike continued in the city even on Wednesday. But this time the denizens chose a unique way to express their anger against the hike. Traders, under the banner of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, took out a procession with rickshaws carrying mobikes from Ghantaghar crossing to the Congress city head office at Tilak Hall.This was done to project that petrol has become so costly that it is difficult to afford and therefore, all two-wheelers should be loaded on hand-pulled rickshaws instead of driving on the roads.The traders pulled the rickshaws and raised anti-government slogans. They held Congress responsible for inflation as it is ruling the country and demanded an immediate roll-back in the petrol prices. They said that the government should not think of increasing the prices of LPG and diesel otherwise a bigger protest campaign would be launched.While proceeding towards the Congress city head office (Tilak Hall), the agitating traders held banners that read anti-government slogans. They also beat drums to attract the attention of the people. They said that the purpose of the protest was to add more and more people in the campaign. The agitating lot also held black flags in their hands.Another lot of traders burnt the effigy of the Petroleum Minister at the Ghantaghar. They were angry with the government that despite a number of protests across the country, the government was not ready to withdraw the hike in petrol prices.The BJP and the SP have called for a UP Bandh on Thursday. It will be on the same day that Bharat Bandh would be observed. The women members of BJP took out a procession holding placards and black flags from Shikshak Park to register protest against the petrol price hike. Several women activists asked the shopkeepers of Naveen Market to contribute in UP Bandh on May 31. The women members of BJP said 'Congress Ka Haath Mehgaai Ke Saath'.Madhu Mishra, one of the party members, said that whenever Congress came to power in the country, it brought inflation in its wake. Therefore, this time the petrol price hike would not be tolerated and all effort would be made to make Bharat and UP bandhs a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680822", "title": "Check this out! Flat-screen TVs in Shatabdi, express trains", "text": "CHENNAI: Get set to learn to cook an exotic dish or hear some interesting health care discourse the next time you travel on a few trains on the Chennai-Bangalore section or the Thiruvananthapuram-Guruvayur section.Such shows are being telecast on flat screen television sets on five trains - the Chennai-Bangalore-Chennai and the Chennai-Mysore-Chennai Shatabdi Express, the Lalbagh Express and the Thiruvananthapuram-Guruvayur-Thiruvananthapuram express - in the first phase of the new on-board entertainment programme.Soon, popular movies and television serials would be telecast directly via satellite on more trains. One of the first services to have this system was the Ahmedabad-Mumbai Shatabdi Express, say railway officials.However, the move has not gone down well with some early morning commuters. \"Who is interested in a flat screen television blaring about how to cook pasta at 6 in the morning when one wants to sleep,\" asked M Venkatakrishnan, who recently travelled on the Bangalore-Chennai Shatabdi express.It would be better if head phones were given to passengers instead of the televisions blaring and disturbing sleeping passengers, he said.Since last week, passengers travelling on the Chennai-Bangalore-Chennai Shatabdi trains have been viewing these programmes. Four flat screen monitors have been installed in all coaches.Soon, \"the on-board entertainment system will include films, music, a photo gallery, games, information about the various destination cities, routes and other features,\" said officials. A few months later, every seat will have its own TV console fitted with head phones for entertainment, they added.Informed sources said Shatabdi Express superfast trains connecting nearest metro cities and important tourist, pilgrimage and business centres are the among the first to get this facility.The three-year contract for the five trains has been awarded to Choice Vision, Trivandrum and its subsidiary Transvision Digital Media Private Limited, Chennai.Southern railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma confirmed the move and said that \"as of now only public awareness messages and a few other programmes are being telecast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680778", "title": "Clean up, conservancy firm told", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has directed conservancy agency Ramky Enviro to recruit 500 workers immediately to improve its garbage clearing operations.The directive comes after repeated complaints from residents of Kodambakkam, Teynampet and Adyar zones that the garbage was not properly cleared and street sweeping was not up to the mark.Ramky officials said the workers, who would be employed on a temporary basis, would be appointed in a week.\"We have already received a few applications. We are giving out pamphlets in slums, approaching people who had earlier wanted conservancy jobs, councillors who know people and also in the outskirts where we will find more labourers,\" said R M Rao, head of Ramky Enviro's Indian operations. They will be given either daily (205) or monthly (6,500) wages.\"We may get people who prefer the 205 scheme better as they will not have to contribute to ESS and insurance,\" said Rao.Ramky and corporation officials said they were sure the increased manpower will help them improve their quality of work. \"Any operation in the country faces problems during April and May as all workers go on vacations. Once these 500 workers come, we will be better placed,\" said Rao.However, residents are skeptical saying problems had crept up even before vacations began.\"In February, when corporation officials accompanied Ramky workers, the garbage was cleared properly. But once the civic officials stopped coming, Ramky workers would turn up only in the afternoon at 1pm,\" said Nancy Phillip, a resident of Nandanam. Nandanam is actually part of zone nine, one of Ramky's good zones.Rao said, \"We are fine in zone nine. Zones 10 and 13 are problematic\". Zone 10 has 16 wards including Kodambakkam, Choolaimedu, Virugambakkam and parts of Valsaravakkam and zone 13 has 16 wards from Adyar till Thiruvanmiyur.Corporation officials manning the 1913 complaint helpline say a majority of the complaints are from Kodambakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13679228", "title": "Shri Shivaji Education society's executive body elections to be held today", "text": "AMRAVATI: The election of the executive body of Shri Shivaji Education society (SSES) will be held on Thursday. Four panels, including panel of former state minister, are in the fray in Vidarbha's most prestigious poll.The eyes of the educationalist would be set on the election of SSES' executive body, recognized as Vidarbha's top and state's second best education institute. First agriculture minister of India, Dr Panjabrao alias Bhausaheb Deshmukh had established SSES with a view to bring poor and down trodden students in main stream and to provide them quality education. SSES has spread its wing in entire Maharashtra and has become the second largest education institute after Rayat Shikshan Sanstha in Satara.And with state minister in the fray, the election has become more interesting. Four panels, under the leadership of SSES president, advocate Arun Shelke, vice president Dilip Ingole, former state minister Harshwardhan Deshmukh and former secretary Dr Ashok Raut have pitted against each other and each panel will comprise of nine members. As per the list published by SSES, there were around 1,383 voters of the society of which some voters have passed-away while some are bedridden. New voter's registration has not been done in the society since many years. The voters of SSES are scattered all over the country. Interestingly almost all voters of SSES are above 65 year old. The interested candidates of the four panels started campaigning one month back.The election, this year, has grabbed the attention due to allegations levelled by the panels on each other. Another reason which created excitement about the election that former state minister Harshawardhan Deshmukh has jumped in to the fray and his political rival and former MLA of Morshi Nareshchandra Thakare has decided to support Deshmukh in the polls.President Shelke is trying to retain his power on SSES. During 2007 election panel of Shelke had defeated panel of then president Vasant Dhotre. Meanwhile vice president of SSES, Dilip Ingole had levelled allegation on Shelke for irregularities in Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Memorrial Medical College. Dilip Ingole is making all attempts possible to win the polls but this may be a little difficult to win the confidence of the voters as he was booked in gambling case.The election would be held on May 31 from eight polling booths in the premises of Rural Institute. On Wednesday interested candidates filled the nomination form and the final list of candidates would be declared at 7pm on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13679605", "title": "Gates Foundation, UP to sign MoU within 2 months", "text": "LUCKNOW: With a promise of initiating more development activities in UP, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, on Wednesday decided to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) within two months of Gates' visit. The objective will be to engage with the Gates Foundation to provide technical, managerial and programme design support in maternal, neonatal and child healthcare, vaccination and other health and agriculture-related programmes. UP government has promised to lend its support to the foundation's initiatives in accordance with sanctioned plans in order to achieve the shared objectives and to scale-up best practices.The decision was taken at a meeting between Gates and Akhilesh at CM bungalow on Wednesday afternoon. When contacted, the Gates Foundation said: \"Bill Gates had a productive meeting with CM Akhilesh Yadav. Gates congratulated the CM on his recent election and the two discussed a number of issues related to the Foundation's work in UP, including family planning, nutrition, vaccines, agriculture, and sanitation. The foundation looks forward to deepening its relationship with the CM.''Gates was also accompanied, among others, by Dr Gary Darmstadt, the director of the Foundation's Family Health Global Health Program, who spearheaded the Shivgarh project to bring down neonatal mortality in UP. Interacting with the Foundation Team, Akhilesh made a mention of the various philanthropic works undertaken by the Gates Foundation in different districts of the state. Making reference to health projects like Sure Start, Manthan and Urban Health Initiative, Akhilesh also shared with Gates the efforts being undertaken by his government to tackle the poor health indicators of mother, infant and child mortality rates, low levels of complete immunisation and malnutrition among children. The CM also discussed problems and challenges faced by the government - vector-borne diseases like TB, Japanese Encephalitis and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome in parts of the state.Seeking the Foundation's support for technical knowledge in tackling health related challenges, Akhilesh solicited new and innovative methods for affective behavior changes, delivery of services. The need for organisation and management of health systems, including supporting innovative information and communication technologies-based solutions like telemedicine. Akhilesh said UP needed more capacity-building initiatives among grassroots-level health workers rather than monetary support from the Foundation. He said it was time the Foundation considered a comprehensive and long-term programme to address the maternal and child health issues in the state in a holistic manner.Gates, on behalf of the Foundation, offered to develop innovative solutions and to provide catalytic, technical, managerial and advocacy support to the state government. He said the Foundation was keen to develop partnerships in priority areas like maternal and neonatal health, nutrition, child health, routine immunization coverage and introducing new life-saving vaccines. Gates also offered assistance in the field of agriculture and for developing financial services for the poor by expanding digital payment systems into poor and rural communities, and connecting those payments to enhanced savings, credit and insurance services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13685740", "title": "Samsung launches Galaxy SIII @ Rs 43,180", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung on Thursday launched Galaxy SIII, the company's flagship phone in India. The phone that is powered by the latest version of Android called Ice Cream Sandwich has an MRP of Rs 43,180. However market price is expected to be lower by a few thousands rupees.It comes in two colours. The white model will be available immediately. According to the company the pebble Blue version has been delayed. It will come to the market in a few weeks time.Samsung announced Galaxy SIII at a press event in London in early May. The phone has a 4.8-inch Super AMOLED screen with a resolution of 720P, 1GB RAM, 16/32GB storage with a slot for microSD card, 8MP camera with burst mode, zero shutter lag and backlit sensor, 2,100mAh battery, Wi-Fi, 3G and Bluetooth. The phone weighs 133 grams and has a thickness of 8.6mm.Galaxy S3 runs on Ice Cream Sandwich, the latest version of Android operating software. However, the default user interface of the OS is TouchWiz Nature UX, a custom skin prepared by Samsung.Samsung, which started selling Galaxy range of phones in 2010, has emerged as the biggest Android phone maker. In fact, helped by the sale of Galaxy Note and Galaxy S2, the firm recently became the largest phone vendor in the world, ending Nokia's 14-years reign at the top. According to IDC, a market research firm, Samsung shipped 93.8 million phones in Q1, 2012 compared to 82.7 million phones shipped by Nokia.In smartphone category, the firm ousted Apple from the top position. It shipped 42.2 million smartphones compared to Apple's 35.1 million iPhones. Apple, however, continues to be the world's biggest smartphone maker in terms of profit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13680395", "title": "Jaipur remains in grip of heatwave", "text": "JAIPUR: Pink City remained in the grip of an intense heatwave till late afternoon even as the mercury touched 44.2 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. As the city recorded its highest temperature of this season so far, Jaipurites faced the wrath of harsh summer and were forced to stay indoors.Even those who had to move out covered themselves from head to toe to prevent being hit by the hot winds. Some complained that air conditioners too seemed ineffective fight the heat.To add to the agony, the Met department predicts no change in the weather in the next few days. For Friday, the maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to be 44 degrees and 31 degrees Celsius respectively.Dholpur, however, remained the hottest district in the state with the temperature going up to 47.5 degrees. Churu and Sriganganagar sizzled at 47.2 and 47.4 degrees.In western Rajasthan, the temperature shot past 45 degrees. Jaisalmer recorded 45.4, Bikaner 46.3 and Barmer recorded 45 degrees Celsius. Other district too reeled under the heatwave conditions. Ajmer posted 43.2, Dabok 42, Jodhpur 43, Kota 45.7 and Chittorgarh 44.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13678696", "title": "RIMS docs go unpaid for 2 months", "text": "RANCHI: Life has become difficult for around 700 doctors of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS). Many of them have taken car and home loans but they do not have the money to pay the equated monthly instalments (EMIs). The creditors are harassing them for the money. The doctors have not been paid salary for the past two months.\"We are exclusively dependent on the salary we get from the hospital after 30 days of hard work. As we used to get regular salary, we did not think twice before taking the loans. Now the EMI collectors are after us,\" said a doctor who joined the hospital two years ago.Recently a group of doctors, under the banner of RIMS Doctors-Teachers' Association (RDTA), called upon RIMS director Tulsi Mahto to register their grievance. They even threatened the hospital management that they would stop working if they were not paid regularly.\"All the doctors are disappointed. We have been intimating the management about the issue for the past few weeks but to no avail,\" said Dr Prabhat Kumar, RDTA secretary. The move has come at a time when the number of patients at the RIMS has increased manifold because of rising temperature in the state. In normal times too, the hospital remains crowded as there is a shortage of doctors.Members of the RDTA had formally registered their grievance on May 21. It has been over a week but the fate of the doctors still looks uncertain. \"The senior doctors who are established in their profession can manage a month or two without salary but what about the junior doctors?\" asked senior doctor J K Mitra.Those suffering include 300 junior doctors, assistant professors, associate professors, professors and resident doctors. The doctors are dependent solely on salaries as they are not allowed to practise outside. All of them are without pay since April.S N Chaudhary, the RDTA president, said the RIMS administration was not considering the issue (salary of doctors) on a priority basis. The state government has allotted funds for salaries to the doctors. But still doctors are not getting the salary as the issue of non-practicing allowance (NPA) has come up. \"With the allotment of funds, a directive has come from the government that NPA is not to be given from this funds,\" said an RDTA member. NPA applies to all posts for doctors at RIMS and it is for the first time that NPA has been denied to the doctors.\"Rules (for the RIMS) of the state government are yet to be made and RIMS's own rules and regulations are also not specific. In such a scenario how can such a decision be taken,\" asked Chaudhary. RDTA members are planning to meet Jharkhand health minister Hemlal Murmu and principal secretary K Vidyasagar.The doctors are ready to settle the NPA issue later but demand immediate payment of salaries. \"The management should at least pay our salary,\" a doctor demanded.RIMS director Tulsi Mahto refused comment on the issue. \"The matter is under consideration and it will be sorted out on a priority basis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "neyyattinkara", "code": "13680231", "title": "V S Achuthanandan provides a potboiler", "text": "NEYYATTINKARA: The slogan-shouting crowd was all praise for VS. Young CPM workers vied with each other to be as near as possible to the 89-year old leader when he walked the few metres to the dais after disembarking from his car at each campaign venue. When he left, there was a mad rush to accompany him as far as they could.The whirlwind tour of Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan in the Neyyattinkara constituency once again proved that the veteran communist leader is the only politician in Kerala who can draw huge crowds irrespective of political situations. The campaign by VS has electrified LDF workers who flocked in hundreds to the nine campaign meetings held on Wednesday afternoon.The thrust of VS's speech at all the venues was the act of deceit committed by his former follower R Selvaraj. There was a strategic silence on the politics of murder, which has been rocking the party for the last few days. Instead of T P Chandrasekharan and M M Mani, VS referred to Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai and Veera Raghavan in his speeches, and exhorted the voters to imbibe their spirit while casting their votes.\"Now, Oommen Chandy , Ramesh Chennithala and A K Antony have come to you with a defector. You might be feeling sorry for voting for him last time,\" he told cheering supporters at Kamukincode, where the second campaign meeting was held on Wednesday. \"(If you elect him), in three months, I am sure, he will come back to you and say I changed sides once again. Please support me,\" he said in his trademark style, giving thrust to some words.In some meetings, VS took came down heavily on A K Antony. At Mullaravila, he said Antony had fled Kerala in 2004 following the election debacle. \"He will make appearance oft and on in Kerala, tell something and go back,\" said VS.Achuthanandan, however, avoided answering any of the political issues raised by Antony like the politics of murder. Instead he took on the UPA government , decrying the steep petrol price hike and the unavailability of kerosene in coastal areas. The VS campaign concluded with the meeting at Pazhayakada. LDF candidate F Lawrence was also present at all the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13678345", "title": "Meet to discuss seed distribution", "text": "HUBLI: Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said that a decision on distribution of Kanaka variety of cotton seeds will be taken following a meeting of farmers and traders, to be organized in Bangalore on May 23.Speaking to mediapersons at Shiggaon in Haveri district on Monday, the minister said the issue of bringing Kanaka seeds from other districts and distributing the packets to farmers in Haveri and Chamarajnagar districts will be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681218", "title": "No HC relief on petrol price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: No interim relief was granted by the HC on Wednesday during the hearing of a PIL challenging the hike in petrol prices even as the Central government sought time to file its reply.A vacation division bench of Justice R Y Ganoo and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by businessman Rajendra Phanse against the petrol price hike. He urged the court to the direct the government to roll back Rs 7.50 per litre increase and fix uniform rates on par with Rs 58.06 per litre in Port Blair.His advocate V P Patil argued that there was no uniformity of rates across the country. \"Petroleum is a Central subject and there can be no doubt that it (reduction of the petrol rate) can be done,\" he said.He added that an appeal filed in the SC against the dismissal of a PIL for fixation of prices of petroleum products had been dismissed on April 9 on the grounds that it (fixing of petrol price) is an executive's domain. Justice Ganoo said: \"No interim relief can be granted if you say the court cannot fix rates.''Patil said Phanse's petition is on a different footing as it seeks the appointment of a regulatory commission to ensure price uniformity.The advocate representing the Central government and Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas sought time to file its reply. A similar plea was made on behalf of HPCL and BPCL.The matter has been adjourned to June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13681124", "title": "Saffron alliance to flex muscles over petrol", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena-Republican Party of India alliance is set to flex its muscles for the Bharat bandh on Thursday. The National Democratic Alliance sponsored strike is to protest against the latest Rs 7.50 hike in petrol prices.Essential services such as milk, medical, fire brigade, water supply and newspapers have been exempted from the shutdown.\"The bandh will reflect the ire of lakhs of common citizens who are groaning under the increasing burden of the petrol price hike. The United Progressive Alliance-II will have to sit up and take notice of the bandh,'' senior Sena leader Subhash Desai said on Wednesday. \"The bandh is not a game of political one-upmanship . It is a warning to UPA-II to stop holding people to ransom,'' Desai added.The Yuva Sena has directed sainiks to spare the transport network in view of the examinations. Yuva Sena chief Aditya Thackeray has reportedly told party functionaries not to target autorickshaws , BEST buses and the railways in the larger interest of students. But Senacontrolled auto-rickshaw and taxi unions said that they will support the shutdown, while unions led by Sharad Rao will ignore the call.\"Sporadic incidents may affect transport,'' a Sena legislator said, adding, \"In the melee, it will be difficult to contain the crowd.''Sena-BJP legislators have been told to lead protests in their constituencies. Senior BJP leaders will fan out the state on Thursday.The bandh is likely to have a greater impact in Sena-BJP bastions such as the Lalbaug, Parel, Sewri and the Saat Rasta belt in south-central Mumbai, and Ghatkopar, Mulund , Bhandup, Borivli, Malad-Kandivli and Dahisar, Ghosalkar said.The Ramdas Athavle-led RPI will concentrate on Dalit pocket boroughs in southcentral Mumbai, and in the Chembur-Trombay-Ghatkopar belt on the eastern flank. The RPI has a toe-hold in Kandivli-Poinsur too.Though extending support to the bandh, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has instructed its followers not to actively participate in it. Political observers said that the Shiv Sena-MNS will not lock horns on Mumbai's streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13683298", "title": "Robert Pattinson worried about Cosmopolis role", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he was so worried about playing billionaire Wall street CEO Eric Packer in the movie 'Cosmopolis', that he locked himself for a fortnight in his hotel room.But, the 'Twilight' star was calmed down by the movie's director David Cronenberg who reassured him that his talent would bring out the best in his alter-ego.\"The preparation, I kind of spent two weeks in my hotel room worrying and confusing myself. I remember the weekend before we started shooting, I called David to talk to him about it, to ask him 'one question' like, 'Want to talk about the movie for a bit?\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling FlicksandBits.com.\"So then I went round to David's house and he said, 'It doesn't really matter. Let's just start, then something will happen.' I think Eric Packer's impossible to approach like you would a normal character,\" he said.The 26-year-old felt the film script was more like lyrics from a song, which he found \"easier\" to comprehend and as a result he didn't want to alter any of the words.\"What I liked about the script initially was its lyricism and just the rhythms of it. I mean, normally when you do a movie, you can kind of blur the lines and you can make it your own. But with this, I didn't want to change a single word, not even the punctuation,\" he said.\"That made it easier, it's like you're doing a song instead of a movie. It was interesting, it freed you up. If you're trying to do something in a cerebral way, it becomes about ego and it's silly at that point. Actors aren't supposed to be intelligent,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13681142", "title": "Bhagana dalits' dharna enters 10th day", "text": "HISAR: Dalit families from Bhagana village on Wednesday decided to intensify their stir as elected members of village panchayat failed to turn up for the meeting convened at the mini secretariat here. Meanwhile, amid heavy police deployment, dalit families raised anti-government and anti-administration slogans as their dharna entered the 10th day on Wednesday.Enquiries revealed that following intervention by administration officials, a 5-member committee of dalits had agreed to hold talks with elected members of village panchayat to sort out the issue.Virender Bagoria, who is leading the agitation, said, \"I do not understand why the nominated panchayat is not coming forward to hold talk with us. Though we have been rendered jobless after fleeing the village, this will not be a deterrent to agitation. We shall take this fight to its logical end.\"Dalit families of Bhagana village are camping in the mini secreteriat premises here since May 20 to press their demand for action against upper class families, who allegedly ostracized them. Dalits in the village had demanded allotment of 100 yards plots under the centrally sponsored scheme, which led to the current standoff.\"I know that many politicians are visiting us and assuring us proper action by the government. But we do not trust politicians, as they only come and give false assurances,\" said Bagoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13679010", "title": "IIIT admissions put off by 7 days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Admissions at the Andhra Pradesh IIITs or the Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies (RGUKT) have been postponed by a week.With the directorate of government examinations introducing grading for class X examinations, officials at the institute have decided to go for a fresh means of calculating ranks.In a media conference on Wednesday, RGUKT announced that the admissions which were supposed to begin this week are to be put on hold till SSC officials gave them enough data based on which they can shortlist candidates.\"We have not received any data from SSC officials. We will wait till they pass on the students' scores to us. With the grading system having been introduced, we need to device a new way to admit students based on merit,\" said N Vineeth Chandra, spokesperson, AP IIITs.A total of 3,000 seats are available in the IIITs. Till last year, students were admitted to these institutions on the basis of their Class X marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13680206", "title": "Cabinet defers decision on Kerala State Electricity Board restructuring", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state cabinet on Wednesday deferred decision on a proposal for restructuring and corporatizing the Kerala State Electricity Board as per the Central Electricity Act 2003.Addressing a post cabinet press conference here, chief minister Oommen Chandy said a final decision on this would be taken only after taking the employees of the board into confidence.The chief minister will hold discussions with trade union leaders on the issue. Later, the CM will discuss the matter with the finance minister and the power minister, and refer the proposal with changes, if any, to the cabinet for approval.Sources said Chandy was very particular about not taking a hasty decision on KSEB restructuring, even though power minister Aryadan Mohammed was keen on cabinet approval for the proposal in its current form. The state government had earlier set June 30, 2012 as the deadline for restructuring the board.The chief minister said there was no time-frame set for holding discussions on the issue with trade union leaders and cabinet colleagues. As per the current proposal, the board chairman will head the new company once KSEB is restructured. The CM also indicated that there was not much chance of extending the service of KSEB chairman T M Manoharan. He is to retire from service today.No decision has been taken on the new chairman of the board either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13680163", "title": "Barak Valley demands autonomous eco council", "text": "SILCHAR: Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Samskriti Sanmilan (BUBSSS), the apex literary body of Barak Valley, has sought an autonomous economic development council for area. This is in protest against alleged linguistic, cultural as well as political and economic \"exploitation\" by forces with vested interests.Significantly, major political parties including the Congress, the BJP and the AIUDF, as well as a number of NGOs, have also come up in support of the demand of the BUBSSS.The Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi units of BUBSSS sent separate memorandums to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through the respective deputy commissioners of the three districts on Wednesday, urging him to take necessary steps to grant the setting up of such an autonomous economic development council for this part of Assam immediately.The literary body said that only a separate council can help get rid of the state government's \"step-motherly attitude\" towards Barak Valley.With peace talks having begun between the Arabinda Rajkhowa-led faction of Ulfa and the Centre, BUBSSS is apprehensive that the interests of the non-Assamese population might not be taken care of. Earlier, separate dharnas were staged in front of the office of the DCs in the three districts by BUBSSS units. Political parties and NGOs had joined in the dharna.\"The people of this valley are fed up with continued exploitation by both the Centre and the state government. They are peace-loving. But this doesn't mean that they don't know to take up arms to protect their rights. The government should take care of development activities well before the situation goes out of hand,\" said AIUDF general secretary and MLA from Katigora Maulana Ataur Rahman Mazarbhuya while addressing a dharna programme organised by BUBSSS in Silchar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji/margao/mapusa", "code": "13680586", "title": "Bandh call gets government support in Goa", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO/MAPUSA: Efforts by ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) activists to make 'Goa bandh', which is part of the 'Bharat bandh' to protest against hike in petrol prices, a success on Thursday received support from the government.Sources said that with the covert, and at times overt, support of the state machinery, party activists are set to enforce a total bandh.CM Manohar Parrikar said the government will not be unnecessarily ply KTC buses on Thursday as this could lead to the buses being damage. \"We have issued instructions to KTC to run skeletal services depending upon the number of passengers stuck,\" Parrikar said. He said once the bandh ends KTC can run normally.He added that the government will provide protection to persons not supporting the bandh. \"Government will provide protection to those who don't want participate in the bandh.\" He added that violence will not be tolerated.Parrikar also stated that he personally supported the bandh. \"As an individual, as Manohar Parrikar, I entirely support the notion of unjustified price rise. This is my personal opinion,\" Parrikar said.BJP leaders said the bandh will be observed from 6am to 6pm and indicated that public transport will be badly hit. Moves were on to ensure that private buses do not ply.State BJP vice-president and spokesman Wilfred Mesquita said the issue being genuine; the bandh call will receive total participation and will be peaceful. As for public transport, he said the party has requested public transporters to join the bandh. In the past BJP activists, even when the party was not in power, had ensured that buses were off the road.Private transport operators appear to be divided over Thursday's bandh. All Goa private bus owners association president Sudip Tamankar said private buses would continue to operate, as did president of the North Goa taxi operators association who said taxis would operate as \"it is a very important service for people, particularly tourists who want to go to the airport\".With the government machinery not promising foolproof security, bus operators, fearing damage to vehicles, are likely to keep vehicles off the road. Private buses in the north Goa will not ply, though they were prepared to do so.North Goa Stage Carriage Bus Owners Association president Vithal Salgaonkar said he met Mapusa assistant director of transport Ivo Rodrigues and sought additional security for the buses to ply on Thursday.\"Since the assistant director of transport of Mapusa said it was not possible for him to take the responsibility of the buses against any damage and that he cannot provide protection to busses, the buses will remain off the road on Thursday,\" Salgaonkar said. BJP leaders said no one can guarantee availability of public transport if operators join the bandh.Regarding inconvenience caused to people, Mesquita said there is no alternative as it is time to protest the anti-people policy of the central government.Mesquita said emergency services like hospitals, pharmacies, 108 ambulance service, electricity services and the like will be exempted from the bandh.In major towns, bandh supporters were seen appealing to owners of commercial establishments to support the bandh. This was seen in Panaji , Vasco, Ponda and Mapusa which are represented by MLAs of the ruling coalition.The Margao unit of the BJP also appealed to owners of all business establishments to down shutters voluntarily in support of the bandh. \"Markets will remain closed. We have also appealed to bus owners and other public transport operators not to ply their vehicles on Thursday and we expect their cooperation,\" BJP's Rupesh Mahatme said. \"Essential services like milk vans, etc will not be affected,\" he added.\"We will support the bandh and shops affiliated to us will remain closed on Thursday,\" Mapusa's feri vikreta sena president Sudesh Hasotikar said.The Goa state council of the Communist Party of India (CPI) also decided to observe May 31 as all India protest day to oppose the steep rise in petrol prices and spiraling prices of food items and other essential commodities. The 'Goa Convention of Workers' comprising of various trade unions will also observe the bandh.Meanwhile, Goa police has made elaborate arrangements in view of the bandh call. Sources said police have identified sensitive places across the district and deployment of forces will be done at strategic places to ensure that law and order is maintained and essential services are not disrupted. Two platoons of the Indian Reserve Batallion (IRB) will also be deployed to reinforce the strength of the local police in South Goa, senior police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680433", "title": "Toyota seeks decontrol of diesel prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Japanese auto major Toyota on Wednesday said the government policy of controlling diesel prices is not healthy and is distorting demand in the car market.\"This is not healthy. We expect the government to take some action,\" Hiroshi Nakagawa, managing director of the company's India subsidiary, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, said. Nakagawa said the diesel subsidy is leading to a substantial drop in the demand for petrol vehicles.Recurring hikes in retail prices of petrol have seen the running cost of petrol cars skyrocket, making them unattractive for buyers. The per kilometer running cost for a diesel car is less than half when compared to that of a petrol vehicle (Rs 2.15 per km for diesel when compared to petrol's Rs 5.22). Nakagawa said the prices of the fuels should be linked to international market. \"Globally, the common way is that oil follows international market rates.\"To fall in line with the market, Toyota is trying to expand the number of diesel variants on its models. The company, that imports diesel engines for fitting them on models like Liva hatchback, Etios sedan, Innova MPV and Fortuner SUV, is also considering to set up a diesel engine plant. Nakagawa, however, said a decision on the matter is yet to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13679646", "title": "Cops say disabled woman robbed them", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cops in Gujarat, who are meant to defeat terrorists, can get beaten up by a woman with disability! At least that is what the cops themselves would want us to believe. The Gujarat high court has found as unpalatable a complaint by jawans of the Special Operations Group (SOG) which says they were beaten up and robbed in Surat by a group that included a woman with disability.\"If you cannot protect yourself, what will happen to law and order situation?\" asked justice Anant Dave, while hearing a plea filed by Surat resident Altaf Patel on Wednesday.Altaf, his aunt Yasmeen Patel, whose wrist on the right hand has been amputated, and five others have been accused of assaulting the SOG team and looting a gold ring, a cellphone and Rs 500 from cops on April 12.The incident took place when the cops raided a house in Varachha to nab Mushtaq Patel , convicted under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) in the 1993 Surat blast case . Mushtaq, who had jumped parole in November 2011, is Altaf's uncle.The SOG team arrested Mushtaq but after stiff resistance from his family members. The latter rushed to the police station to lodge a complaint against the SOG. Police took their complaint, but no FIR was registered.Five hours later, the SOG filed an FIR of loot against the members of Mushtaq's family including Yasmeen, who too was injured in the scuffle.In his application, Altaf said he had become a target of police ever since the Gujarat high court took suo motu cognizance of his complaint of custodial torture and illegal confinement against police. Police had accused Altaf and his brother of helping a drug peddler Xie Jeng Fang alias Richard flee from police custody in Vadodara.Justice Dave admitted the plea and sought an explanation from the Surat SOG about how a group of people, including a woman with disability, could loot cops who are trained in combating terror. The next hearing is scheduled on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13680961", "title": "Chandigarh: 90% scores' club to keep cut-offs high in college admissions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Like premier colleges affiliated to Delhi University , cut offs are expected to go higher for most of the courses in the city colleges too.With a large number of students scoring above 90% in CBSE Class XII, its ripple effect is expected in college admissions. In prominent senior secondary schools here, 25% to 60% of their students fall in 90% and above bracket.For instance: In Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 27, 69 of 120 commerce steam students scored 90% and above. And there are 97 students from all disciplines who fall in this bracket in the school. About 200 pupils from government schools scored above 90%, 90 from SD Public School, 41 from Sacred Heart, 30 from Carmel Convent School, 21 from KB DAV, Sector 7, 16 from DPS and 22 from Mount Carmel School.\"The result shows that admissions will witness a tough competition,\" said Baneeta Arora, principal of Bhavan Vidyalaya School, Sector 27.\"Cut offs will definitely be affected with more students falling in 90% and above bracket. Students must choose their streams carefully and check out all available options before applying for a course,\" said Mani Bedi, principal of Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42.A tough competition is likely to be seen for BCom, BCA and BSc. Panjab University will hold a joint counselling for BCom for all its affiliated colleges. For BCA, Post-graduate Government College, Sector 46, will hold a joint counselling for all government colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13681655", "title": "By 2080, maximum temperature to cross 50\u00b0 C in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The average temperature of Indore may increase by 2 degree Celsius by 2030 and by 2080, it may go up by 3 to 4 degree Celsius. Besides, Urban Heat Island (UHI) effect may add another 2 to 4 degrees. To sum up, the maximum temperature of Indore may cross 50 degrees in 2080. It has been predicted in the report 'Indore City Resilience Strategy for Changing Climate Scenarios'. Survey in this connection was carried out by TARU under the Asian Cities Climate Change Resilience Network (ACCCRN) project. Right now, the average temperature in summer is around 42 degree.The report has been prepared for ten cities of Asia. Indore's report was released on Tuesday. Earlier, similar reports for Surat and Gorakhpur were released. The report has been prepared in association with Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC). As per the report, maximum increase is expected during winters. This may also extend the viability period of some of the diseases, especially vector-borne diseases. The period between March and September period may require space cooling device working through the day and night. The maximum temperatures on some summer days may reach close to 50 degrees which will badly impact the life of the people. The consumption of energy for cooling will also increase.The study also reveals the change in climate coupled with increase in temperature may lead to erratic rainfall and flooding. The report has predicted annual average rainfall of about 200mm by 2030 and increase of another 100 to 150 mm by 2050.Report reads that there are a number of low-lying areas across the city which will suffer short-term flood risks due to excess rainfall/intense precipitation. Water-logging and associated health risks may turn a matter of great concern.With change in climate and rise in water demand, city may also suffer acute water security. By the year 2024, Indore will require around 564 MLD and by the year 2039, city will require 864 MLD. As of now, city receives only 220 MLD of water. With shrinking water resources, city will face serious problems to meet its water requirements.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that civic body is taking steps to deal with the climate change but unless and until we all change our attitude towards environment, it will not be possible to achieve the desired success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13680260", "title": "Robbery in broad daylight at Podanur station, Rs 9.25 lakh stolen", "text": "COIMBATORE: Passengers at the Podanur railway station witnessed a gory scene early Wednesday morning when a five-member gang robbed a jaggery merchant to the tune of Rs 9.25 lakh, sprinkling chilly powder on his face and attacking him with a sickle before fleeing with his suitcase containing the money. The incident occurred at the ticket counter in full public view.According to railway police and witnesses at the station, the gang had targeted Zaheer Hussain (46) of Neyakarapathi near Palani at around 6.10 am as soon as he alighted from the Chennai bound West Coast Express. Both Zaheer Hussain and his staff Faizal Rahman (29) were walking towards the station's exit when they were confronted by the gang in front of the ticket counter.While one gang member sprinkled his face with chilly powder, another attacked him with a sickle. Debilitated and writhing in pain, the culprits were able to easily snatch his suitcase filled with money, escaping the scene by jumping the station wall. Zaheer, who had sustained a deep cut injury on his thigh, collapsed. \"The whole incident took place in a matter of seconds. When a few of us who witnessed the crime attempted to help Zaheer, the thieves threatened to attack us,\" said Faizal. A few other passengers chased the culprits but they managed to escape by scaling the station wall where a car was waiting for them. The station is an isolated area. There were very few passengers and hardly any cops on patrol at the junction, making it easy for the robbers to escape.Police suspect that the culprits may have known the victim, as they had followed the jaggery merchants to rob them, well aware that they had huge amounts of cash in hand. The money in the suitcase was payment Zaheer had received for supplying jaggery in Thalassery and Kannur, North Kerala. A couple of witnesses told the police that the car they escaped in had a Kerala registration number. Police have started studying the CCTV images recorded to get vital clues.Zaheer said he travelled between Coimbatore and Kannur at least three times a week. Almost always, he availed the night bus services. This was the first time he travelled by train. Jaggery merchants Mahendrakumar, Madurai Nhanasekharan and Abu Tahir were also with Zaheer and Faizal but the gang only targeted him. All of them were carrying huge amounts of cash.Railway police have handed over the case to Podanur police for effective coordination and investigation. This is the first time that the railway station is witnessing a robbery of this magnitude in broad daylight . Zaheer is presently receiving treatment at a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13681402", "title": "Delhi sizzles at 45 degrees Celsius, hotter days to come", "text": "NEW DELHI: Searing loo and a scorching sun pushed the maximum temperature in Delhi on Wednesday to a season's high of 45 degrees Celsius , a full five degrees above normal. Delhiites can expect no respite in the next few days, with temperatures predicted to rise further.Wednesday was markedly hotter than the previous day, with maximum and the minimum temperatures rising by 1.5-2 degrees. The minimum on Wednesday was 28.2 degrees Celsius, a degree above normal. At IGI Airport , the mercury soared to 46.5 degrees Celsius.However, the Met office said conditions may change for the better by Sunday, when temperatures could fall by two to four degrees and one or two thunderstorms could hit the capital. Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan was the country's hottest place on Wednesday, with the maximum temperature at 47.4 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13684569", "title": "Financial Tech posts net profit of Rs 264 cr in FY12", "text": "MUMBAI: Financial Technologies said it has posted net profit at Rs 264.05 crore in FY 12 as against loss of Rs 136.8 crore in the previous fiscal.Income from operations for the year ended March 31, 2012 grew by 25 per cent to Rs 487.04 crore from Rs 388.84 crore for the year ended March 31, 2011. EBIDTA for FY 12 was up 1081 per cent at Rs 323.91 crore from Rs 27.44 crore for FY11, a Financial Technologies statement said here.Financial Technologies (standalone) income from operations for the year ended March 31, 2012 grew 23 per cent to Rs 412.65 crore. Net profit (standalone) increased by 420 per cent to Rs 4,78.03 crore for FY 12, it said.The board of directors has recommended final dividend of 100 per cent on the face value of Rs 2 per share.Commenting on financial performance, Dewang Neralla, Whole Time Director of the firm, said, \"The growth is fuelled by scale up in operations on the technology front backed up by strong fundamentals supporting our business model.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680427", "title": "Entire police team in Dudu drug case arrested by Central Bureau of Investigation", "text": "PANAJI: The entire police team which allegedly planted drugs on David Driham alias Dudu, an Israeli national , in a drugs case were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday.CBI which is probing the Goa's police-politician-drug mafia nexus arrested five constables of the Anti Narcotics Cell (ANC) of Goa police in the case as part of its investigations. The arrested constables are Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar,\" ANC officials said.The arrests were made at around 4pm at the ANC office. The cops were allegedly involved in a conspiracy to plant drugs on Dudu. CBI has informed Goa police of the arrests.The constables have been booked under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act. \"CBI has arrested the five constables under Section 120 (B) IPC (conspiracy) read with 20(b), 21(b) and 21(c) of NDPS Act,\" an ANC officer said.The main culprit in the case is alleged to be PSI Sunil Gudlar of the ANC who had allegedly masterminded Dudu's arrest. Dudu's sister Ayala in a sting operation towards the end of 2010 exposed through hidden cameras how ANC cops were demanding money from people threatening otherwise to plant drugs on them. The case was then transferred to CBI. Dudu was arrested by ANC in 2009 in the drugs case and is currently out on bail.CBI has also recorded the statement of then Goa SP Veenu Bansal in the case a couple of months ago. Gudlar who was arrested in the case in 2011 is currently housed in Mapusa judicial custody. He was suspended by Goa police soon after the expose linking him to the sale of drugs and threatening to plant charas on a person if the later failed to pay bribe.Dudu's arrest exposed the police-drug mafia nexus and led to the detention of another alleged Israeli drug dealer Atala and seven cops.It may be recalled that one of the arrested constables, Mahadev Naik, had alleged in September 2011 that a CBI inspector had assaulted him during questioning in connection with the police-drug nexus probe.Dudu's sister Ayala had earlier stated that she conducted the sting operation to unravel the police-drug mafia nexus after her brother's arrest for dealing in drugs in Goa in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679555", "title": "Allies' displeasure over petrol price hike worries Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi may have withdrawn his threat to rock the Centre within hours on Wednesday, but not before another UPA ally managed to heap the blame for petrol price hike at the doorsteps of Congress.The fuel hike continued to enflame UPA, leading to a worry in Congress that the decision was not adequately coming across as dictated by economic compulsions.While Trinamool Congress has slammed the hike, NCP too expressed displeasure. With DMK lodging a public protest, Congress is bound to be concerned about allies shrewdly washing their hands off the unpopular measure.Karunanidhi's volte face led to visible relief in Congress. AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said DMK had already clarified about being misquoted on the withdrawal threat. He argued there was nothing odd about an ally being concerned over price hike when Congress too was worried about it.Though the comment tried to show that Congress was the first to diverge from the government decision, it may be difficult for the leader of the ruling coalition to distance itself from the unpopular move defended by its bigwigs. The task has been made tougher by unrelenting partners who have unequivocally criticized the move.The post-hike developments have triggered fresh worries among Congressmen who think it would only impede the attempts at political rejuvenation when Congress is looking at another round of elections later in the year. The uproar within may, however, have put brakes on the proposal to decontrol diesel prices, a sensitive issue given its implications for farmers.The flip side though is that DMK's volte face showed that Congress holds the upper hand in coalition politics with no ally in a position to walk out of the combination. An increasingly impatient Mamata Banerjee too clarified it would not pull out of UPA even though it opposed the fuel hike. In fact, DMK preempted any consequent glee in the BJP camp by saying that destabilizing the Centre could help the \"communal forces\" to come to power.The losing war of perception has made it imperative for Congress to notch a big 'political kill' to reverse the trend, which many feel could be Gujarat elections. Leaders said the already tough challenge for Congress in Narendra Modi's turf has acquired new importance in party's strategy.A success in Gujarat would stun the allies, enthuse minorities towards Congress and puncture BJP's aggression. Another failure here, however, can only put Congress in a spiral which would be difficult to eject from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13680853", "title": "Kingpin in credit card fraud held under Goondas Act", "text": "CHENNAI: Manoj Kumar, the credit card kingpin who was arrested from Bangalore airport in April, has been detained under the Goondas Act.Central crime branch (CCB) sleuths gave the detention order issued by police commissioner J K Tripathy to Manoj Kumar, now a remand prisoner in Puzhal. A person detained under the Act cannot come out on bail but can appeal against his detention after three months before a tribunal.Police said Manoj Kumar had stolen data of credit and debit cards belonging to many people in Tamil Nadu and sent it to a man named Abdul in Malaysia. In turn, Abdul would send him stolen data from cards there. Manoj Kumar had learnt to clone credit and debit cards with the help of Abdul, police said. Based on Manoj Kumar's confession, police said they had learnt that many such gangs were operating in Tamil Nadu.Police said Manoj was booked for running a brothel in Chennai in 2002 and picked up again by the CCB in 2007 and 2010. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13683203", "title": "Bharat bandh: BEST buses pelted with stones in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandh supporters pelted stones at buses in two suburban areas of the city, Pune, Nagpur and Thane district and stopped some buses by blocking roads in Satara district of Western Maharashtra as the Bharat Bandh called by NDA to protest the petrol price hike began today.In the financial capital, BEST buses were pelted with stones in suburban Mulund and Dadar.BJP activists staged noisy protests outside Borivali station, at S V Road in Kandivali and also in suburban Chembur.Local trains and buses were plying as usual in most parts of the city. However, transport was hit in Mulund, Dadar, Worli and Currey Road areas due stone pelting on BEST buses.The Eastern Expressway, the arterial road which connects suburbs to Mumbai saw less traffic than usual as some of the officegoers preferred to stay home in view of the bandh.Taxis and autos were plying normally. However, leaders of taxi and rickshaw unions have announced that they will take vehicles off the roads in case of any untoward incident.The dabbawalaas, who supply tiffin to office goers have also taken a day off.In Pune, protestors damaged 13 Pune Municipal transport buses while stone pelting was reported on 10 buses in Nagpur and one bus in neighbouring Thane district.In Satara, in western Maharashtra, activists stopped some buses by blocking roads as part of the bandh.Meanwhile, the Mumbai University has announced that there will no change in its exam schedule for today irrespective of the nationwide bandh.Home minister R R Patil said the government will take stringent action against those creating nuisance during the bandh and has also asked police officials to deal sternly with incidents of violence during the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13681548", "title": "Exposed to passive smoking, infants develop infections", "text": "KANPUR: Tobacco is the second biggest cause of death globally after hypertension, reveals a research by the World Health Organisation (WHO). \"Children exposed to second-hand or passive tobacco smoke can develop a range of infectious illnesses, like meningococcal disease, and not just respiratory problems.\"Second-hand smoke or passive smoking is the case when a family member smokes in front of children at home or at public places,\" said Dr AK Nigam, nodal officer, Tobacco Control Cell. Risk of severe morbidity from both respiratory and other infections increased in all infants exposed to second-hand smoke. Such indirect exposure may also affect the immune system of infants and kids, he says.Tobacco is one of the primary causes of oral cancer, which constitutes 30 to 50% of all cancers in India. The World Health Organisation (WHO) observes May 31 every year as the World No Tobacco Day. On this day, the hazards of tobacco abuse are highlighted along with the health gains which tobacco cessation guarantees.Talking on the poor level of tobacco-related awareness in the city, Dr RP Yadav, chief medical officer of the district, informed that many youngsters in both cities and rural areas were getting addicted to chewing paan, gutkha and smoking cigarettes, which caused an adverse effect on their health in the long run. \"In children, passive smoking increases the risk of pneumonia, bronchitis , reduces lung growth as well as both causes and worsens asthma,\" said Dr RP Yadav.The deadly nicotine in tobacco increases the release of dopamine which works towards good mood and peace of mind. The heart, brain and the central nervous system become more active when secretion of dopamine increases. \"Withdrawal symptoms include headache, anger and restlessness. In later stages, a tobacco consumer can suffer from arthritis , asthma, heart attack, hypertension, stroke and mouth, throat and lung cancer ,\" added Dr Yadav.Elaborating on the rules and regulation under Cigarettes And Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003 (OTPA), Dr GK Mishra, eye surgeon at UHM Hospital, informed that the National Tobacco Control Programme and the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003 proscribed sale of tobacco products within 100 yards of an educational institution. But one does not need a newspaper report to know that the law is more violated than implemented.\"Selling tobacco and its related products is even banned at recreational spots and railway stations, but no one is bothered to follow the rule. The violation of these rules can invite a fine of Rs 200 to Rs 2,000,\" added Dr Mishra. He further informed that to check the sale of tobacco products near school premises, a seminar would be organised at UHM on No Tobacco Day along with the school authorities in the presence of the district inspector of schools (DIOS) and the basic education officer (Basic Shiksha Adhikari or BSA). The members and officials of the Tobacco Control Cell will urge the school authorities to check this illegal practice near school premises as well.Other events planned for the day are special symposium for cancer patients at JK Cancer Hospital from 8 to 9 am along with 'swasthya satsang'. Doctors' session on tips to quit tobacco consumption at JK Cancer Hospital between 9 am to 1 pm, seminar at UHM Hospital in collaboration with the district health authorities and the Red Cross Society, making human chain outside UHM hospital in afternoon.World No-Tobacco Day primarily focuses on encouraging users to refrain from tobacco consumption and it's related for a period of at least 24 hours. On this day, the attempt is to draw public and government attention on the need to take effective measures to prevent tobacco consumption which contaminates the air we live in. So, let us strive to live in a pollution-free environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13680723", "title": "Departments asked to assess monsoon preparedness", "text": "PANAJI: The collector (North) has directed various government departments to assess pre-monsoon preparedness and put in place disaster management plans for the forthcoming monsoon season .In a meeting held on Monday, Mihir Vardhan, collector, North Goa, asked representatives from the health department, electricity department, fire department and corporation of the city of Panaji to complete all pre-monsoon works such as cleaning of drains and nullahs and pruning of tree branches.Besides representatives from the directorate of health services, electricity department, municipal administration department, district level committee, zilla parishad and fire department, the meeting was also attended by the director of panchayats, mayor of Panaji, SP North and deputy collectors, said sources.Measures to prevent monsoon flooding, particularly at Mala and near the Kadamba bus stand, were also discussed. The deputy collector (Bicholim) was asked to inspect the mining areas and ore dumps and take steps to prevent flooding or landslides. The coastal disaster management plan was also discussed.The health services has been asked to stock adequate quantity of medicines, while the director of panchayats was asked to inform the village panchayats in the state to complete pre-monsoon works. The departments have also been asked to nominate a nodal officer and provide contact details to the public in case of any emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13679520", "title": "Several areas face water crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was a water crisis in the city on Wednesday with several areas not receiving any water. The areas most affected were south, southwest and New Delhi. DJB officials said the crisis was caused as Haryana government had cut water supply to the Haiderpur water treatment plant, which caters to these areas.\"The Haiderpur treatment plant itself produces 210 million gallons per day. There was a shortage of about 20 million gallon during the day and water supply was hit in certain parts of the city. We are in talks with the Haryana government for restoration of raw water supply and things are likely to get better in a day or two,\" said a senior DJB official . The DJB spokesperson said by Wednesday evening, the quantity of raw water coming from Haryana had increased significantly.In the past too, Delhi has accused Haryana of reducing raw water supply to the capital while Haryana has defended the action, claiming it had adhered to norms.\"There was no water supply today. I went to office without taking bath. My family had to manage all household activities without any water,\" said Ramesh Sharma, a resident of Munirka village .Suman Sharma said she called her relatives in Vikaspuri, but there was no water supply there either. A resident of Sant Nagar said, \"There is hardly any water being supplied to our area for the past several days. The supply is erratic and we get up early morning and sometimes stay up all night just to be able to store some water. For the past two days, we have not received even a single drop,\" he said. Other parts of the city such as Gulmohar Park, Chirag Dilli, Vasant Kunj and Dwarka have been facing a similar problem for weeks now. The residents said the recent crisis has heightened their fears. \"Already the water supply is insufficient. If this stand-off continues, we will have to go without water for days,\" said Nikhil Sharma, a resident of Dwarka.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13680095", "title": "'Call rates will eventually rise by 4-5 paise'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Newly-appointed Trai chairperson Rahul Khullar and his predecessor J S Sarma agreed that there might be an initial 30-40 paise a minute spike in call rates if reserve price for 2G spectrum is hiked steeply, but argued this will even out to a 4-5 paise raise over a period of time.Appearing together before the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom, Khullar and Sarma strongly supported Trai's recommendation that Rs 3,622 crore should be the minimum price for 1 Mhz of spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band, about a 13-fold increase over 2008.The ball is now in the court of the empowered group of ministers on telecom that could be inclined to moderate the recommendation on the ground that the high reserve price will hurt telecom firms, retard the sector's growth and impact adversely on call rates.But at Tuesday's meeting of the JPC, Khullar stood by Sarma in countering the industry's claims and said Trai had gone by the last price of spectrum discovered through the 3G auction in the 2100 MHz band in May 2010. After adjustment for price escalation, 80% of the resultant value was recommended as reserve price.JPC members like Congress's Manish Tewari disputed Trai's arguments that spectrum could be vacated in a particular band to allow more efficient use of airwaves. Along with some other members, Tewari wanted to know details of Trai's valuation as he felt the recommendation could further impair the telecom success story - already reeling under the 2G scam and the Supreme Court order cancelling licences.Sarma and Khullar told the JPC that the regulator was seeking to liberalize use of spectrum so that technology restrictions within a band or bands could be done away with. This was essential keeping in view the future trajectory of the telecom sector and the rapid changes it is witnessing.\"In the context of the likely value to spectrum, they felt the reserve price is justified,\" said JPC chairperson P C Chacko. The possible value for an all-India licence could be around Rs 16,500 crore, the committee was told. In the tainted 2008 allocations presided over by former telecom minister A Raja, permits were bundled with 6.2 MHz of 2G spectrum for Rs 1,659 crore.The JPC meeting also saw CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta ask if the validity of the 3G auctions as a measure to assess pricing for the SC-ordered 2 G auctions gave credence to the revenue losses estimated by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. It is understood that Sarma disagreed with the suggestion, although the 3G auction has been referred to by the official auditor.The committee is likely to examine Sarma and Khullar again in June as members feel the Trai's views will be crucial in assisting the committee to prepared its recommendations on a future roadmap for the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-31"}
