{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425200", "title": "Lucknow sizzles at 43.8 degrees Celsius, Allahabad hottest in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: As dry hot winds continued to lash the city, heat wave conditions intensified and rising mercury made Wednesday the hottest day of the summer season this year. If Lucknow was sizzling at 43.8 degrees Celsius, Allahabad was sweltering at 45.3 degrees, hottest in UP. The weatherman predicted that similar conditions will prevail for next 48 hours. Possibilities of dust/thunder storm are less.Earlier, hottest day this summer was recorded on May 17 when maximum temperature in the city was 43.3 degrees Celsius. The April was pleasant this year but May is turning out to be really hot. However, since humidity levels are down, the discomfort is lower in comparison to the previous year. Even temperatures are not high as they have been in previous years. Hottest day in May last year was recorded on May 15 when mercury touched 43.1 degrees Celsius. Similarly, in 2010, May 13 recorded 44.7 degrees and in 2005, May 26 recorded 44.7 degrees. Likewise, mercury level on May 19, 2004 was 44.4 degrees Celsius. And, in 2003, May 31 recorded 45 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, which was also hottest May in last one decade.Weatherman says that hot weather will intensify in coming days. In Lucknow, maximum temperature may touch 44 degrees Celsius in the next couple of days. People avoided venturing out during the day because of the gusty dust raising hot winds. State Met director JP Gupta said that hot dry winds coming from towards Rajasthan are lashing the state, leading to hot weather conditions. There will be no significant change in the conditions in the next 24 hours. According to reports reaching Met headquarters till Wednesday evening, maximum temperatures were 3-4 degrees above normal across the state. The night temperatures were also above normal at most places.The penetration of sunrays was higher as gusty winds did not allow the dust to remain suspended in the atmosphere. When suspended in air, the thin sheet of dust makes sky hazy and acts as a shield. Heat wave is technically declared by the Met department when the maximum temperature in five degrees above normal. Districts where maximum temperatures recorded above 40 degrees Celsius maximum temperature included Allahabad, Lucknow, Banda, Varanasi, Rae Bareli, Shahjahanpur, Sultanpur, Mirzapur, Sonbhadra, Basti, Gonda, Ghazipur, Mau, Ballia , Kanpur, Sitapur, Mathura, Faizabad, Gorakhpur, Bahriach, Jhansi, Lakhimpur Kheri, Etawah, Moradabad, Hardoi, Bareilly, Agra, Hamirpur, Ghaziabad, Etah, Unnao and Farrukhabad.Hottest districtsAllahabad 45.3Ballia 45.0Varanasi 44.0Banda 44.8Agra 44.3Rae Bareli 44.0Etawah 44.2LUCKNOW and Kanpur 43.8(maximum temperatures in degrees Celisus)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440503", "title": "Now, there\u2019s invisible art!", "text": "The new genre of blank canvases has Hollywood actor James Franco and half the world agog. Will you go to an exhibition devoid of visible content?It actually looks like the gallery just got robbed, but don't get taken in by that. Empty sculpture stands and canvases are the main attractions of a new genre of art that's there by not being there - and it's called invisible art! And it's shaking up the culture world for sure. Come June, stark white canvases and more will be displayed at the Hayward Gallery in London in a first-of-its-kind show that explores invisibility and emptiness. And it's not cheap either, as invisible art is said to fetch upto US$10,000. Much ado about 'nothing'Can nothingness excite? It seems so. The premise is that art is about firing the imagination rather than simply viewing objects. So you have artworks that include a movie shot with no film, invisible ink drawings, a piece of paper that an artist stared at for 1,000 hours over a period of five years, and a plinth once stood on by Andy Warhol , supposed to be viewed in the presence of the artist's 'celebrity aura'! A website quoted gallery director Ralph Rugoff, as saying, \"It leaves so much to your imagination. It's sort of like the power of radio compared to television - in great radio drama you're inventing characters in your head. There is a lot of invisible art out there, there is a lot of art you're never going to see.\" Interestingly, the viewer plays an interactive role in it too! While the world is sitting up and taking note of 'blank art', Hollywood actor James Franco was so excited by the idea that he teamed up with invisible artists Brainard and Delia Carey to launch the Museum of Non-Visible Art (MONA), composed entirely of ideas, and described as \"an extravaganza of imagination\". Indian art fraternity reacts So does this mark the end of visible art? \"Not at all,\" says artist Prakash Bal Joshi. \"This art runs on parallel lines and it's different. We see artists crossing boundaries, which is what's happening here. They work with various materials, technology, multimedia and it's about getting viewers to participate in artistic expression.\" Art curator Bose Krishnamachari has experienced such conceptual work and calls it an amalgamation of science and the imagination. \"It's really about how an idea becomes an art work,\" he says. \"There was an artist in India who did a project called Experiencing Weather. He made a ramp and as you walked on it you experienced different weather with each step you climbed.\" He also says it's high time India had a space to show invisible art. \"We definitely need galleries and museums of the future, after all we have so many brilliant artists.\" Can invisibility cost? \"Yes, imagination comes at a price,\" states Bose. \"It's really about paying for the respect.\" But will Indian contemporary art collectors here buy this? \"Look, taste cannot be taught, also we need more awareness on the subject,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420584", "title": "Jaguar cub\u2019s death under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mystery surrounds the death of a jaguar cub at the Nehru Zoological Park in the city. The 15-day-old cub, born fairly healthy, was found dead last week and some officials allege that it succumbed to the mishandling by a female staffer working in the administrative wing of the zoo. The zoo authorities denied the allegation and said that the cub was a weakling.Sources said that as per the usual practice, the two cubs born in the first week of May were separated from their mother Suchi and kept in the veterinary hospital under hygienic conditions for monitoring. The day the cub died, it was in a playful mood strolling on the hospital premises with a supervisor keeping a watch on him. The woman staffer who visited the hospital allegedly lifted the cub several times and took some snaps. Some insiders also said that she ended up dropping the cub on the floor.Experts said that it is not advisable to handle the young ones till they cross three months since their immunity system is still developing and they are prone to infections. \"Cubs are adorable and if staffers or known persons come and ask (to play with them), officials and animal keepers do not object to it. Over the last three years, we were successful in hand-rearing of jaguars. But this time, we lost one,\" said a senior official associated with the zoo park. He added that the cub developed high temperature followed by convulsions and died a day after on May 18.In India, Nehru Zoological Park in Hyderabad and the Delhi Zoo are the only two zoo parks breeding jaguars. Experts said that this cub was precious for the Hyderabad zoo and also had a good exchange value. Currently, Nehru Zoo Park has seven jaguars including six males and a female. The cub that died was a male.Activists said that the incident raises serious animal welfare concerns in the zoo. \"As a zoological park looking after wild animals, we expect them to take better care of animals. The incident reflects the inability of the park to be able to take care of the wildlife. Taking care of young ones is a tough task because they are fragile. Incidents like this have not happened for the first time. This should be taken very seriously,\" said Vasanthi Vadi, founder secretary of People For Animal.The zoo curator confirmed that the cub died after he developed fever and convulsions but denied that he was mishandled. When asked about the findings of the postmortem, he said that the cub died due to weakness. \"The cub was born weak. We tried to control the temperature but could not succeed. We have collected samples and will go to Veterinary Biological Research Institute to get more information on the cause of death. The woman staffer who visited the veterinary hospital on that day was on a general visit,\" said M A Waheed, curator.Waheed said that cubs kept in the hospital are later released into the enclosure when they are over two months old as they become aggressive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad ", "code": "13424287", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General starts probe into AMC accounts", "text": "AHMEDABAD : A team of two officials from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has begun looking into the financial irregularities in the implementation of the projects under JNNURM scheme. The team had visited senior officials of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the opposition leader on May 12. Civic officials are, however, tightlipped over the issue.\"The CAG may visit with its team to analyse our accounts in the coming weeks. The team had come to get a general idea of the basic functioning of various departments of the municipal body and also of the allegation made by the opposition leader,\" says a senior AMC official.The CAG team visited AMC after the Union ministry for urban development was informed of certain irregularities in the implementation of JNNURM projects across Gujarat cities.Union minister Kamal Nath , in his letter of April 25, 2012, had informed the state government to take \"immediate actions\" based on a preliminary inquiry report. A team of Union urban development ministry officials was in the city recently to inquire into the allegations fielded by the opposition Congress in the AMC.In December last year, AMC opposition leader Bhadruddin Sheikh had sent a detailed report of the civic body's internal audit report and its take on the implementation of the JNNURM projects in the city, to the Centre.\"The report had questioned awarding of Rs 32 crore Bhadra plaza development project to Ms Khurana and Company, a firm that was blacklisted by the AMC in the riverfront project. Another contractor, MV Om Project India Limited, was blacklisted by the AMC for two years for delaying construction of houses for economically weaker sections (EWS). The firm is being reassigned the construction of Rs 111 crore worth of EWS housing in different parts of the city,\" says Sheikh.Sheikh had also alleged that in both the phases of the BRTS project, the contractor had just resurfaced the existing roads and took payments for new roads. \"Because of this, the roads did not last for more than two years,\" says Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13423929", "title": "At 79, panchayat polls are a breeze for Fatima", "text": "MAPUSA: Just days before her 80th birthday, Fatima Rebello of Anjuna had another reason to celebrate. She won the panchayat elections to become the oldest winner in the polls.Rebello polled 309 votes to win by a margin of 199 votes over three other candidates, some of them half her age. She will turn 80 on June 11.Rebello has contested the panchayat elections twice and won both times.\"I am happy I won. Age is not a bar to serve the people,\" Rebello said. \"The victory is a blessing from the people in return for the work done by our family. People have reposed their faith in us,\" she added.Rebello has been elected a panch in the Hindu dominated Chinvar (ward 7) of Anjuna village. About 70% of the voters in the ward are Hindus. \"We have won the hearts of the people of all religions,\" Rebello said.The Rebello family has been representing the ward since 1997. Fatima had first won in 2002 when she was 70 years old. In 2007 her son Lavino won the election from the ward.Earlier, in 1997, her daughter Lizette had been elected from the same ward.Rebello, a former teacher, contested the election as the ward was reserved for women and Lavino sought to make it to the panchayat from another ward. Mother and son were elected to the panchayat.To the people of Anjuna, Fatima is a loving, caring, respected and affectionate elder. \"Helping people is my motive and taking care of the needy will be my priority,\" Fatima said.Where development works are concerned, she lists hot mixing of internal roads, construction of a pond for immersion of Ganesh idols, rebuilding the retaining wall of the nullhas and providing government schemes to the needy as tasks she will take up first.The 11-ward Anjuna panchayat had three families fielding six candidates.Besides the Rebellos, outgoing sarpanch Sandip Chimulkar and wife Pooja had contested the poll. Sandip won while Pooja lost. Also former deputy sarpanch Hanumant Lingudkar and brother Uday had contested but both lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421687", "title": "Ban orders in Hyderabad for next five days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prohibitory orders have been issued and police pickets put in place at all entry/exit points in the city in view of Kadapa MP and YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy's likely appearance before Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials at Dilkusha guest house on May 25. He will also have to appear before the designated CBI court in Nampally on May 28 in a disproportionate assets case.With YSR Congress party toying with the idea of mobilising people to express solidarity with their leader, police fear law and order might go out of hand.District superintendents of police (SPs) have been asked to stay alert and control mass movement of Jagan supporters to the state capital.In a related development, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma on Wednesday issued prohibitory orders preventing gathering of five or more persons under section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The orders would be in force from 6 am on May 24 to 6 am on May 29.As Jagan is likely to start from his Lotus Pond residence in Jubilee Hills and head to Dilkusha guest house to appear before CBI officers, traffic restrictions, especially to keep crowd away from Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Punjagutta, Somajiguda, Green Lands, Assembly, Upper Tank Bund and Abids, have been issued.Check-posts set up at city entry pointsThe restrictions would be in place especially at the AP high court, Nampally courts, City Civil Court at Old City and Secunderabad Civil Court.\"In view of the forthcoming byelections and connected politically and emotionally charged situation, certain political parties are reportedly likely to mobilise large number of persons by taking out rallies on busy thoroughfares of Hyderabad city,\" the commissioner said.The orders clearly states that traffic restrictions and prohibitory orders have been put in place given the likelihood of trouble.It clarifies that the restrictions are being imposed to ensure that, \"persons attending to duties in various courts and important government establishments, litigant public, witnesses, judges and office staff should have unimpeded access to their establishments.\"The traffic restrictions would be in place from 6 am on May 24 to 6 am on May 30.In view of prohibitory orders, police have put up check-posts at all entry/exit points to the city, mainly from Rayalaseema and Andhra regions.Check-posts have been put in place at Malakpet, Uppal, Habsiguda, Lalapet, Amberpet, Saidabad, Santosh Nagar, Kanchanbagh, Shaikpet, Attapur, Bahadurpura and Bowenpally.The entire Raj Bhavan Road is likely to be blocked for normal vehicular movement on May 26.Police have also stepped up surveillance on YSR Congress leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13437175", "title": "Maharashtra DGP to take stock in Naxal-hit Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra's director general of police K Subramaniam is slated to reach Gadchiroli district on Thursday morning. The state top cop is to meet senior officials of the district over the sudden spurt in the Naxal violence.In the backdrop of tumultuous Naxal violence, the legislative council poll is to be held in Gadchiroli on May 25. The elected representatives of the civic body like Zilla Parishad and Nagar Parishad are expected to participate in the polling. A section of such elected members of the civic body has already received threat from Naxals.The security forces in Gadchiroli and Gondia districts have been facing tough challenge against the Naxals who are targeting the elected representatives of the local civic bodies. Naxals had been able to corner the security forces so far. The rebels too faced a setback on Wednesday when one of their cadres was shot dead while two of their women guerillas were arrested with arms and ammunition.Subramiam is also likely to discuss the issue of the Naxals' recently holding a Kangaroo court in the jungle of Jimulgatta in Aheri taluka where they conducted a mock trial before releasing three abducted tribal. The so-called 'jan-adalat' of the Naxals were conducted under broad daylight at a place within 10-km of the Jimulgatta sub-police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13422037", "title": "Water problem due to corruption: Anna Hazare", "text": "NASHIK: Veteran social worker Anna Hazare, who is crusading against corruption said that rampant corruption was also responsible for the present water scarcity in the state.Commenting on the drought like situation in Maharashtra, Hazare, who arrived in Nashik on Wednesday, said, \"Crores of rupees have been spent on water supply. But water has been blocked or diverted as per the wishes of poweful politicians. Crores of rupees have been spent on construction of dams but the irrigation is not adequate.\"Charging the government of sharing the funds amongst themselves even in water projects he said that 50 percent of the projects relating to water taps have been stopped. \"Rather than visiting drought regions, politicians should think and study how this problem can be solved. There are many tanker-free villages, the government should study these projects,\" he said.Anna said that barring 4-5 districts in the state, the entire region is drought-prone or dry. He blamed the government for lack of will to solve the problem.\"Of all the money with the government 72-75 percent is used for management, and 25 percent on development. Out f this 25 percent 15 percent goes in corruption. What is remaining for development then? I see a very bleak future for the state,\" said Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420325", "title": "Buses zoom past Charminar bus station", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several buses plying on important routes are giving the Charminar bus station a miss and instead are stopping at Bibi Bazaar or Shah Ali Banda, at least half a kilometre from Charminar, leaving tourists and daily commuters perplexed and angry even as bus drivers turn a deaf ear to their many protests.With a chunk of the around 6,000 tourists visiting Charminar everyday using public transport, the stops and bus routes have left them befuddled. K Srisailam from Nellore says, \"I was told by the driver that the bus goes to Charminar, but it stopped at Shah Ali Banda.\" The Charminar bus station clocks around 800 trips of buses everyday with around 1.5 lakh commuters. Officials from the station say that buses going to destinations such as Mehdipatnam, Talagadda, LB Nagar, Hussainsagar and Abids do not stop inside the station but instead stop at a bus stop opposite the station where there is no shelter or any indication that the point is a bus stop. Around 15,000 commuters travel to those areas every day, they say.\"The rule is that all buses on this route must stop at this bus station. Bus numbers 65, 66 (ordinary), 143, 72L and 8A which make many trips throughout the day do not stop at the station. Since this is one of the nodal bus stations along the Shah Ali Banda stretch, they should stop at one of the 9 platforms here,\" an official said. All buses going to areas on the south of the Musi go via the Khilwat bus stop. Commuters disembarking at Charminar from various parts of the city and proceeding to Sanathnagar or Kondapur say that they have to walk to the Khilwat stop to change buses. Also, traffic guides who used to ensure buses entered the Charminar bus station have been pulled off because their contract has expired.Due to clogging of the Charminar-Shah Ali Banda stretch during peak hours, buses coming from Moghalpura give the bus station a miss. Residents of Moghalpura say that illegally parked autos force buses to give the station a miss. Official corroborate this and add that taking a loop turn becomes difficult for buses and causes massive traffic jams.Bus drivers claimed they were unaware they had to stop at the Charminar bus depot. N Ramesh, Falaknuma depot manager said, \"Traffic guides were removed because the contract had lapsed. However, we have stationed guides at Afzal Gunj, High Court and Gandhi Bhavan since Monday. The Charminar bus station will get guides very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424111", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi commissioner to focus on more amenities", "text": "PUNE: Newly-appointed Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi on Wednesday said he would focus on providing more amenities to citizens and also work on exploring alternative sources of water to meet the demands of the growing population.Pardeshi, who took charge of his office on Wednesday, said Pimpri Chinchwad is a fast-growing city and that he would make efforts to provide more amenities to citizens.Asked to list his priorities, Pardeshi said priorities will be decided after considering the urgency of the issues. When pointed out that the demand for water was increasing and that the municipal corporation has suspended the Pavana dam water pipeline project, Pardeshi said there is a need to explore alternative sources of water. \"The civic administration will work on it,'' he added.On the issue of high number of unauthorized constructions and the demands by various groups for regularizing these constructions, Pardeshi said the civic administration will work within the provisions of the law. The civic administration will not allow any illegal work, he added.The civic administration and elected members have to work in coordination in local self-government bodies in a democracy, he said in reply to a question whether the ruling NCP, which has a majority in the House, would hinder his work.On the issue of extending the tenure of some important civic officials, who are due to retire on May 31, Pardeshi said the civic administration will study the recruitment rules and, then, take a decision.Before his present appointment as PCMC municipal commissioner, Pardeshi was district collector of Nanded. He replaces Ashish Sharma, who served as municipal commissioner for four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13419345", "title": "Poachers sneak into Melghat; hunt launched", "text": "NAGPUR: The forest department's intensive search following spurt in poaching in the aftermath of a 'red alert' seems to have failed to deter poachers. Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) has launched a massive hunt to nab a gang of poachers that has sneaked into the reserve from Madhya Pradesh.On May 21, the patrolling party found a five-member gang moving in Retwada in Raipur forest range bordering MP. One of the gang members had a 'bharmar' gun while another had a spear, generally used to kill herbivores.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director KP Singh said, \"I'm visiting the spot and have also alerted all the three divisions in MTR - Sipna, Akot and Gugamal - following the gang's movement. On May 22, a forest guard patrolling near a waterhole saw the gang and tried to catch hold of one of them but as the poachers were four in number, they managed to escape,\" he said.Singh said during the scuffle, one of the gang members carrying clothes dropped them at the spot. \"We are tracking the gang and have also sealed the areas bordering MP and help of local police and sniffer dogs is being taken. I suspect the gang must be concentrating on herbivores as they have not fired at on the staff yet,\" Singh said.Principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi said all the poaching cases in the recent past have been brought to light only by the forest guards and not by NGOs. \"This is a good sign. We are not hiding anything. The Palasgaon and Borda tiger poaching cases were detected by our guards,\" Pardeshi said.\"Scrupulous search is leading to more detection of poaching incidents,\" said Kishor Rithe, member of National Board for Wild Life ( NBWL). He added even as entire forest staff of regular and wildlife department seems to be doing an intensive search, there are more poaching attempts.Deaths of three leopards in FDCM's Surewani area adjoining Mansinghdeo sanctuary near Pench tiger reserve were also brought to notice by regular forest staff. The Tipeshwar tiger escaping a nylon wire trap and a poachers' gang moving in MTR was also detected by the staff.Rithe said the staff is coming across even smallest poaching attempts by villagers due to foot patrolling. Officers are not in a 'denial' mode. This will help the wildlife wing face new challenges, Rithe felt.However, the conservationist said there are still some lapses and shortcoming in some of the forest divisions. Rithe reiterated his demand for a special investigation team (SIT) under chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13422701", "title": "Pernem police arrest 3 for overstaying", "text": "MAPUSA: Three foreigners were arrested on Tuesday night by the Pernem police for overstaying .While two of them are Ugandan nationals, one is Somalian. They were brought to book for residing in the state without a passport, visa or any valid travel document.In the first instance, Sembeguja Tomothej, 23, a Ugandan national, was found overstaying without a valid visa at Coconut restaurant at Arambol. In the second case, Kaweesa Ivan, 27, Ugandan national was found overstaying at Arambol beach.Dand Ali, 38, a Somalian national, was also held for overstaying near Chilly restaurant Arambol. PSI Mohan Gaude is investigating the cases under the supervision of PI Tushar Lotlikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440471", "title": "James Vasanthan\u2019s special show", "text": "James vasanthan is a name to reckon with in Tamil cinema. A VJ-turned-music composer, his songs in SUbramaniapuram took him to places. Though several offers came to his kitty, he chose to remain choosy and picked on his films with care.Now he is currently busy with Puthagam , the maiden directorial venture of Vijay Adhiraj.The film stars Satya, actor Arya's younger brother, and Rakul Preet Singh in the lead.Vijay Adhiraj, says, ' I am a great fan of James Vasanthan. He has the knack of coming up with catchy melodies. In Puthagam , he will mesmerise the listeners.'Dwelling on the movie, he says, 'Vijay Adhiraj is using the Sony F65 to shoot his film Puthagam . It is the first film in Asia being shot with this camera. Laxman, my cameraman, suggested it as the Sony F65 has an 8k resolution and a 4K raw recording facility.'The movie went to floors last week. It is racy and riveting, sources say.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13439164", "title": "Jiiva\u2019s daredevil stunts", "text": "Guess what is the connection between Jiiva and Bruce Lee? The actor is shooting for his upcoming Mysskin-directed flick Mugamoodi and he is joining hands with Tony Leung Siu Hung.He is a veteran stunt coordinator from Hong Kong who has worked with the likes of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan .Says Jiiva, 'This fight sequence we're canning is based on a technique called Wing Tsun, which is a close combat fight method in which Tony is a specialist. This method is more than a fight; it's fight choreography! Tony is working hard to teach it to us in the easiest possible way and get the best out of us'.'As he's worked with great action heroes , he makes it a point to not stress us out but instead impart his knowledge about the craft in a smooth manner.'Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420542", "title": "Govt gambles with middle-class patience", "text": "NEW DELHI: By going for the steepest-ever hike in petrol prices, the government seems to be testing the patience of the middle class which is already sullen over a variety of reasons, inflation included, and has vented its resentment in the civic polls in Mumbai and Delhi.No matter howsoever necessary and irrespective of benefits it may bring for the economy in the long run, the drastic increase is the latest of a series of provocations to a constituency which played a key role in UPA's back-to back wins in Lok Sabha polls.The estrangement of the middle class, which continues to wield a disproportionate say in shaping the political discourse, has already been evident. Congress managers have candidly ascribed their surprise failure in Mumbai and Delhi civic polls to the Molotov of discontent over prices and, what Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday called \"anger and frustration\" over corruption.The Wednesday evening shocker can only aggravate matters by contributing to the pervasive despair symbolized by the declining rupee -- itself a source a misery for thousands of families with children studying abroad.More than anything else, it is the sour mood that makes the raise, certainly the quantum of it, such a puzzle. For the seven-and-a-half months since November when petrol prices were last readjusted, the government kept putting off increases when those could have easily been defended by citing the same reasons that were touted on Wednesday, and even when a gradual approach would have been politically safer than the shock therapy.For all their faults, Congress managers are not so naive as to write off the urban constituency and yet hope to come back to power. Urban and rural are not water tight compartments. UP results have demonstrated that Congress's \"aam aadmi\" appeal has not lost sheen in villages as well: again something that has not been lost upon the party leadership.Is there a method in the seeming madness then? It does not seem to be a plunge into the unknown for sure. The decision to spare the prices of diesel, kerosene and cooking gas is obviously driven by hard-nosed politics. The timing is political too, and not just because the raise came a day after Parliament's session got over and when petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy , very conveniently so, was visiting Turkmenistan.The next political challenge - elections in BJP-ruled Gujarat and Himachal -- are scheduled for November. Congress can hope for the angst over the unusual raise to dissipate in the interregnum. In fact, the estimate in political circles is that a rollback is built into the increase. The widely expected dip in international crude prices can be helpful for the effort to appear sensitive to popular mood.A reversal of the raise looks impossible and, to that extent, government will keep attracting the charge of being \"anti-people\". However, it seems to be playing by a larger calculation; that is, people will come to terms with the 'New Normal' in petrol prices. Many in the government feel that the voter is more appreciative of the global economic constraints than they are made out to be, and will not hold Congress responsible for the higher cost of imported crude.The reaction of UPA allies may lend credence to the view. Their reaction was angry, yet restrained from the volatile standards of coalition politics, with even Mamata Banerjee taking pains to say that she does not intend to rock the government. If Congress took the risk by biting the bullet, her response may encourage it to believe that the gamble may pay off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13420868", "title": "\u2018Road cave-in caused by corrosion in slab\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Andheri (E) road cave-in on Tuesday was caused by corrosion of steel in a slab, it has been revealed prima facie.Consultant D S Joshi, who made the submission to the BMC, told TOI that material from the site had been sent for laboratory tests to ascertain the reasons for the corrosion. \"I would be able to give the exact reasons once the report is available. It would take about a week,'' he added.Meanwhile, the BMC on Wednesday decided to conduct an audit of all concrete slabs over nullahs across the city.The 30-ft road in Gundavali village has two lanes on either side of a 20-ft-wide nullah. The road was built by laying slabs atop portions of the nullah in 1985.N V Merani, chairman of the Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC), said the nullah's water could have eroded the earth below the slabs. \"The other possible reasons could be lack of maintainance or poor quality,'' he said, adding that laboratory results could only shed light on the extent of loss of strength due to corrosion and not the reasons behind the same.\"This can be found out only through close inspection of the corroded section by an experienced engineer,\" he said.Two weeks ago, the STAC had raised the issue of old civic bridges with the BMC. There are 253 bridges in the city; of these, 102 are over waterways, 17 are flyovers, 41 road overbridges, 93 foot over-bridges and subways.\"We did a study of 34 old bridges three years ago. By now, they should have been repaired or reconstructed. But nothing has moved,'' said Merani.The STAC had recommended that a separate chief engineer be appointed to exclusively monitor bridges and concrete roads. The BMC has created a post not filled it up. \"The MMRDA is constructing flyovers and roads and handing them over to the BMC. The corporation needs to appoint a person to that post. We have even suggested that if they cannot promote an engineer, they can get someone on deputation. But decisions in the BMC are ad-hoc,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420788", "title": "YSR brother Vivekananda Reddy quits Congress to join Jagan\u2019s party", "text": "HYDERABAD: Languishing in the Congress ever since he had quit the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet and fought on the Congress ticket in the Pulivendula assembly bypoll against YSR's widow Vijayamma a few months ago, former agriculture minister and YSR brother Vivekananda Reddy on Wednesday formally resigned from the ruling party along with his followers amid indications that he will join forces with his nephew and YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy.Vivekananda Reddy's term as MLC ended in February this year and he was defeated by a huge margin in the Pulivendula bypolls. After this defeat, sources close to Viveka said, he was hopeful of being rewarded for his loyalty to the party with a Rajya Sabha nomination in April this year. However, that did not happen and a bitter Viveka decided to part ways with the ruling party.Announcing his resignation from the Congress at a media conference in Pulivendula on Wednesday, Viveka said: \"I cannot continue in a party which is bent upon tarnishing the image of my elder brother (YSR) and destroying his legacy. It was YSR who brought the Congress to power twice in the state. He also ensured the welfare of the poorest of the poor. I cannot continue in a party that is bent upon defaming my family.\"Sources said the last straw was his being ignored in the selection of candidates for the three assembly segments in Kadapa district where bypolls are due to be held on June 12. Irked by the indifferent attitude, Viveka met Jagan two weeks ago and expressed his desire to return to the family fold. The sources said Viveka met Jagan two weeks ago where both uncle and nephew had a detailed discussion and Jagan assured his uncle all support. Viveka is likely to join the YSR Congress very soon and the date for that is to be decided after the conclusion of the bypolls.From Jagan side, Viveka joining the YSR Congress is being viewed as a win-win proposal as the move would be seen as reunion of the family and benefit the Jagan party in the bypolls, at least in the three assembly segments in Kadapa district.Vivekananda Reddy was defeated by a huge margin in the Pulivendula bypolls recently. After this defeat, he was hopeful of being rewarded for his loyalty to the party with a Rajya Sabha ticket in April this year. However, that did not happen and a bitter Viveka decided to part ways with the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13425850", "title": "Not playing? You can still get golfer\u2019s elbow", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tanya, a city-based housewife, who had never played any sport in her life, was recently diagnosed with golfer's elbow. It was then found that domestic chores were the prime reason for this muscle injury. Runner's knee, golfer's elbow, writer's elbow and tennis elbow -- which were once only seen in sportspersons or writers are now more prevalent amongst those who are not into sports. City-based doctors have of late been seeing more such cases among housewives, computer professionals, gardeners, plumbers and painters.Dr Sudhir Garg, head of the orthopaedic department at the government medical college and hospital, Sector 32 said, \"Muscles tend to wear down when the same action is performed repetitively. We get four-five patients daily and most of them are housewives. One may not be a tennis player to get this minor injury. It has been seen mostly in women who get the problem while cooking, washing clothes or carrying groceries.\"Earlier these muscle/tendon injuries were mainly seen in players or athletes as the medical names indicate. It is possible that other people too suffered from these injuries but not as many came forward for treatment. \"Repetitive stress of a particular group of muscles leads to micro-tear of tendons/muscles. Also those who spend long hours working on the computer also have a tennis elbow,\" said Dr Garg.The origin of these muscle pains -- were once associated only with sportspersons -- are the muscles which are attached to the edge of the bones. \"These muscles are strong and are at the edge of the bones. If they are exposed to greater pressure than their endurance or fatigue point, it results in golfer's, tennis and writer's elbow or runner's knee,\" said Dr R K Kanojia from the department of orthopaedics at PGI.Much like golfer's elbow, Ravi Jindal who is working with a private company, had been suffering with stiffness of the elbow. \"I have started painting a lot over the past few months. The doctors have reasoned this as the cause for golfer's elbow. I don't even know how to play golf,\" he said.It is not only golf or tennis which results in these muscle tears. Other sports like baseball, rowing, swimming and weightlifting can also put you at risk of muscle tear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13426357", "title": "70 new state-run buses await formal flag-off by ministers in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Some 70 new buses belonging to the State Express Transport Corporation have been waiting at the Pallavan House depot for more than a month awaiting a formal flag-off.Staff at the depot said the corporation had been waiting for a minister to inaugurate the buses. \"Everyday, two or three buses come in after going through body building and fitness certification. We are waiting for a political head to flag them off,\" said a technical staff member at the depot. All the buses are 'ultra deluxe' buses. \"Some 17 buses are in the process of body building here and 51 in Velachery. The state government had recently decided to change the colour of buses to maroon swishes over cream.In the last week of March, the chief minister unveiled 464 new buses to all the seven corporations in the state, of which SETC got 50. \"By the end of the financial year, we are supposed to get 473 new buses. Apart from this, 100 will be renovated and added to the running fleet,\" said an SETC official.The new buses would reduce the average age of the corporation's fleet. \"With the new buses, the average age of the fleet will come down to two years from 4.3 years at present,\" said the official. The new vehicles will also be longer than usual with increased seating capacity. They will be able to seat 43 people, up from the usual of 36 seats. The buses will be 12 metres long, which is 1.5 metres longer than the older version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13442362", "title": "Delhi hoping to come hard at Chennai in do-or-die battle", "text": "CHENNAI: Wounded Delhi Daredevils would be eager to draw inspiration from their own performances in the league stages for a spot in the final of the ongoing Indian Premier League when they take on a rejuvenated Chennai Super Kings in the second qualifying match on Friday.Having topped the table with 11 wins out of 16 matches at the league stage, the Daredevils were humbled by Kolkata Knight Riders in the first qualifier in Pune on Tuesday.The high-flying Daredevils failed to live up to their expectations with a string of mediocre performances in their previous game against KKR and on Friday is their last chance to redeem their reputation of being the most consistent side of the IPL V so far.On the other hand, defending champions Chennai, despite their ordinary performances in the league stages, peaked just at the right time. They recovered from an impossible situation to keep alive their chances of winning a hat-trick titles alive.With skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who smashed a whirlwind 20-ball 51 against Mumbai Indians on Wednesday to help his team make the second qualifier, returning to form in style, the Daredevils might have to bring in some fresh game plan to arrest the marauding Chennai outfit.While Chennai would be hoping for a similar performance, in what could be considered as a semifinal against the Daredevils on Friday, Virender Sehwag's men would be relying heavily on their batting.The Delhi side would be depending on their strong batting lineup, consisting of the likes of Sehwag, David Warner , Mahela Jayawardane, Ross Taylor and Naman Ojha, to post a formidable total on the board, their bowling department heavily relies on pace trio of Morne Morkel , Umesh Yadav and Irfan Pathan.But come Friday, Delhi would certainly have to be cautious against a team that had, in past, regrouped into a cohesive team during crunch games.The Super Kings, who bring out their best when they are pushed to the wall, are expected to come hard at the Daredevils.Although as compared to the Daredevils, the Super Kings were far from impressive during the league stages with eight wins and a no result from 16 games, there collective performance has been good in the tournament so far.The batting looks good with Michael Hussey , Dhoni, S Badrinath, Suresh Raina and Murali Vijay making it a formidable lineup.With Hussey and Ben Hilfenhaus having contributed extensively with the bat and ball in last seven matches or so, Chennai would hope them to repeat the show on Friday at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chepauk.Chennai's spin department will be lead by Ravichandran Ashwin in the company of Shahdab Jakati and Ravindra Jadeja.Ashwin and Jadeja have been among wickets, while Albie Morkel , Hilfenhaus and Dwayne Bravo also contributed to the team's success. In all counts, these five bowlers have the ability to wreck any strong combination and dislodge the middle order.Going by the variety in their bowling and presence of all-rounders -- Bravo, Jadeja and Morkel -- in the team, the Super Kings, if they click in unison, could be unstoppable.The Super Kings will also take heart from the fact that in the history of the championship so far, they have never been the table toppers but always made it to the top four before bagging the title twice in four seasons.With both the teams filled with power performers, the spectators can expect a keen battle on Friday.Teams (from):Chennai Super Kings: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (captain and wicket-keeper), Michael Hussey, Murali Vijay, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Srikkanth Anirudha, DWayne Bravo, Albie Morkel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ben Hilfenhaus, Shadab Jakati, Doug Bollinger , Francois du Plessis, George Bailey , Scott Styris , Suraj Randiv , Abhinav Mukund, G Vignesh, Joginder Sharma , Kuthethur Vasudevadas, Subramaniam Badrinath, Sudeep Tyagi, Yo Mahesh and Wriddhiman Saha.Delhi Daredevils: Virender Sehwag (captain), Kevin Pietersen , Mahela Jayawardene , Ajit Agarkar, Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav, Puneet Bisht, Robin Bist , Naman Ojha (wicket-keeper), Shahbaz Nadeem , Venugopal Rao, Vikas Mishra, Yogesh Nagar, Zafir Patel, Sunny Gupta, Tejashwi Yadav , Aavishkar Salvi , Kuldeep Raval, Manpreet Juneja, Pawan Negi, Prashant Naik, Aaron Finch , Andre Russell, Doug Bracewell, Glenn Maxwell, Gulam Bodi, Morne Morkel, Roelf van der Merwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13421603", "title": "Mobile roaming may go with uniform charges nationwide", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is set to pave the way for an end to mobile roaming within the country and usher in a country-wide number portability scheme along with faster broadband speed proposed in the New Telecom Policy.The Union Cabinet is scheduled to discuss the New Telecom Policy, which will replace a 13-year-old statement, along with a unified licence regime for all telecom services. The unified and class licences proposed by the telecom regulator along with migration of existing ones is different from what the government had planned to do in 2003.With the Communications Convergence Bill having lapsed, the government has now decided to keep broadcast services out of the ambit of the proposed unified licence regime. It may, however, come into conflict with the New Telecom Policy's proposal for a one nation-one licence plan.But the industry, which is seeking a lower spectrum fee, is watching the New Telecom Policy keenly as it has suggested a simpler licensing regime along with new tools such as spectrum polling and sharing and even permitting trading at a later stage.For customers, the new policy will mean that they do not have to shell out a higher amount on roaming charges, although tariffs have come down significantly over the last few years. In addition, it would soon be possible for subscribers to retain their mobile numbers even if they relocate to another city.The biggest change will be a sharp increase in broadband connectivity as the government plans to set the minimum speed at 2 mbps compared to the existing 256 kbps. The plan is to move into higher gear from 2015.There may be some bad news in store for foreign telecom equipment manufacturers as the government intends to provide preference to domestically manufactured goods. While the prescription may help develop local manufacturing facilities, the move comes at a time when India is under pressure from the US on local content requirements in renewable energy projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13423957", "title": "Cannabis use in teens raises schizophrenia risk", "text": "PUNE: There are two cannabis users among every 20 patients with schizophrenia in the city, eminent psychiatrists have said. The increasing usage of cannabis in its various forms like marijuana, hash, grass, weed, charas, ganja among youngsters in the city puts them at higher risk of developing schizophrenia, they warned.A comprehensive study published in the British medical journal Lancet has also underlined the fact that cannabis usage increases the risk of schizophrenia by 40%, as compared to non-users. May 24 is observed as World Schizophrenia Day to create awareness about the disorder.\"Smoking cannabis puts stress on the brain affecting cognitive functions so seriously that it can trigger psychotic illnesses like schizophrenia,\" senior psychiatrist Ulhas Luktuke said.Every month, he diagnoses schizophrenia in two persons with a history of cannabis. \"Most who are diagnosed belong to 16 to 25 age group which is distressing,\" he added.Senior psychiatrist Vidyadhar Watve said, \"Many scientists have been warning for years that cannabis can trigger hallucinations and delusions similar to symptoms found in schizophrenia. Previous studies have suggested that using the drug before the age of 18 raises the risk of the condition in later life by six-fold.\"Cannabis has the ability to cause psychotic conditions and is probably related to long-term changes in the brain caused by a substance found in marijuana called tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), Watve said.THC affects chemicals in the brain that transmit information from one nerve cell to another. Disrupting the delicate chemical balance can result in memory loss, anxiety and other conditions.Watve sees at least one person with schizophrenia every day. \"One in every 20 patients with schizophrenia has a history of cannabis and they fall in a young age group, Watve said.Many research studies indicate that the risk is higher in teenagers and young adults, probably because the brain is still developing and more susceptible to damage, neuropsychiatrist Sanjay Phadke said.Amotivation and cognitive dysfunction contribute to functional disability in a person with schizophrenia and using cannabis worsens the condition, Phadke added.The overall additional risk to cannabis smokers is small, but measurable. One in 100 of the general population have a chance of developing severe schizophrenia; that rises to 1.4 in 100 for people who have smoked cannabis. But the risk of developing other psychotic symptoms among people who smoke large quantities or are already prone to mental illness is significant, the experts say.People who smoke cannabis daily have a 200% increased risk of psychosis. Researchers estimate that 14% of 15- to 34-year-olds currently suffering schizophrenia are ill because they smoked cannabis.\"Although individual lifetime risk of chronic psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia, even in people who use cannabis regularly, is likely to be low -- less than 3% -- cannabis use can be expected to have a substantial effect on psychotic disorders at a population level because exposure to this drug is so common,\" said Phadke.Experts advise people to avoid this drug, especially if they start to develop mental health symptoms, or if they have relatives with psychotic illnesses.BOX:Understanding schizophreniaIt is a challenging disorder that makes it difficult to distinguish between real and unreal, think clearly, manage emotions, and relate to others. It can be successfully managed. The first step is identifying the signs and symptoms. The second step is seeking help without delay. The third is sticking to the treatment. With right treatment and support from family, friends, and health professionals, a person with schizophrenia can recover and lead a normal life.What is schizophrenia?It is a brain disorder that affects the way a person acts, thinks, and sees the world. People with schizophrenia have an altered perception of reality, often a significant loss of contact with reality. They may see or hear things that don't exist, speak in strange or confusing ways, believe that others are trying to harm them, or feel like they're being constantly watched. With such a blurred line between the real and the imaginary, schizophrenia makes it difficult-even frightening-to negotiate the activities of daily life. In response, people with schizophrenia may withdraw from the outside world or act out in confusion and fear.Common misconceptionsMYTH: Schizophrenia refers to a 'split personality' or multiple personalities.FACT: Multiple personality disorder is a different and much less common disorder than schizophrenia. People with schizophrenia do not have split personalities. Rather, they are \"split off\" from reality.MYTH: Schizophrenia is a rare condition.FACT: Schizophrenia is not rare; the lifetime risk of developing schizophrenia is widely accepted to be around 1 in 100.MYTH: People with schizophrenia are dangerous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13419505", "title": "CBI grills excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana for nine hours", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI officials on Wednesday questioned excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana for nearly nine hours in Dilkusha guesthouse in connection with the Vanpic deal as well as Jagan assets case. The minister arrived at the guesthouse around 11 am and was allowed to go at 6 pm. He was asked to come again on Thursday for further questioning.The CBI officials questioned Mopidevi along with Nimmagadda Prasad and K V Brahmananda Reddy, the two accused in the case, and sought to know from them the reasons for the discrepancies in the GOs issued for the project.Also about the glaring omissions and commissions in the concessional agreement contrary to the cabinet decisions and also the original MoU. The discrepencies in the lease period and the ownership of the project were also raised and answers sought. The minister said he acted only in accordance with the cabinet decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425770", "title": "Police recruitment scam: Charges politically motivated, Samajwadi Party says", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Wednesday approved the government decision to withdraw the special leave petition (SLP) pending before the Supreme Court against quashing of Allahabad High Court order directing a CBI probe into the alleged Uttar Pradesh Police Recruitment scam.Sources said chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had decided to withdraw the inquiries and drop the charges on grounds that they were politically motivated and aimed at harassing officials by the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government in connection with the recruitment process. He also took note of the Allahabad High Court order which described the action against the recruits as illegal because the single member inquiry committee was formed not in accordance with the strictures as provided in the law. The state law department, on a query from the then CM, had explained that since the committee fell short of constitutional sanctions, no criminal charges could be slapped against the officers and the recruits on its recommendations.Around 22,500 police constables were recruited during 2004-2006 in the biggest ever recruitment drive for state forces during the previous Mulayam Singh Yadav regime. After the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government was voted to power in 2007, chief minister Mayawati ordered an inquiry into the recruitments following allegations of large scale irregularities in short listing of selected candidates. As a result, recruitment of more than 18,000 jawans of UPP and the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) and police radio department were cancelled.The single-member inquiry committee of the then additional director general of police (ADG) SK Mishra appointed by the state government had found shocking instances of candidates being awarded grace marks for no rhyme and reason merely to help them qualify the written exam and rampant use of fake mark-sheets and certificates by candidates to meet the minimum requirement for recruitment. Not only this, it was found that the interview boards had cleared hundreds of candidates within hours time to the extent that each candidate spent only a few seconds to clear the interview - something which was practically impossible.It has also come to light that candidates were recruited despite failing in their written exams after their total marks were increased in the cross sheets but no corresponding changes were made in the answer copies. In most of the cases, no explanation whatsoever was provided for the difference in total of candidates when the cross-sheet was compared with the totals on the answer copies.The committee recommended action against all the officers involved in the recruitment process and cancellation of the recruitment of over 18,000 constables against whom irregularities had been established by then. After the single member committee's tenure ended, the government constituted a high-powered panel headed by the then chief secretary, P K Mishra.DGP Vikram Singh and Lucknow commissioner V S Pandey were appointed as the members of this panel. After probing the scam for four months, the panel submitted its report in January 2008.The two-page conclusion of the panel report held former UP chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav, his younger brother Shivpal Singh Yadav, two ex-DGPs and others responsible prima facie in the UP Police recruitment scam.\"Prima facie evidence was found against the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav for exerting pressure on bureaucrats to sanction large number of posts of constables despite serious objections raised by the finance department ,\" the report said.\"The then chief minister had directly influenced the recruitment process and allowed large number of recruitments without clear vacancies,\" the report had stated. The panel also ratified the findings of the S K Mishra Committee. \"Sexual exploitation was alleged by several female candidates in the recruitment of female constables to the police radio department,\" the panel's report stated.In December 2007, the Mayawati government suspended a dozen senior IPS officers including an IG, nine DIGs and two SPs. Disciplinary proceedings were also initiated against 58 other police officers implicated in the scam. The matter was then handed over to the Anti-Corruption Organisation (ACO) of the state police for necessary action. In October 2008, the Uttar Pradesh government granted permission to prosecute 12 senior IPS officers in connection with the scam. However in December 2007, the government revoked the suspension of the officers on grounds of shortage of officers in the state police department. The decision came days before the government was required to file an affidavit before the high court where the suspension of these officers was challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13445463", "title": "Here's why fatty food are irresistible", "text": "Researchers say people with variations in certain \"obesity genes\" tend to eat more meals and snacks, consume more calories per day and often choose the same types of high fat, and sugary foods.According to researchers from The Miriam Hospital's Weight Control and Diabetes Research Center, certain variations within the FTO and BDNF genes - which have been previously linked to obesity - may play a role in eating habits that can cause obesity.The findings suggested it might be possible to minimize genetic risk by changing one's eating patterns and being vigilant about food choices, in addition to adopting other healthy lifestyle habits, like regular physical activity.\"Understanding how our genes influence obesity is critical in trying to understand the current obesity epidemic, yet it's important to remember that genetic traits alone do not mean obesity is inevitable,\" said lead author Jeanne M. McCaffery, Ph.D., of The Miriam Hospital's Weight Control and Diabetes Research Center.\"Our lifestyle choices are critical when it comes to determining how thin or heavy we are, regardless of your genetic traits.\"However, uncovering genetic markers can possibly pinpoint future interventions to control obesity in those who are genetically predisposed,\" she added.Previous research has shown individuals who carry a variant of the fast mass and obesity-associated gene FTO and BDNF (or brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene) are at increased risk for obesity. The genes have also been linked with overeating in children and this is one of the first studies to extend this finding to adults.Both FTO and BDNF are expressed in the part of the brain that controls eating and appetite, although the mechanisms by which these gene variations influence obesity is still unknown.As part of the Look AHEAD (Action in Health and Diabetes) trial, more than 2,000 participants completed a questionnaire about their eating habits over the past six months and also underwent geneotyping. Researchers focused on nearly a dozen genes that have been previously associated with obesity. They then examined whether these genetic markers influenced the pattern or content of the participants' diet.Variations in the FTO gene specifically were significantly associated with a greater number of meals and snacks per day, greater percentage of energy from fat and more servings of fats, oils and sweets. The findings are largely consistent with previous research in children.Researchers also discovered that individuals with BDNF variations consumed more servings from the dairy and the meat, eggs, nuts and beans food groups. They also consumed approximately 100 more calories per day, which McCaffery noted could have a substantial influence on one's weight.\"We show that at least some of the genetic influence on obesity may occur through patterns of dietary intake, The good news is that eating habits can be modified, so we may be able to reduce one's genetic risk for obesity by changing these eating patterns,\" she said.McCaffery says that while this research greatly expands their knowledge on how genetics may influence obesity, the data must be replicated before the findings can be translated into possible clinical measures.The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition and appearing in the June issue published the findings online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424364", "title": "Youth gets life term for killing neighbour over cricket dispute", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge A P Kurhekar on Wednesday sentenced a 22-year-old youth, Suyash Dixit, to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 2,000 for committing the murder of his neighbour Shashikant Kore (39) over the issue of playing cricket in a housing society at Yerawada in 2009.The judge also sentenced Suyash's father Satish Dixit (49) and mother Supriya Dixit (45) to one year's rigorous imprisonment with Rs 1,000 fine for beating up Kore.Additional public prosecutor Vikas Shah said that the Kore and Dixit families had previously quarrelled over the children playing cricket on the premises of Rajmahal society at the Maharashtra Housing Board colony in Yerawada.Kore had had a fight with one of the residents, Shashikant Kanade, over this issue on the night of April 25, 2009. According to Shah, Satish Dixit, his wife and two sons, joined them in the parking lot and Kore argued with them as well. The Dixits beat up Kore saying that he had abused their son. Kore managed to free himself and fled, but the Dixits caught him at the society gate.According to the prosecution, Satish and Supriya caught hold of Kore while Suyash stabbed him with a knife seven times. Kore was rushed to a private hospital, but was declared dead by the doctors.The complainant in the case Shankar Padwal (66) had turned hostile during the trial, but Shah relied on the evidence of 12 witnesses to prove the Dixits' guilt.Kore worked as a treasurer at Maharashtra Jeevan Pradikaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427746", "title": "57.03% students pass pre-university exams, best results in decade", "text": "BANGALORE: In a happy end to the second-year pre-university exams dogged by delays, strike and paper leak, a decadal record 57.03% of students have come out with flying colours - an increase of 8% over last year. The results are significant because they rarely breach the 50% mark.In the results announced on Wednesday, 3,39,421 of 5,95,197 students cracked the exam held between March 3 and April 5. The state that's aiming for 70% results over the next three years attributes the good show to several reasons.Controversies didn't affect the results, after all. First, question paper leaks - real and rumoured - marred the exams. Then, lecturers' strike disrupted the evaluation , delaying the results. Primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri denied that the leak affected the results. The biology paper, about which there were rumours of a leak which was denied by the PU department, saw 84% passes.The top scores: 593 in Science , 591 in Commerce and 569 in Arts. Some 7,000 students walked away with distinction , 1,54,296 scored first class, 81,224 second class and 84,634 third class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13426950", "title": "Growth puts in peril Kozhikode's open spaces", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Construction spree and poor urban planning is fast devouring the open spaces in the city, which is emerging as one of the fastest growing tier-III cities. Faced with a bleak prospect, city's residents and environmentalists are now demanding steps to protect the open spaces including parks and playgrounds.Over the years the city has lost open spaces including mangroves and water reservoirs to the real estate boom and infrastructure projects. The water reservoirs which have vanished from the city include Chakkorathkulam, Kandamkulam and Anakulam.The immediate reason that has irked the residents and environmentalists alike is the proposals to build Fraternity Tower and the main station of the monorail network in the 2.9 acres of government land near the Mananchira Grounds, one of the few remaining open spaces.A Achuthan, conservationist and environmental activist, said poor urban planning is forcing civic body and other government bodies to choose open spaces for development projects. \"It would be suicidal if we build a huge structure like the Fraternity Tower in the area next to the Mananchira Grounds. The basic tenant of urban planning is to find ways to avoid concentration of people, traffic and waste accumulation,\" he said.Jayakrishnan M K, a city resident, said the open spaces in the city are facing a collective assault from the government, the private sector, and land mafia. \"The 80-acre VK Krishna Menom Smriti Vanam has now been reduced to just 1.25 cents. The remaining land has been allotted to projects like Central School, Government ITI and for the JICA-aided drinking water scheme, he said. He suggested that the government should utilize the Rs 32 crore earmarked for building the tower to protect the wetlands at Kottooli.The lack of public spaces has had its impact on the health of children and youth. \"Though they have a passion for cricket, they are forced to play on the streets as our neighborhoods do not have a playground. The corporation should consider building at least one park and playground for two or three wards,\" Sajeevan K, a resident of Nadakkavu and a father of two children, said.Corporation mayor AK Premajam said land availability is the key factor that forbids them from building new parks and playgrounds. Environmentalist T Shobheendran said the local bodies are responsible for the depletion of open spaces in the city. \"The Kandankulam water reservoir was filled for construction of the Corporation Jubillee Hall,\" he said. The corporation currently has four main public spaces including the Mananchira Square, Sarovaram Bio-Park, Lions Park at the northern side of beach and the Kozhikode beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419800", "title": "Four held for counterfeiting currency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people were arrested from Nand Nagri in the city on Tuesday for running a counterfeit currency racket.The men identified as Prem Chandan Prasad, Illiyas alias Tiwari, Baleshwar Ram and Ravi Kumar Sharma were part of notorious counterfeiter Iqbal Kana's network. Among them, Prasad was the north Indian conduit of the network that used to operate through Nepal.According to the crime branch of Delhi Police, Prasad was a school topper in his hometown Motihari in Bihar.He had a chance meeting with Kana's right hand man, Shakeel alias Shamim, on a pleasure trip to Kathmandu six years ago. Prasad discussed a lot of business prospects with Shakeel and decided to join the fledgling counterfeiting trade.In four years, Prasad became a master of the craft of counterfeiting currency notes, so much so that he even learnt how to bypass what the Reserve Bank of India had once called their \"best security feature\"-the security thread.He would sew silver bromide into fake notes to imitate the security thread and circulate the notes in four north Indian states.While initially, he carried bunches of fake notes of face value between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 3 lakh, he later got notes of face value of Rs 7 lakh delivered to him from Kathmandu.Additional CP (crime) Ashok Chand said the cops are looking into the exact face value of fake notes smuggled into India by the accused but said it could be anywhere between Rs 45 lakh and Rs 55 lakh.\"The accused disclosed that they get two kinds of fake notes. In some of those, the security thread was printed; in others, the threads were missing. They arrange for green silver bromide from across the border. The ones with the security threads embedded inside the note cost them Rs 550 for a note of 1,000 denomination, while the ones without the thread cost them Rs 510 for a note of 100 denomination,\" said DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey.\"In the latter kind, they had to manually insert the security thread. While the fake notes with \"printed\" security threads were sold for Rs 550 for a note of 100 denomination, the \"sewed\" ones fetched as high as Rs 660 for the same denomination,\" said Tirkey.Prasad had a weakness for women and had several girlfriends-a fact that also doomed him. \"One of his girlfriends got jealous when she saw him with another woman and tipped us. It took us three weeks to develop our sources and finally arrest the accused,\" said Tirkey.Police said that Prem extended his \"customer base\" to states like Delhi, Rajasthan and Punjab after he failed to do brisk business in Bihar and UP.\"Ravi, a tea seller from Ludhiana, became his trusted aide and soon they found three regular customers in Seelampur in northeast Delhi. These men later helped Prem find more customers and new routes in the West Bengal-Bangladesh border,\" said a source.Sources added the arrests came after a deal through a decoy customer for delivery of fake notes of face value Rs 10,000 against a payment of Rs 6,500 was struck with Prasad and his associates. On May 22, around 6.15pm, Prasad along with Iliyas and Baleshwar were arrested near Gagan Cinema in Nand Nagari and fake notes of Rs 86,000 face value were seized.\"One sheet of fake security thread and one cutter were also seized. A case under appropriate sections of the law was registered against them,\" said deputy commissioner of police (crime) Sanjay Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424485", "title": "Pune scientists undertake study on cloud microphysics to help improve monsoon forecast", "text": "PUNE: Scientists at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune, have undertaken a study on continuous observations of clouds, aerosols, weather and climate parameters at Mahabaleshwar this year to help improve monsoon forecast and climate change studies on a long-term basis.This cloud microphysics study is a part of 'Physics and Dynamics of tropical clouds programme' under which a 'High Altitude Cloud Physics Laboratory and Monitoring' (HACPLM) will be set up at Mahabaleshwar soon.The foundation stone of the laboratory will be laid on May 24.J R Kulkarni, co-director (physics and dynamics) of tropical clouds programme told TOI that IITM scientists have already undertaken the study in the laboratory that has been temporarily set up in the existing IMD building at Mahabaleshwar. The construction of the laboratory will start soon and will be completed next year. The lab will be first of its kind in India. At present, a few such labs exist in the world. Around 10 - 15 scientists along with research students will work continuously during the monsoon season.Explaining the importance of this study, Kulkarni said, \"Monsoon forecast is important and it is going on for the last 100 years. Many factors govern variability in monsoon. Clouds play an important role in the variability of monsoon. Here comes the need for observation of clouds and interaction of cloud-aerosol.''Kulkarni pointed out that at present the existing methods to study clouds include satellite , radars and aircrafts, but it has its own advantages and disadvantages. For example, satellites can show overall special distribution of clouds but cannot see inside the clouds.Like-wise, radars that have range up to 400 km cannot see all the internal structures of clouds. And in case of aircrafts, it cannot have continuous observation. Whereas, the present study will fulfill the need to understand cloud processes occuring inside the clouds and will be able to conduct continuous observations during monsoon, he said.When asked why this lab will be established in Mahabaleshwar, Kulkarni said, \"Mahableshwar is a strategic location and gives good opportunity to study clouds. We will be able to study clean and unpolluted clouds. Mahabaleshwar being situated in the western ghats range 1438 meters (4710 ft) above mean sea level, the cloud bases in the monsoon season are between 1000-1500 m above mean sea level. The clouds are at the surface here, which provides an opportunity to study them. In addition, the monsoon clouds formed over the Arabian sea arrive first at Mahabaleshwar. Thus, the clouds are clean and unpolluted,'' he said.\"Also, Mahabaleshwar area offers high variability in rainfall, with maximum rainfall of 500 cm to minimum of 50 cm. While Mahabaleshwar has more than 500 cm of rain there is very little of rain in Mandhardevi located only 30 km away, which provides an opportunity to study how winds interacting with mountains produce such variation in rainfall,'' he said.The laboratory will have state of the art instruments to study clouds and carry out continuous monitoring, undertake radar observations of clouds, collect data from automatic weather stations and undertake continuous rainfall measures.Meteorological balloons will be released to get information on temperature, wind and humidity. Thus, the study will help in understanding the interaction of clouds and environment.Kulkarni pointed out that IITM Pune has undertaken the national experiment 'cloud aerosol interaction and precipitation enhancement experiment' (CAIPEEX) to understand the complex interaction of cloud and aerosol using aircraft for the last five years.The observations have been taken from different parts of the country during monsoon season. But it has its limitations. For example, it is expensive and requires logistic arrangement like landing area, among others. Whereas in this study, continuous observation during monsoon can be undertaken.\"Under this study, long-term observations will help in climate impact studies. At present, continuous cloud microphysics data is not available. This data will help to know about climate change,'' he added.The ministry of earth sciences (MoES) sanctioned the proposal in February 2010. Out of 17 guntha land reserved for the meteorology department, state government allotted 5 guntha land, near the existing IMD observatory building at Mahabaleshwar in April 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13439828", "title": "Dhoni's knock was turning point of the match: Harbhajan", "text": "BANGALORE: Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh has admitted that it was Chennai Super Kings skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni's whirlwind 20-ball 51-run knock that proved to be the turning point of the IPL eliminator.Thanks to Dhoni's blistering innings, the defending champions romped into the second qualifiers with a comfortable 38-run victory over Mumbai Indians on Wednesday.\"Dhoni's knock was the turning point of the match and if we had got him out earlier, the match could have gone in Mumbai Indians' favour,\" Harbhajan said after his team crashed out of the IPL 5.\"The crucial 50-odd runs from Dhoni's bat took the game away from us,\" he added.Harbhajan also said that losing four wickets between 7-12 overs also turned out to be costly for his team.\"We lost Sachin Tendulkar and Dwayne Smith in two overs. In next few overs we also lost Rohit Sharma and Dinesh Karthik. They are core of our batting lineup and losing them in quick succession had put the team under pressure,\" he said.Insisting that things could have been different if Rohit had batted till the 18th over, Harbhajan said, \"We didn't want to be five down in 13 overs when we are chasing 180,\" he said.Chasing the stiff target of 188, Mumbai could muster only 149 for nine in their stipulated 20 overs with opener Dwayne Smith (38) being the top-scorer.Mumbai skipper also said that the Super Kings were a better side as far as both batting and bowling were concerned.\"In first two overs we picked up two early wickets and were in the game till the ninth over. We didn't bowl as well as we should have,\" said Harbhajan.Chennai were 47 after nine overs but they amassed 140 runs off the last 11 overs to set Mumbai a stiff target.Mumbai Indians started their chase well, but could not capitalise on the good start provided by their openers.\"We didn't play good cricket, but Chennai played much better cricket than us and they won,\" Harbhajan said.Stating that the Mumbai outfit were confident of chasing down the target, but things didn't go well for the team in last four overs while bowling, Harbhajan said, \"As an unit we were committed to chase this target because we had chased 170-odd runs against Bangalore in the previous game here.\"Harbhajan also said that it was one of those days when Mumbai Indians didn't click as a team.Asked whether decision to chase was a good ploy in a pressure match like the eliminator, Harbhajan said Mumbai Indians focussed more on winning than worrying about the outcome of the toss.\"I don't think I would have done something different after winning the toss. Even if I am given a chance tomorrow I would still like to chase here because it has small boundaries and it's not difficult to get ten runs in an over on the good batting track.\"Even Dhoni told after the toss that he would have opted to bowl first,\" said Harbhajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13417318", "title": "Four Navy ships in South China Sea to mark Indian presence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite getting out of oil exploration blocks in the South China Sea, India is keen to maintain a strong role for itself in the region.Four Indian Navy ships, INS Rana, Shakti, Shivalik and Kurmak are currently scudding across the South China Sea on their way to Shanghai, where they will arrive for a goodwill visit in a couple of weeks. This week, two of the four ships -- INS Rana and Shakti -- have been saying hello to the Philippines navy in Subic Bay. Two others, Shivalik and Kurmak, are calling at Haifong in Vietnam. Philippines and China have been on a faceoff in the past few weeks over territorial rights over Scarborough Shoal, in an area that is believed to be energy-rich.Meanwhile, on May 28, officials from ONGC Videsh (OVL) will meet their counterparts from Petro Vietnam in Hanoi to look at energy cooperation after OVL pulled out from Block 128 in South China Sea. The joint cooperation committee was set up as part of the energy agreement during the visit of Vietnamese President Truong Tan Sang to India in October 2011.The Indians have paid a $15 million exit fee to Petro Vietnam for getting out of the block. The energy body was initially intended to explore ways of getting OVL the BP stake in South China Sea. As it turned out, the stake went to BP's Russia arm.But sources said India continues to have a strong interest in South China Sea, because this is key to India's Look East policy. In July, Indian and US officials will hold discussions on a key project in southeast Asia -- an East-West Mekong connectivity corridor. Envisaged as a trilateral project with Japan, this project intends to set up a multi-modal transport and trade corridor from India, traversing Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia and Laos , ending in Vietnam. Japan has recently stepped up its funding commitments to this corridor.However, China is much ahead with its own connectivity plans -- although these run north-south -- and has done much to put a grid of connectivity in the Mekong region in southeast Asia.Apart from naval exercises, India and China are stepping on the gas diplomatically as well. On June 6, foreign minister S M Krishna will travel to Beijing to represent India as an observer at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) meeting. This year, with the prospective presence of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad at the conference, India will have a chance to interact with China on Iran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13425332", "title": "Two trains delayed as Island Express breaks down", "text": "COIMBATORE: An engine repair in Island Express, which broke down at Morappur near Dharmapuri, delayed the arrival of the Nilgiris and Cheran Express trains at Coimbatore railway station on Wednesday morning.Island Express starts from Bangalore and goes to Thiruvananthapuram via Coimbatore and Kanyakumari. It broke down at Morappur near Dharmapuri due to an engine repair. Engine drivers and engineers who tried to rectify the fault had little success.As it was a single track route, Nilgiris Express and Cheran Express travel the same track and thus had to stop midway. There was a delay of a couple of hours. It took a while for Salem engineers to arrive and correct the engine fault. Cheran which was supposed to arrive at 4.45am arrived at 6.15am and Nilgiris arrived at 7.30am instead of 6am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13422361", "title": "Ad hoc promotions to mamlatdars, other officers", "text": "PANAJI: The state on Wednesday initiated ad hoc promotions for a period of one year. Senior and junior scale officers have also been posted/transferred.Maya Pednekar, joint mamlatdar-I, Mormugao, is now deputy director (admin), PWD, relieving Pushpalata Arlekar, dy dir (admin), GMC, of extra charge. Varsha Mandrekar, jt mamlatdar-I, Quepem, is chief officer, Bicholim municipal council, with additional charge of forest settlement officer (North), HQ, Valpoi. She relieves asst dir of mines Raju Gawas of both additional charges.Anju Kerkar, jt mamlatdar-II, Pernem, is under secretary (Revenue-I) relieving asst dir, mines, Parag Nagarcenkar of extra charge. Nagarcenkar is now also dy collector and SDM, Bicholim, relieving Levinson Martins, OSD, CM, of extra charge. Martins will however hold additional charge of MD, Goa handicrafts, rural and small scale industries corporation, relieving Nikhil Dessai, MD, GTDC, of extra charge.Mamlatdar (S Goa collectorate) Bhushan Savoikar is dy dir (admin), agriculture, with additional charge of dy commissioner, CCP. Mamlatdar (N Goa collectorate) Sheru Shirodkar is dy collector and DRO, North.Tiswadi mamlatdar Gourish Kurtikar relieves Ashok Rane of extra charge of asst commissioner, commercial taxes. Bardez mamlatdar Brijesh Manerkar is dy registrar (tech), cooperative societies, relieving Ajit Panchawadkar, under secy, GSIC, of additional charge.Section officer Sushma Kamat, is under secy, finance (exp). Section officer Maria D'Souza is under secy (health II) relieving Hanumant Toraskar, under secy (ind and lab) of extra charge. Commercial tax officer, Margao, Santosh S Kundaikar is dy dir, panchayats (South), with additional charge of asst commissioner, commercial taxes.Ponda BDO Arvind B Khutkar is dy dir (admin), animal husbandry and veterinary services. Pipi T Murgaonkar, BDO Bardez-II, relieves B S Kudalkar, under secy (health-I) of extra charge of asst dir (admin), SDCT. Salcete BDO Sagun R Velip is dy collector, Dharbandora, with additional charge of dy collector (LA), South. He relieves Deepali Naik, asst commissioner, excise, of additional charge.Surendra Naik, under secy, fin (exp), relieves Mahesh Corjuenkar, dy collector (rev), North, of extra charge of dy collector and SDM, Tiswadi. Francisco Ferrao, dy collector and DRO, North, is SLAO, MPT. Irene Sequeira, dy dir (admin), animal husbandry and veterinary services is comunidade administrator, North. Pravin Barad, dy dir, panchayats (South), is comunidade admin, South.Devidas Gaonkar, asst commissioner, commercial taxes is dy registrar (admin) coop societies. Meghana Shetgaonkar, dy dir (admin), agriculture, is addtional deputy collector (rent control) Mapusa. Damodar Shanke relieves M B Kumthekar, custodian of evacuee property, of extra charge of member secretary, Goa state human rights commission.Agnelo Fernandes, add dir, panchayats-I is CO, Mormugao municipality. S G Korgaonkar, add commissioner, commercial taxes, is now commissioner. Linette Ferrao, MS, GSCW is also MS, Sanjay school society. Dipak S Dessai, CEO, khadi and village industries board is also add dir, panchayats-I. Dattaram Sardessai, jt secy (health) is also jt secy (protocol).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13420154", "title": "Illegal agents, railway staffers block tatkal reservation", "text": "YAVATMAL: Common citizens in need of urgent travel are finding it difficult to get tatkal reservation due to nexus between unauthorized agents and some staffers of the railway.The agents reach the railway station after midnight and write down the names of their customers on all the three lines. First 5 persons in three queues naturally get reservation. Needy commuters standing in queues for 3-4 hours have to return home without getting tatkal reservation.A fortnight ago, there was an altercation between the agents and an armyman over the seniority list. The situation was about to go out of control when a senior citizen alerted the cops. Charlie commandos arrived on the scene and pacified the warring groups. Their strength has gone up to 15, but their presence at the railway station from 7.30am is of little help as unauthorized agents continue to operate.The railway station has computerized reservation system for all the trains across the country. But agents have made it difficult for the common people to get reservation.Recently, one of the members of the Divisional Railway Users Consultative Committee (DRUCC) paid a surprise visit to the station half an hour before the commencement of reservation. The member was surprised to see that the agents had even finalized a place in the queues. The Charlie commandos were mute spectators.The DRUCC member then approached stationmaster NG Nimkar who expressed helplessness.After a complaint was lodged, the DRUCC member was invited to Mumbai as part of the inquiry that followed. He went there and narrated the problem to the senior commercial manager's office at Mumbai CST. The officials assured that they would take up the matter with Bhusawal office under which Yavatmal station comes. Consequently, two railway cops were deployed for a week's time. After their return, the agents were back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418822", "title": "Pay compensation to affected owners: Jaipur development commissioner", "text": "JAIPUR: To expedite the process of developing the Transport Nagar scheme at Sikar Road and Ajmer Road, directions have been issued by the Jaipur Development commissioner to pay the compensation to the owners whose land has been acquired.During a review meeting on Wednesday, JDC NC Goyal also directed the authority to remove the encroachments on the proposed area for the scheme at Sikar Road.An official said, \"The locals have encroached upon the land where the main road of the Transport Nagar scheme is proposed to be constructed. Directions have been given to remove these before June 10.\"The Jaipur Development Authority had acquired around 1000 bigha land on the Sikar Road in the year 2000. It had spent nearly Rs 22 crore to develop road, and drainage system in the area.Similarly, the JDA had acquired 110 hectare land in two phases at Ajmer Road.The officials have been asked to organize a camp and provide compensation to the affected owners before June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424472", "title": "Water cuts in parts of Pune", "text": "PUNE: Most parts of the city will get no water on Thursday because of electrical work to be carried out at the Parvati waterworks, Warje waterworks and SNDT waterworks.The areas likely to be affected include all the Peth areas, Dattawadi ward, Rajendranagar, Deccan Gymkhana, Shivajinagar, Bibvewadi, Sahakarnagar, Satara road, Dhankawadi, Katraj, Erandwane, Kothrud area, Baner, Balewadi, Sus, Bavdhan, Mhalunge and Aundh.\"The water supply will resume on Friday morning,\" said a statement issued by the Pune Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13429160", "title": "Election results for CDCC bank's executive body delayed till June 12", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Election results for executive body of Chandrapur District Central Co-operative (CDCC) bank were withheld following technical glitch. Now the results will be declared on June 12 and till then present executive body will hold the charge of the bank.Elections for the post of president, vice president and honorary secretary of bank were held on Tuesday. There was direct fight between panels of MLA Vijay Wadettiwar and former president Adv Babasaheb Wasade. Santosh Rawat, Sanjay Singham and Prabhakar Dive had filed the nomination for president, vice-president and secretary's posts respectively from Wadettiwar panel.Wasade panel pitted Ravindra Shinde for president's post, while Digambar Gurpude and Ulhas Karpe were candidates for vice president and secretary. There are 28 directors in the bank. Candidates from Wasade panel got 14 votes, while those from Wadettiwar's panel received 13 votes in polling for all three posts.Meanwhile, Subhash Raghatate's vote was taken in sealed envelop as per directives of court. Raghatate's case for discontinuation of his directorship is pending with court. While court has allowed Raghatate to vote, but had claimed that his vote should be opened on June 12 after court takes a decision. Hence the results of the election were withheld till June 12.Wasade group, however, claimed of their victory as Raghatate belongs to their panel. Babasaheb Wasade said that declaration of the result is mere formality as Raghatate is on their side. Wadettiwar group maintained that they would continue to hold the power in bank until results are officially declared. SDO Shetal Ugle shouldered the responsibility of election officer.Adv Wasade had joined hands with Yuvashakti Sanghatna led by Kirtikumar Bhangadiya for the election. Bhangadiya played key role in garnering majority's support for Wasade group in CDCC bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13426068", "title": "Adakarian promises power-packed plays", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Adakar Manch, a city-based theater company, is ready with its annual theatre festival 'Adakarian-2012', which will be staged in the auditorium of Postgraduate Government College-46, Chandigarh, from May 25 to 29. The festival comprises five acclaimed productions of Adakar Manch, all written and directed by Dr Sahib Singh.The festival will open with 'Baat Suhe Fulan Di', a play based on Rabindranath Tagore's two stories- 'Victory' and 'Once there was a king'. An amalgamation of music, dance, stage craft, costumes, poetry and drama, the play revolves around the wrong decisions of the rulers.The second play to be staged on May 26 is 'Jungle Bolda Hai', which narrates the miserable plight of the tribal populace living in central India, by bringing forth the destruction caused to their natural way of life by multinational companies.The stage would only get more intense with the fest's progresses as 'Aad Kuari' is to be performed on the third day. Based on Rashpinder Rashim's story, this play throws light on the hypocrite attitude of the society, in which kids are molested and virgin girls are considered a goddess. 'Aad Kuari' is the story of a girl who gets raped by her uncle and is then made a goddess.Next in line would be the 500th staging of 'Ikko Raah Sawalarah' on May 28. A story of the farmers living hand to mouth under the unjust system of debt and interests, this play is one of the milestone works by Dr Sahib Singh.The fest will close with 'Rang Tamasha', which brings forth the thought process of a theatre person. The story describes the joys, sorrows and dilemmas of a theatre artist.The plays would begin at 6.45pm every day and entry would be free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444653", "title": "Anandi &amp; Shiv\u2019s chance encounter in Balika Vadhu", "text": "The love between Anandi ( Pratyusha Banerjee) and Shiv (Siddharth Shukla) seems to be blossoming in Balika Vadhu.In tomorrow's episode, Anandi in a chance encounter, will bump into Shiv at the temple and will be shocked to see him clad in a dhoti-kurta . Siddharth Shukla confirmed the news and said 'Yes I will bump into Anandi at the temple where I'll be giving daan-dakshina on the occasion of my mother's birthday. Shiv, being the chivalrous man that he is, offers to drop Anandi home and she accepts. On their way en route, they bump into Tej Singh and both he and Anandi are not happy to see each other and Shiv marks this observation.Meanwhile, Jagya (Shashank Vyas) will turn down an interview offer because he will be horrified to see the hospital's run down condition. That's when Gauri will tell Jagya to take up the job and not judge the hospital by its appearance. Will Jagya listen to Gauri's advice and take up the offer? Shashank aka Jagya remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440479", "title": "Vit D deficient mothers have chubby babies", "text": "Children tend to have more body fat during childhood if their mother has low levels of Vitamin D during pregnancy, a new study has revealed.Low vitamin D status has been associated to obesity in adults and children, but little is known about how variation in a mother's status affects the body composition of her child.Decreased vitamin D status is common among young women in the UK, and although women are recommended to take an additional 10g/day of vitamin D in pregnancy, supplementation is currently not routine.The researchers have compared the vitamin D status of 977 pregnant women with the body composition of their children.The results from this study showed that the children who were born to mothers who had low vitamin D status in pregnancy had more body fat when they were six years old.The study which was conducted by scientists at the MRC LEU, University of Southampton included 977 women.The Southampton Women's Survey is one of the largest women's surveys in the UK.\"In the context of current concerns about low vitamin D status in young women, and increasing rates of childhood obesity in the UK, we need to understand more about the long-term health consequences for children who are born to mothers who have low vitamin D status,\" said Sian Robinson, Principal Research Fellow, at the University, who led the study.\"Although there is growing evidence that vitamin D status is linked to body fatness in children and adults, this research now suggests that the mother's status in pregnancy could be important too.\"An interpretation of our data is that there could be programmed effects on the fetus arising from a lack of maternal vitamin D that remain with the baby and predispose him or her to gain excess body fat in later childhood. Although further studies are needed, ourfindings add weight to current concerns about the prevalence of low vitamin D status among women of reproductive age,\" said Robinson.This study is part of a wider body of work by the MRC Lifecourse Epidemiology Unit into how the factors during pregnancy might have a long-term effect on childhood growth and development.\"This is a wonderful example of multi-disciplinary research using the unique clinical and biochemical resource provided by theSouthampton Women''s Survey. The observations that maternal vitamin D insufficiency might be associated with reduced size at birth, but accelerated gain in body fat during early childhood, add to the considerable amount of evidence suggesting that vitamin D status during pregnancy may have critical effects on the later health of offspring,\" said Cyrus Cooper, Director of the MRC LEU.This study has been published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13426880", "title": "Rookies making a mark in the IPL", "text": "CHENNAI: 'Yatra prathiba avsara prapnotihi' - 'Where talent meets opportunity'. The inscription on the Indian Premier League trophy could not have been more apt.Since its inception the tournament has transformed the lives of a number of youngsters, turning them into superstars virtually overnight. With millions of viewers watching, no performance goes unnoticed. This edition of the IPL has given us a few notable success stories - of players with minimal first class experience coming to the fore on the big stage.Debabrata Das is one such player who is yet to play a first class game but has been a vital cog in the Team Kolkata wheel.Das won Kolkata a couple of matches, the most notable being against Chennai at Chepauk, when he kept his nerves in the last over to hit R Ashwin over mid-wicket to help his team finish in top-two.Gautam Gambhir is extremely hopeful about Das and when asked about the right-hander's performance in the IPL, his state (Bengal) coach WV Raman said: \"Debabrata has been a part of the Bengal side in the limited-over format for quite some time. He just hasn't got the opportunity yet in the longer format. But he has done justice to the role that has been given to him (to score quick runs in the latter stages of an innings) in the IPL.\"Another Bengal boy who has done reasonably well in the IPL this season is medium-pacer Veer Pratap Singh, who turned out for Team Hyderabad. The IPL was his first brush with cricket's shortest format at the senior level.Veer Pratap has the knack of taking wickets at the right time and his tally of 10 from nine matches stands him in good stead in the days to come. Raman had words of praise for the youngster, who has played just two first-class games till date.\"He is a very promising prospect. We must not forget that he is still very young. For someone so young and inexperienced, he has done very well. He can only get better. Interacting with a bowler like Dale Steyn would have been very helpful and I hope he has made the best use of it,\" Raman said.Much like Veer Pratap and Das, another player who has made a mark is Team Punjab's Gurkeerat Singh. The feisty right-hander's 29 not out off just 12 balls against Hyderabad brought this youngster into the limelight, but Gurkeerat doesn't want to get carried away.\"It didn't bother me that I hadn't played a first-class game before IPL. My job was to make the best use of the opportunity and I think I have taken a step in the right direction,\" Gurkeerat said.Mayank Agarwal, too, hasn't played a single first-class match yet but turned out in every game this season for Team Bangalore. It included an explosive innings of 64 not out off just 30 balls against Team Mumbai.When asked about the experience, he said: \"It gives you a lot of confidence when you get to play all the matches for a star-studded team like Bangalore. I've performed decently but I know I can still do better.\"Mayank's fielding, too, has also caught the eye. \"Being a good fielder is a must. I work hard on my fielding and look to get better every day,\" the 21-year-old said.He also mentioned how senior players and foreign stars in the team are helpful and spending time with such greats \"taught me a lot\".   THESE ROOKIES DON'T CRUMBLE Player Match Wickets Best Average Economy Strike Rate Veer Pratap Singh9102/3129.608.7020.4 Player Match Runs Best Average Strike Rate Gurkeerat Singh58629*28.66165.38 Mayank Agarwal1622564*20.45142.40 Debabrata Das1512635*42.00135.48", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "13445174", "title": "Terrorists using Facebook as recruitment tool: Expert", "text": "SYDNEY: Terror outfits are using social networking giant Facebook to recruit loners from Western nations like Australia to their cause, a leading counter-terrorism expert has claimed.Bill Paterson , the Australian Ambassador for Counter Terrorism, said that terrorists have embraced the rise of technology, the internet in particular, to spread their messages and attract followers.\"Established terrorist cells have found social media to be a useful communication tool - Facebook, Twitter, that sort of thing,\" News.com.au quoted Paterson, as saying.\"Facebook can be a recruitment tool (but) Twitter is more for operational communication,\" he added.Paterson stressed that social media has also encouraged the rise of home-grown terrorism, particularly among 'disaffected loners sometimes on the margins of society,' adding that Norwegian mass killer Anders Breivik is a prime example.He also pointed out that in democratic countries where internet censorship is seen as an 'infringement of freedom of information' or a breach on civil liberties, stopping terrorists from communicating on social media is difficult.\"If you're in an authoritarian country you just do it but you can't in a country like Australia,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440194", "title": "'Satyameva Jayate' inspires sarpanch to act against female feticide", "text": "Aamir Khan's highly acclaimed Satyameva Jayate has inspired a sarpanch in a Rajasthan village to register police cases against women and families who go for tests to detect and abort the girl child.\"Illegal sex determination is rampant in the Shekhawati region (Jhunjhunu, Churu and Sikar districts),\" sarpanch Randheer Singh of Budania village told IANS.The village, some 200 km from here, is home to some 5,000 people.Randheer Singh said a six-member committee had been formed to keep a tab on pregnant women.\"After watching Aamir Khan's TV show Satyameva Jayate on female feticide, I felt that awareness in Rajasthan is not enough,\" he said.\"Checking female feticide at the village level is necessary to save girl children.\"He said that auxiliary nurses and midwives know about almost every pregnant woman in villages.\"If a woman is found involved in illegal sex determination and abortion of a girl child, an FIR (First Information Report) will be filed against her with the police,\" Singh said.\"If she is forced to abort by her in-laws, similar action will be taken against them also,\" he said.According to the 2011 census, Rajasthan has 883 girls in the 0-6 age group for every 1,000 boys. The child sex ratio in 2001 was 909.The Rajasthan government has taken several measures to end illegal sex determination tests. It has hiked the amount of money given to people who complain about errant ultrasound clinics.Aamir Khan , in his programme telecast May 6 that drew record audiences countrywide, highlighted a sting operation done seven years ago by two journalists to expose growing female feticide in Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418856", "title": "Install silent tracker in sonography machines: High court", "text": "JAIPUR: In a significant step towards checking female feticide, the Rajasthan high court on Wednesday directed the state government to install the 'silent tracker' system in all sonography machines.The system enables online monitoring of the sonography machines and, thus, helps the government authorities to detect cases of female feticide.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice NK Jain-I passed the interim order while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an advocate SK Gupta. The government argued that it would require at least six months to install the system in all sonography machines across the state, but the bench allowed only four months to put the system in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13421669", "title": "Cop's family suspects foul play", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a head constable, posted in crime branch's economic offences wing at Police Training School in Malviya Nagar, was found outside his barrack on Wednesday. On May 3, Munish Hooda, 22, posted with the 7th battalion of the armed police, was found dead in a water tank on the terrace of his barrack. Four days later, a constable, Dinesh Yadav, was shot dead by his colleague with a self loading rifle after a minor argument at the complex.\"We are investigating the matter and waiting for the post mortem report to ascertain details,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP south. Police say the constable, Vishram Meena, had consumed a lot of alcohol probably because his son did not clear the Delhi Police constable level examination - the results of which came out on Tuesday - and could have fallen down accidentally.The postmortem was conducted at AIIMS on Wednesday after the family members of Meena arrived. Vishram's nephew, Rakesh said, \"We suspect that somebody hit him on his head and pushed him down. If he fell flat on his face, his face should have injury marks. We have seen the body and found that he has suffered injuries on his head and legs. We also noticed a cut mark on the left side of his neck.It could not be an accident.\"The family also said that Meena did not have any problems that could have driven him to suicide. Meena had got promoted just a few months back, they said. The spate of deaths at the training school has had cops posted there puzzled. They said the first incident, in which a constable's body was found in a water tank, has not been solved yet.Officials said that Old Malviya Nagar police training complex has a chequered history. It was way back in 1983 that the training school shifted to Jharoda Kalan, making way for a police colony housing 512 flats. Besides the 2,000 odd residents there, the complex houses two crime branch units (after the offices were shifted from Nehru Place recently). However, it's the Delhi Police's 7th battalion that's in the thick of things. The battalion, used for VIP protection, has had several incidents of outbursts in the past. \"The living conditions are pathetic. Worse, holidays are hard to come by and the duty rosters keep changing,'' said an officer who has spent two years there.Amazingly, even as the EOW office has shifted from the area to Mandir Marg and officers deputed to other police jobs, few have ventured out of the area. Most prefer travelling several kilometres for duty. \"Getting police accommodation is very difficult. This is one of the few places where one can live with one's family,'' added another officer. The long hours of duty coupled with the travelling only adds to the frustration, making officers more vulnerable to sudden bursts of emotion.These days, as most officials will vouch, the complex is waiting with bated breath for results - that of appointment to posts of constables, head constables and higher ranks.\"Most of their kin - including their own children - are in the race. The police camp has been tense this month and the latest death, feel many, is a result of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13421041", "title": "Neta illegally supplying power to 21 neighbours", "text": "NAGPUR: It is usual to see slum-dwellers drawing power illegally from overhead wires. But few know that some slum-dwellers pay slum lords, instead of the power distributor, to get electricity. City power franchisee Spanco discovered one such network in Savitribai Phule Nagar at Manewada. Spanco officials suspect that there are many more such illegal 'mini-franchisees'.The network in Savitribai Phule Nagar was being run by Ramesh Telang, a leader of RPI (Kamble) party. Telang had contested the civic polls in 2012. Sources in Spanco said that he was pilfering electricity from the incoming service wire to his house and supplying it to 21 slum-dwellers in the neighbourhood. He had laid an illegal network of wires to connect the 21 houses and used to collect between Rs 100 and Rs 200 from every house per month.Spanco's vigilance squad found that Telang's meter was faulty and was registering extremely negligible reading since April 2006. Sources said Telang is a local strongman and didn't allow vigilance personnel of MSEDCL to enter the premises to check the meter. A similar thing happened with Spanco's men.When the Spanco vigilance team went to Telang's house on Wednesday, he threatened the personnel with dire consequences. Then he made threatening phone calls to senior officials. The company officials, however, with the help of MSEDCL police seized the wires used to supply Telang's neighbours and disconnected his supply from the pole.Telang's power theft was assessed at Rs 6.56 lakh and an FIR was lodged at MSEDCL's police station in Gaddigodam. However, instead of paying up, Telang has reportedly started laying the illegal supply network again and is tapping the service line directly.Spanco sources said that when they asked some consumers why they had not taken legal connection, they said that a MSEDCL line staffer had told them to get power from Telang. One official claimed that some consumers, at least those having very few appliances, were paying Telang more than what they would have been billed for legal connections.The company is now planning to organize a service connection camp in the slums so that residents can get legal connections. Then they would not need Telang's services any more.Senior vice president of Spanco Kaustubh Dhavse said his company's squad had detected such a network and action had been taken against Telang. \"I suspect that more such networks exist but we will crack down on them all. This is one of the ways to reduce losses, which is very important.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13425805", "title": "Ban or not, construction on at full swing in Kansal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Construction is going on in full swing in the Sukhna catchment area of Kansal despite court orders imposing a ban. In some cases, houses near demolished structures are coming up. The Mohali district administration had carried out a demolition drive two days ago and had asked residents to stop new constructions. Most of these are over one kanal plots.When the TOI team visited the area on Wednesday, labourers were seen busy in construction work even though most residents knew that it been banned following court orders. These labourers said they were building houses as contractors and owners had asked them to complete the work as soon as possible.Right from the entrance of a society, Sukhna Enclave, to where a big construction company was developing a housing society one could see construction work on in full swing. In some houses walls were being cemented, while in some work of laying tiles was being carried out.Although most construction companies developing housing societies in the area have stopped work, individuals have not and a house located next to a Tata project is being constructed openly. Construction work is being carried out in C-Block and the Gobind Vihar colony in Kansal that falls under the Sukhna catchment area.Leena Sachdeva, a resident of Kansal said she had gone for morning walk and was surprised to see that despite the ban, construction was being carried out. Simranjit Bajwa, another resident said he feels lucky that he had completed construction of his house a couple of years ago but rued that people had not stopped construction even after the Supreme Court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13446414", "title": "Petrol price hike: Opposition unites to call for all India bandh on May 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government is all set to face a united Opposition onslaught on petrol price hike and price spiral as efforts are on to forge a larger political consensus for a Bharat bandh on the issue on May 31.While the NDA has given a Bharat Bandh call for the day, the Left parties have decided to observe an 'All India Protest Day' on May 31 that will include strikes, picketing, demonstrations, rasta roko and rallies against the hike.Sources in the Opposition camp said that efforts are also on in rope in the UPA allies like Trinamool Congress and DMK, who have opposed the fuel price hike yesterday.JD-U president Sharad Yadav has also talked to Left parties and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav in this regard, while attempt is on to take BJD and AIADMK also on board for the May 31 agitations, the sources said. Samajwadi Party is supporting the UPA government from outside.A leader from the Opposition speaking on the condition of anonymity said that the attempt is to re-enact a scenario of July 5, 2010 Bharat bandh, when opposition parties from north and south with conflicting ideologies like that of BJP and Left had coordinated their agitations to oppose the fuel price hike.Rejecting government's argument that the hike in petrol prices has been done by petroleum companies as the pricing of petrol stands deregulated, Yadav said, \"This is an eyewash... We (NDA) are going to observe a Bharat bandh on May 31.\"In a press statement, the Left parties, CPI-M, CPI, RSP and All India Forward Bloc said that the Left parties strongly condemn the steep increase in the price of petrol.\"This is a savage attack on the people, who are already suffering from the effects of continuous price rise of all essential commodities...In order to build a sustained movement to demand a rollback of price hike, Left parties have decided to observe an All India Protest Day on May 31,\" it said.Clearly, it does not want to precipitate a crisis with a knee-jerk response on the eve of the presidential election and then the Lok Sabha polls.CPI-M general secretary Prakash Karat said that steep hike in the petrol price was expected.\"That is why we said yesterday that government should not increase the prices otherwise we would conduct all India protests. We will continue the protests till we get the government to roll back the prices,\" Karat told reporters here.He said that the Left has called for a hartal in different states. \"We are having different protest actions,\" Karat said.Opposing the steep hike in petrol prices and spiraling prices of commodities, the JD(U) president said the government has also been a \"total failure\" in checking prices of essential commodities.\"Government has washed its hands off the decision on price hike but in reality this happens only when government wants. The government will also be increasing prices of diesel and LPG after the Presidential elections get over,\" Yadav said.He asked why the hike in petrol prices was not announced when Parliament was in session and why oil companies did so the very next day after the Budget session got over.The NDA convenor said that while all the partners of his alliance have already been consulted on the issue of bandh, efforts will also be to reach out to other parties for the agitation as the matter is not a political one but that concerns common man.While Congress has so far officially reacted cautiously on the issue saying that it was a decision by the petroleum companies, party leaders speaking on condition of anonymity have expressed discomfiture with the move.In a sudden development, oil minister S Jaipal Reddy today cut short his official visit to Turkmenistan by a day to be in the national capital to field questions on the steepest ever increase in the fuel price a day after state-owned oil companies hiked petrol price by a massive Rs 7.54 a litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423766", "title": "If you live in a highrise, solar panel is must", "text": "KOLKATA: After dillydallying for nearly a year, the state government on Wednesday approved the policy on generating power from renewable energy sources.This makes it compulsory for multi-storey buildings to have solar panels installed on the rooftops for power generation. According to state power minister Manish Gupta, building rules in the state have to be amended to make this happen and talks are on with the urban development and environment departments.Power generated has to be transferred to grid and residents will draw electricity from it. The additional amount will be adjusted in their monthly bills.Gupta said that according to the energy regulatory commission, by March 31, 2013, generation from renewable sources has to be 260 MW from the current 193.64 MW, which is the installed capacity.Total potential of power generation, including all sources of renewable energy, by 2022 is 2206 MW. Target cumulative capacity at the end of the 12th year plan, by 2017, has been set at 587 MW and by the end of the 13th plan, in 2022, is set at 1865 MW. If the target is not met, then there will be heavy penalty.The policy, cleared on Wednesday, was prepared by an expert committee appointed by the state government with members like S P Gon Chaudhuri, former adviser to the state power department, among others.Sources to be tapped are wind power, mini and small hydro power, waste gas from steel plant and coke plants (cogeneration sources), rice husk (bio mass), municipal waste and solar power.For those setting up renewable sources of power, there will be huge financial benefits from the government - the generated power units would be purchased at double the actual cost.PricewaterhouseCoopers was a consultant for preparing the draft of the policy and it was funded by the British government's development aid agency Department for International Development ( DFID ).It took ten months to prepare the draft and it was finally submitted to the government in April. On Wednesday, the policy was cleared by the state cabinet committee on infrastructure and industry.The policy has both long-term and short-term objectives along with the scope, focus areas and strategies.West Bengal Green Energy Development Corporation (WBGEDC) will be the nodal agency to facilitate investment in renewable energy and grid connected renewable energy units in the state. West Bengal Renewable Energy Development Agency (WBREDA) will promote new renewable energy technologies through 'demonstration' projects.The policy also has instructions on how the infrastructure could be set up for all renewable energy sources like solar, wind, biomass, small hydro etc. It also lays down how land could be used for a renewable energy project. \"Permission to use vested land will be for 30 years or the time till which the project will function, whichever is less.\"The vested land should be handed over to WBGEDC, which will lease the land to developers. Allotment would be cancelled if the project does not begin within stipulated time.Whoever acquires the land - the developer or the government - shall offer 1% of the project cost for rehabilitating those who are displaced from the project area and for local development like setting up schools and hospitals.Also, a center for excellence under WBREDA would be set up in association with prominent state institutions. The Centre will offer training to those employed in the sector and also offer courses for skill development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13424398", "title": "Bus service to Myanmar on Cabinet\u2019s agenda today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A weekly bus service between Imphal and Mandalay in Myanmar could soon become a reality with the Cabinet expected to consider the proposal on Thursday. The move to start the bus service is in line with the government's Look East policy to strengthen India's relations with its eastern neighbours. It will also open the trade route to southeast Asia.The government plans to introduce the bus service between Raj Bhawan in Imphal and Mandalay (579 km) every Monday and the route has also been proposed. The stretch between Imphal and Moreh (NH-39) is mostly two-laned and is motorable in all seasons while one-third of the 470 km stretch in Myanmar is motorable only in the dry season. New Delhi may consider providing support to repair and maintain the road from Monywa to Kalewa in Myanmar.Recently, a high-level delegation of road transport and highways ministry had visited Manipur to assess the feasibility of the proposed service.The bus service is expected to improve people to people contact between the two sides and will also boost trade relations between the two nations. At present, trade between India and Myanmar is around $1.5 billion and is expected to cross $3 billion by 2015.Indian traders are allowed up to 16 km from the border inside Myanmar for trading and similarly, Myanmar traders are allowed passage up to 16 km inside India.The transport department of Manipur government had proposed that there would be a transit point at Moreh/ Tamu border where passengers would get down from one bus and board another. This is due to the fact that while left hand driving is the norm in India, Myanmar follows right hand driving. The state also proposed that the local transport department may be authorized to issue permits to \"reputed and resourceful private\" transporters.There is a proposal that Myanmar government would set-up a visa office at Imphal to facilitate issue of visas for passengers in Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424199", "title": "Funds stuck, forts' repair work delayed", "text": "PUNE: Repairs and restoration work at the two forts around Pune - Rajmachi and Lohagad - will have to wait a little longer, as the repair funds, which were to be given to the Archaeological Survey Of India (ASI) by the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), have still not found their way to ASI's kitty.While an MTDC official said they were waiting for the necessary documentation needed prior to depositing the funds of Rs 4.20 crore, an official with the ASI said the relevant documentation or the block estimate was sent to the MTDC about two months ago and that the repair amount should have come by now.While confusion between authorities prevails, the impending monsoon will only worsen the condition of the two forts, as it will further delay repairs, many of which are for the safety of tourists.An ASI official said the two forts are in a dilapidated condition and need urgent repairs. \"Development of Rajmachi and Lohagad are part of the fort circuit development project of the MTDC. The sum of Rs 2.10 crore each was to be deposited with the ASI after we sent the block estimate to the MTDC. The block estimate is a plan that delineates the repair work needed at the forts along with the estimated cost,\" said the official, adding that the block estimate was sent to the MTDC about eight months ago and that the repair amount should have come by now.The ASI official said, \"Repairs cannot be undertaken during the rainy season. If the amount is deposited soon, then the monsoon period can be used to complete the tendering process.\"He said the restoration process will only start after official procedures and documentation are taken care of. The official procedure includes sending a block estimate to the MTDC, which will then sanction the estimate and deposit the funds with the ASI. This is followed by the preparation of a detailed estimate of the repairs to be undertaken by the ASI, among other things.The two forts need restoration of their fortification walls and walkable approach pathways. \"The approach ways for both the forts are rugged and difficult to walk on. No repair works have hitherto been undertaken in Rajmachi, hence it needs to be restored as soon as possible. Security measures for tourists are also required in both the forts, such as a pipe railing on the valley side of the fort to ensure the safety of visitors,\" the official said.The official added that at Lohagad fort, the fortification wall was broken in several places and the approach way was weathered. \"Also, restoration of the broken structures at Lohagad fort, a teak wood door at Bajrang Darwaza, distilling the water cisterns and fixing a pipe railing around the 'Vinchu kata' there for tourist safety have been proposed,\" he said.At Rajmachi fort, the missing fortification wall in the Manoranjan fortress needs to be restored, and many ruined structures have to be cleaned and exposed out of years of debris. \"The approach road here is broken and unwalkable. In addition, a portion at the main entrance of the fort has fallen off completely, and needs repairs,\" said the ASI official.An MTDC official said they have not received the block estimates for any of the two forts from ASI. \"In fact, we have deposited over Rs 7 crore for restoration works in Sindhudurg and Vijaydurg, but the ASI has not begun work. We need to have the block estimates for the two forts before depositing the funds,\" he said.P roject for Udhewadi villageThe MTDC has planned to undertake a pilot project at Udhewadi village located at the base of the Rajmachi fort. \"There are about 22 houses in this village. As part of the pilot, we would develop tourist accommodation, water supply, toilets, signages, etc, here. The plan is to place a plinth on an open land in the village and erect some tents there for tourists. Besides providing the aforementioned amenities, the villagers in the 22 hutments will cater to the tourists and earn revenue,\" said the MTDC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423839", "title": "Better pay for chiefs, councillors of 13 civic bodies", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet on Wednesday hiked the honorariums of chairpersons and councillors of the state's 13 municipalities by 3,000.Accordingly, chairpersons of 'A' type municipalities will now receive 9,500 from the earlier 6,500, while its councillors will receive 8,000 from the earlier 5,000.In 'B' type municipalities, chairpersons will get 8,500 from the earlier 5,500, while councillors will now get 7,500 instead of the earlier 4,500.In 'C' type municipalities, the chairpersons will receive 8,000 instead of the earlier 5,000, while councillors will receive 7,000 instead of the earlier 4,000.The government had last increased these honorariums in 2009. The latest increase is expected to cost the exchequer an additional 45.5 lakh approximately.\"The increase has been done in tune with the increase in the cost of living,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons after the cabinet meeting.He said the government has also cleared the file seeking an increase in honorariums to panchayat members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13421512", "title": "Packers and movers company asked to pay Rs 50,000 for goods damage", "text": "MUMBAI: A district forum has ordered a movers and packers company to pay Rs 50,000 as compensation to the wife of a merchant navy officer after their household articles were severely damaged while being transported from Dehradun to Mumbai in 2008.Preeti Shankar and her husband had paid Agarwal Packers and Movers Rs 20,225 for transporting some of their household goods from Dehradun to Mumbai. A total of 34 articles were delivered to the company on April 21, 2008. The company had assured Preeti's husband that the goods would be transported to Mumbai within a week. The articles were delivered on May 2, 2008.Preeti alleged that during transportation, the goods were severely damaged-the sofa set, dining table and chairs and wooden rack were all mangled. She then complained to the company about the manner in which the articles were handled during transportation and sought a compensation of Rs 23,270. Preeti also asked the company to replace all the damaged articles. But the company did not respond to her e-mails.On October 6, 2008, Preeti sent a legal notice to the company and it responded a fortnight later. However, the company refused to comply with all of Preeti's demands. On April 9, 2009, Preeti filed a complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum.In its reply, the company said that the goods were damaged as the vehicle transporting the articles had met with an accident and not because they were negligent. Further, it contended that the articles were very old and purchased in 1991-92 and their value had considerably diminished by 2008.However, the forum did not accept this defence and said that since the furniture was made of teak wood, its value would have only increased over the years. The forum held the company guilty for deficiency of service and said that because of its negligence, the Shankars had to face severe hardship and inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13423301", "title": "J&K; interlocutors\u2019 report may be made public today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jammu and Kashmir interlocutors' report, which was submitted to the home ministry over seven months ago, is likely to be made public on Thursday.The 120-page report will be uploaded on the home ministry's website. Five copies of the report, which rules out return to the pre-1953 position in the state and suggests setting up a constitutional committee to review applicability of all post-1953 laws, will be kept in the Parliament library.Sources in the ministry said \"a nine-page executive summary\" of the report, with seven annexures, had been prepared. It is also likely to be made public on Thursday, they said.Home minister P Chidambaram, who was in Srinagar on Wednesday to review the security situation in the state, is learnt to have sounded out J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah about making the report public.Making it public at a time when an Indian delegation is in Islamabad for home secretary-level talks assumes significance as the interlocutors have also pitched for making the Line of Control (LoC) \"irrelevant\", suggesting that the door can also be open for Pakistan and separatist Hurriyat Conference to join the peace process.\"Though Kashmir is not on the agenda of the talks, such recommendations will send a positive signal showing how India can approach the issue if the stakeholders in J&K; are willing to enter into a permanent settlement,\" an official said.Interlocutors Dileep Padgaonkar, Radha Kumar and M M Ansari had submitted their report to the ministry in October last year. The ministry had formed the team in the wake of youth unrest in J&K; in 2010 and gave it a year's time to suggest ways to arrive at a 'permanent' solution to the Kashmir problem.An official said, \"The report will also be discussed with all major political parties before taking decisions on 'sensitive' recommendations, if any.\"Ruling out a return to the pre-1953 position in the state when the Centre had authority only over three ministries (defence, foreign affairs and communications), the interlocutors are learnt to have said that any attempt to pitch for autonomy like what was there before 1953 would create a dangerous constitutional vacuum.As an alternative, they suggested setting up a constitutional committee - headed by an eminent jurist and having members from the state and other parts of India - to review \"applicability\" of all central laws and articles of the Constitution that are currently extended to J&amp;K.;Stating that once the review process of the committee was ratified by Parliament and the state legislature by not less than two-thirds majority, the report said Parliament would make no new laws applicable to the state unless these related to the country's internal and external security and its vital economic interest.The committee, however, would keep in mind the status of J&K; under Article 370 of the Constitution while coming out with its recommendations which must, in any case, be reached through consensus in the state assembly and Parliament.The interlocutors also suggested replacing the word \"temporary\" from the heading of Article 370 with the word \"special\" as has been used for other states under Article 371, appointing governor from a list of names prepared by the state government in consultation with opposition parties and holding fresh election within three months if Article 356 is used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13438579", "title": "The unique mark", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The India Design Council has decided to grant the India Design Mark for selected products. The India Design Mark was launched on January 12, 2012. It symbolises excellence in form, function, quality, safety, sustainability and innovation and communicates that the product is usable, durable, aesthetically appealing and socially responsible.On the occasion, Anand Mahindra , vice chairman and managing director of Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, said, \"India Design Mark will provide a unique distinction to Indian products in domestic as well as global markets as products that are designed in India for the world. It will help Indian and global consumers to confidently buy Indian products as they can be assured of design excellence and quality.\" He invited Indian manufacturers to apply and get India Design Mark for their products.Prof Pradyumna Vyas, director of National Institute of Design, said, \"This is a big moment for Indian design and Indian industry. Good design improves the lives of people and India Design Mark is a step in that direction. Embracing design is essential to improve national competitiveness as design contributes significantly to our culture, environment and economy.\"India Design Mark is the highest design recognition from the Indian Government through India Design Council. The symbol can be used in a wide range of ways, such as advertisements, catalogues, product packaging, and other promotional mediums.In order to achieve the India Design Mark, the products must be assessed in two stages. While, 20 senior designers from across the country acted as the jury for stage 1; for stage 2, nine eminent professionals went through the entries. About 31 entries have qualified for the India Design Mark based on the product's aesthetics, user-potential, innovation and social responsibility.The received applications were consumer durables, FMCG, furniture equipment under domestic category; machines and tools, commercial furniture and equipment, industrial products, transportation and communication equipment under industrial; lifestyle, art and culture under recreation and medical devices, public products and systems under welfare.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13426793", "title": "A little piece of Lahore that makes young \u2018n\u2019 old nostalgic", "text": "A line drawn a couple of kilometres from Ludhiana may have defined borders and changed the world for most people. But on either sides there are some things that have become vestiges of another time, another place. TOI traces a few of these legacies of Partition in the city that trigger memories on this side of the borderLAJPAT RAI MARKET: Walking zig zag between vehicles and people at Lajpat Rai Market near Clock Tower, it is easy to walk past the Lahore Book Shop without much incidence. But, that is only for the uninitiated. For everyone else, the not-so-fancy bookstore is a legacy of the Partition and a destination in itself.Ludhiana's literature lovers file into the shop, go through the piles of books stacked one on another and find their pick before heading out with a smile. They say the store is a faithful witness of change while sticking to its roots.The year was 1940, the place Lahore and Jiwan Singh, who had just finished post graduation in English, had many career opportunities staring him. He could have a cushy government job or work as English professor in any college of the time. But Jiwan decided differently and started the ''dicey'' business of publishing Punjabi literature. His motivation was the desire to promote Punjabi and help students easily get books in the language.Three generations down, Singh's venture has become a family business that his grandson is taking forward. And in the last 70-odd years, the book store has become a brand in itself.''Before Independence, we had two shops by the same name on Nisbat Road and Mohanlal Road, in Lahore. My father could have taken a lucrative government job but he chose to publish Punjabi literature,'' said Tejinder Bir Singh, who joined the family business in the early 70s. But that was not the only eye brow-raising choice the Senior Singh made. ''Though there were many publishers in English, Hindi and Urdu, nobody was publishing in Punjabi at the time. My father took it as a challenge and was successful,'' he said.In 1947, after Partition, Lahore Book Shop shifted to Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424312", "title": "Auto drivers plan rally to Gandhinagar on June 8", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Autorickshaw drivers have decided to take out a rally from Ahmedabad to Gandhinagar on June 8 to register their protest against the recent hike in CNG prices.The drivers who held a meeting on Tuesday decided to form a separate committee to spearhead their campaign - \"fight for justice\". The committee, said the drivers, will be apolitical in nature and will hold no allegiance to any union. The drivers also decided that a meeting of all rickshaw drivers will be held in the city on May 27.They said that the state government should immediately ask the companies to withdraw the hike in the CNG prices. It was decided at the meeting that if the state government did not withdraw the hike in CNG prices, the 1.25 lakh families of the rickshaw drivers will vote against the BJP .Association members opined in the meeting that with the number of rickshaws increasing in cities like Ahmedabad, the state government should put a ban on giving permits for new rickshaws.They said they do not want any more increase in the fare as the number of passengers travelling in rickshaws had already started decreasing. Association member Vijay Makwana said, \"Many drivers felt at the meeting that earlier they used to get about 30 passengers a day but now the number has fallen to 20 passengers a day.\"The members said a further increase in the rickshaw fare would further decrease the number of passengers, may be to the level of 15 passengers a day. \"So the hike in fuel price should come down,'' they said.Makwana said that to garner support for the meeting and the rally, small group meetings would be organized among rickshaw drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424482", "title": "Traffic woes on D H Road after trucks overturn", "text": "KOLKATA: Traffic movement on Diamond Harbour Road went haywire during the peak hours on Wednesday morning with two stone chips-laden trucks chasing each other falling on their sides, blocking the southbound flank of the busy D H Road. One of the drivers, who was later identified as Mohammed Arman, died after getting trapped below one of the trucks. The other driver is battling for life at a city hospital.Preliminary investigation revealed that both the trucks were trying to overtake each other on D H Road in the wee hours on Wednesday. Around 2.30am, the drivers lost control over the wheels and both the vehicles fell on their sides. This blocked the southbound flank of the road forcing the traffic police to divert the vehicles making a channel along the stretch meant for northbound vehicles.A fire brigade wrecker was pressed into service for rescuing the trapped drivers. However, Arman, a resident of Dankuni, succumbed to injuries at SSKM Hospital. Chattulal Shaw, the driver of another truck, was taken to a local hospital where he is battling for life.Local sources said, even though the incident took place early on Wednesday, there was no attempt to remove the trucks. \"So, the situation got complicated. There was an unnecessary delay in dispersal of traffic and this led to disruption in vehicular movements in Mominpore during the morning peak hours.\" The trucks could be removed only after 11 in the morning, but it took almost two more hours for the cops to restore normal traffic movements.In another incident, a luxury taxi dashed a bicycle on Lockgate Flyover near B T Road. The injured motorcyclist, Sarok Behra, 25, was taken to R G Kar Hospital. The driver of the taxi is absconding.from 9.30 to 10.30 am, the road got badly choked with traffic. The city police made diversion. The south bound vehicles were diverted along Alipore Road and Burdwan Road. Later trucks were removed, but it tooks two more hours to normalise the traffic movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418887", "title": "BCCI snub hurts Dilip Vengsarkar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) may have bought plenty of goodwill by shelling out around Rs 100 crore as one-time payment to former Indian cricketers who missed out when the game wasn't as rich and monetarily rewarding as it is today, but it seems to have ruffled a few feathers even with its noble intentions.On Wednesday, it emerged that Kirti Azad, part of India's World Cup-winning team in 1983, won't get the benefit because of speaking out against the Board publicly. Azad joined his World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev and Mohammad Azharuddin, who find themselves out of this benefit - derived from the India Premier League (IPL) coffers - due to various reasons.Some other top cricketers too have been kept out of the list of beneficiaries. Former India skipper Dilip Vengsakar, batting star Gundappa Vishwanath, ex-India stumper Syed Kirmani and the gutsy Mohinder Amarnath will not get the booty - which is up to Rs 1.5 crore for cricketers who have played more than 100 Tests for India - because the board says it has already organized benefit matches for them.This is clearly a weak logic, since the benefit ties for these cricketers were organized at a time when such huge returns from the game were unthinkable. Due to this stand by BCCI, Vengsarkar and Kirmani miss out on Rs 1.5 crore each, Viswanath loses Rs 1 crore and Amarnath will be deprived of Rs 75 lakh.\"It is nice of the board to honour those who have done a yeoman's service to Indian cricket. The BCCI has done a fantastic job here. But when you want to honour people, do it honourably. I hope that they decide to honour everybody and rectify this error,\" Vengsarkar told TOI on Wednesday.It is being alleged that most of the cricketers who will benefit from this scheme have had their benefit matches, though these matches were held at a time when it was the cricketer who had to arrange for everything in order to make the maximum out of his benefit tie.When TOI contacted former India skipper Chandu Borde who received his share of benefit on Tuesday, the ex-India chief selector said, \"In earlier days one had to do everything on his own to organize a benefit match for himself, with the board just sanctioning it and agreeing to stage the match.\"In 1975, India played a couple of ODIs against the West Indies as benefit games for ex-India skipper Ajit Wadekar. \"I requested the Windies team, in which I had many friends, to stay back in India for the games. It was nice of them to have agreed to do so. I had to arrange for the ads, souvenirs and tickets all by myself. Some proceeds went to noted commentator Berry Sarbadhikari too,\" Wadekar recalled.From 1992, the board decided to organize benefit matches for the players who had represented India with distinction. Vengsarkar was the first beneficiary of this scheme back in 1995, with Amarnath being the next in 1996. Ironically, Vengsarkar, who could get a benefit tie for himself back then because he had played 100 Tests, can't get the 'benefit' being presently doled out now!\"Those cricketers whose benefit matches have been organized by the board are not included in this list (of beneficiaries). The president made this very clear in his statement. There is no need for any clarification,\" board secretary Sanjay Jagdale said.Category 'F' in the list of beneficiaries made out by the board has also caused a lot of heartburn. The ruling that cricketers who have played between one to nine Tests, but only before 1970, will receive Rs 35 lakhs, is being seen as \"extremely unjust\" by most of the ex-cricketers who played a little later than that, since money came into the game much later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13437554", "title": "Balakrishna open for Tamil films", "text": "Balakrishna surprised everyone when he spoke in Tamil at the launch of the first look of his upcoming flick \"Vuu Kodathara Vulikki Padathara\". Sekhar Raj is directing the movie touted to be a fantasy adventure, releasing simultaneously in both Telugu and Tamil. Manoj Manchu, Deeksha Seth and Lakshmi Manchu are cast in the lead in the movie.The ease with which Balakrishna conversed in Tamil amused the journalists who couldn't resist asking him questions about his Tamil language skills. \"Chennai is like second home for me and have spent a lot of my childhood there. I equally fluent in both Telugu and Tamil,\" replied Balakrishna.When asked if he would be interested in acting in Tamil films he replied in the affirmative saying, \"Why not. I would love to work in a Tamil film, provided someone approaches me with an interesting script.\" Vuu Kodathara Vulikki Padathara will be the actor's debut flick Tamil. We will have to wait and see if it paves the way for more Tamil films for the actor. Meanwhile Balakrishna is bracing up for the release of his next flick Adhinayakudu on June 1.Source:123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13423632", "title": "Agricultural studies the order of the day in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: After the plus two results were announced on Tuesday, agricultural studies seem to have caught the attention of the youth in Madurai as the sale of applications at the Agriculture College and Research Institute (AC&RI;) has shot up. According to the college authorities, around 1,200 applications were sold in Madurai with 150 to 200 applications being sold each day. The number of applications sold by this time during last year was just 800 applications, they added.K Vairavan, dean, AC&RI; said the number of students opting for agricultural studies has gone up after the cut-off marks scored by the students have come down this time. Many of the students who opted for MBBS or BDS are turning towards agriculture which has lot of scope, he said. \"The curriculum in agricultural studies covers all the aspects like animal husbandry, dairy farming, agricultural engineering, poultry etc. Students who have studied agriculture can fare better in any of these related facilities besides gaining confidence of starting their own business ventures in agriculture-related industries,\" he mentioned.Interestingly, agriculture seems to be attracting many students who aspire for civil services. Recently, two students from Madurai with agricultural studies' background passed the civil service examination, sources in the college said. Agriculture-related jobs in banking and government sector is another attraction for the students, they added.Vairavan says many of the alumni of AC&RI;, Madurai have passed civil services and government examinations and got posted in various fields. \"Many of our alumni are in defence, postal, police and revenue services,\" he quipped. Besides, banks have started recruiting agricultural officers to sanction crop loans. \"Banks need agricultural officers to estimate the crop loans and their services are felt more than ever as the banks have significantly increased loans for agriculture,\" Vairavan mentioned.Students feel that the possibility of getting into government posts through agricultural studies are easier as the state government has announced several postings in the agriculture sector. \"The state government has started filling up posts in the agriculture sector and we feel that specialising in this subject will provide a lot of job opportunities in the government sector,\" a student from Madurai who came to buy the application mentioned. A Kandadevi from Pudukkottai who bought the application on Wednesday said that she initially wanted to take up MBBS or BDS, but decided on taking up agricultural studies after she scored below 1000. \"I feel agriculture has lot of scope for a student like me who studied biology group,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419872", "title": "TOI No. 1 in Delhi by wide margin", "text": "NEW DELHI: The numbers are in. And no matter how you slice or dice them, you come to the same inescapable conclusion: The Times of India (TOI) is the largest-selling English language daily in the capital by a wide margin, according to the latest Audit Bureau of Circulations certification for the period from July to December 2011.As per the ABC report, TOI's Delhi Edition has a circulation of over 12.72 lakh, which gives it a huge lead compared to the approximately 10.07 lakh copies of Hindustan Times' Delhi Edition.Significantly, TOI also massively outsells HT in the full-price single and combo copies (which are sold as a package deal with The Economic Times and/or Navbharat Times). The average daily circulation of these TOI copies, for which buyers are charged the full cover price, is about 10.69 lakh. That's a whopping 64% lead over HT's figure of about 6.53 lakh full-price copies.The full-price category does not include TOI copies sold to schools at lower prices under the Newspapers in Education programme. Nor does it factor in HT's school copies or HT Edge, a version of HT sold at a much lower rate than the full-price newspaper.Even after these copies are considered, TOI continues to be the leading newspaper, not just in Delhi but even in the larger National Capital Region (NCR). TOI has a circulation of about 9.72 lakh copies in the NCR, which, apart from Delhi, includes Noida, Faridabad, Gurgaon, Ghaziabad and Sonipat. In comparison, HT sells some 9.45 lakh copies in the NCR.In Delhi city alone, TOI sells approximately 9.05 lakh copies, compared to HT's 8.97 lakh. In other words, TOI emerges ahead of HT on every parameter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13427940", "title": "Cops identify woman who invited celebrities to Juhu rave", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have identified a woman who allegedly invited celebrities to the rave at Juhu's Oakwood Premier Hotel on Sunday. An employee of a pub in the same neighbourhood, the woman was present at the party and, officers said, her statement has been recorded.Cops have so far taken down the statements of about 20 people who attended the Sunday night rave. Among them are the actors, son of a former cricketer, the son of an IPS officer from Haryana, and the relative of a deceased film financier. \"We noted their addresses and contact numbers besides their statements,\" said a senior police official.While carrying out the process, the police are verifying if the partygoers attended any other rave busted in the past. Action, officers insisted, will be taken against only those patrons whose Sunday night medical reports test positive. \"Till now, we have come across one person who attended a 2008 rave party at a Juhu-based club. We are waiting to see if his medical tests turn up positive this time for drug consumption,\" the official said.Sources in Juhu police alleged that some celebrities detained from Oakwood had an outburst when asked to submit blood and urine samples at hospitals. \"A couple of celebs refused to tell us their full names initially . They then refused to cooperate with the hospital staff who were taking blood samples,\" said an officer from the raiding team. \"The foreign nationals said Indian laws would not apply to them. We had to explain to them that the procedure had to be followed.\"Most celebrities TOI spoke to on Wednesday denied the police's allegations and asserted that it was, in fact, them who had a harrowing time on Sunday.An event manager maintained that medical tests were conducted in an \"unhygienic manner\" and that he fears catching an infection. \"A blood clot has formed around the area where the syringe was sent into my skin. Men were handed test tubes for collection of urine, but no washroom was made available,\" he claimed.Actor Shilpa Saklani had claimed on Monday that she was shouted at when she told the person collecting her blood sample to label the tube properly. A member of the fashion industry claimed that some women detained at the party were pushed around by cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425825", "title": "Samajwadi Party seeks rollback of price hike", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party , which is giving outside support to the UPA government, has demanded immediate roll back of the petrol price hike.\"We demand immediate roll back of petrol price hike. The decision is anti-people. UPA government has given this 'gift' to the common man on completion of its three years' rule,\" said SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary while reacting to the steep hike in petrol price. He said the party would protest against the unreasonable hike.The state council of CPI while strongly opposing the hike in petrol price termed it a cruel blow to people reeling under inflation. Senior CPI leader Ashok Mishra said this is the biggest ever hike which would adversely affect people. He said the Left parties have given a call to hold protests all over the country against the hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13446602", "title": "JK Asia Series now has European venues too", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just a few days from the start of the second season of the JK Racing Asia Series, the promoters on Thursday announced the addition of European venues - Belgium and France - to the championship.The series, known as Formula BMW Pacific before being acquired by JK Tyres, will have its inaugural race in Malaysia at the Sepang International Circuit this weekend.\"We have dropped China and Indonesia as venues for this season and the races will be held in Spa-Francorchamps and Paul Ricard Circuit in Europe. We don't have resources to go there and race on our own. So we wanted to sensitise the teams there, whose drivers are sitting idle,\" Sanjay Sharma, Head MotorSport, JK Tyres and Industries Ltd, said.\"It's good to have more cars on the grid. The cost involved is huge so this was the route to Europe. Earlier this race was held two parts, Asia and Europe. The Asian part found promoters and the European did not,\" Sharma added.\"The race still remains the same but the subsidy has gone, so now it is with a price.\"The owners of the race are also targeting organising a World Series , hence the expansion to Europe.JK Tyres are also providing a racing opportunity to three Indians kids to showcase their skills in the inaugural race in Malaysia.The kids - Vishnu, Raj Bharat and Sandeep Kumar - have been sponsored by JK Tyres for this race and continuation of their sponsorship would depend on how they fare in it.The sponsorship means that JK would spend close to Rs four crore in getting them drafted into the UK-based team Atlanta Racing.\"We have created this opportunity since last year's Polo Race winner (Vishnu), who actually get a chance to race in Scirocco Cup, could not go due to costly budget.\"We wanted to give another Indian kid - Surya - a chance to race but since he has not completed 15 years, he could not get the license to race,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13427799", "title": "Santosh Trophy: Services break Odisha hearts", "text": "CUTTACK: It was heartbreak for hosts Odisha as they surrendered a one-goal lead to be held 1-1 by Services in their final Group C quarterfinal league game of the 66th National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy at the Barabati Stadium on Wednesday, a game they had to win to seal their progress to the semifinals.They finished with five points while Services, who just needed a point to advance, made the last-four stage after emerging group toppers with seven points.Also progressing to the semifinals were Tamil Nadu, who also needed a draw and managed to hold Railways goalless in their final Group D quarterfinal league game at the Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar. Tamil Nadu had seven points to emerge Group D toppers while Railways finished with five.Services will take on Group A winners Kerala in the first semifinal on Friday before Tamil Nadu lock horns with Manipur, the Group B winners, in the second semifinal at the same venue 24 hours later.In Cuttack, Odisha came out all guns blazing as they put the Services defence under tremendous pressure. They took the lead in the 33rd minute when Odisha's Antu Murmu was brought down in the box by M Dileep and referee awarded the penalty. Gokul Oram converted.Services hit back 10 minutes after the restart when Odisha custodian Saroj Pradhan charged out of his position to collect a cross from the right but missed the flight as it landed at the feet of Services captain Gordon Zoramchhana at the far post. Gordon's shot hit the upright but then took a deflection of an Odisha defender and went in.Odisha fought till the end but failed to disturb the score line any further.In Bhubaneswar, Tamil Nadu could have forged into a first-minute lead had the young U Jayakumar applied better finishing touch to a nice assist from left-winger Shanta Kumar. They had few other chances before Railways upped the ante in the second session in search of the winner but the Tamil Nadu backline stuck to their task and ensure their passage to the next stage.The disciplinary committee meeting of the AIFF to decide the fate of the five players who were expelled in Tamil Nadu's Group D quarterfinal league match against Mizoram on Monday will take some time due to some unavoidable circumstances.But, an AIFF official informed that, with immediate effect, all five players --- Mizoram's Lalchhawnkima, Lalrinfela and F Lalrinpuia and Tamil Nadu's VR Murugappan and R Naveen Kumar --- have been barred from taking part in any football activities till the disciplinary committee meets and takes a decision. That means Tamil Nadu will be missing the services of Murugappan and R Naveen Kumar.Semifinal line-up:On Friday: Kerala vs ServicesOn Saturday: Tamil Nadu vs Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kancheepuram", "code": "13426253", "title": "BDO, 12 others suspended for fund misappropriation", "text": "KANCHEEPURAM: A senior block development officer (BDO) was among 13 government officials, including engineers, of the Sriperumbudur panchayat union, for misappropriation of funds to the tune of Rs 12.86 lakh. Sriperumbudur is an industrial hub about 40 km from Chennai.A suspension order issued by Kancheepuram collector Hanish Chhabra on Wednesday said 13 officials, including BDO V Padmavathy, assistant engineers S Selvi and M Subburaj and road inspector R Lakshmanan, had been suspended with effect from May 22 for misappropriation of the panchayat union general fund for 2011 by preparing false vouchers and manipulating the records. \"It is a big embarrassment. A complete check of the records and other details will be conducted in all panchayat unions in the district,\" said a district administration official.The order followed a writ petition filed by D Yesupillai, president of the Valarpuram village panchayat, in the Madras high court charging the panchayat union officials with misappropriation of funds to the tune of Rs 32 lakh. Admitting the petition on April 27, Justice K Chandru of the high court gave four weeks time for the collector to reply on the petition.Subsequently, a special audit team led by executive engineer (rural development) Arul Jothi Arasan was formed by the collector to conduct an inquiry on the misappropriation charges. The team found that many false vouchers were created and entries made in the records with the result that Rs 12.86 lakh of the tax payers' money was swindled. The funds, officials said, were originally meant for creating concrete assets, including laying concrete roads in 20 villages and sinking borewells in 18 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13427001", "title": "Khalsa college gets new principal", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjabi scholar and educationist Gurdev Singh has been appointed as principal of GGN Khalsa College. Before this Singh was officiating as principal of Government Post Graduate College, Ambala Cantonment. With over two decades of administrative experience, Singh has authored three books and 14 research articles. He has also been nominated as a member on different panels of Kurukshetra University, member board of studies and advisory committee of Haryana government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13416797", "title": "2G, tax row start to put strain on diplomatic ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2G telecom crisis is not just a story of corruption in India's showpiece infrastructure sector. Neither is the Vodafone issue. As these crises drag on, they are beginning to have a diplomatic fallout on India's relations with these nations with implications ranging from the minor to the significant.With the high pitch over the Indian children in Norway now a thing of the past, its time for India to face the heat from the other direction. Telenor, which is also caught in the toils of the 2G scam , is more than a telecom company. The Norway government's pension fund, which is the world's largest sovereign fund, and provides pensions to all Norwegians is deeply invested in Telenor. If Telenor is forced to exit India under a cloud, the effect on bilateral ties can only be imagined. This is no longer a telecom problem, its fast becoming a diplomatic one.Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, foreign minister of the United Arab Emirates is a worried man and his frequent interactions with the Indian leadership is proof of that. The 2G crisis has put Etisalat on the mat, and as investigations and case against them continue, it might begin to impact bilateral ties. The UAE is India's largest trading partner, with over 1.75 million Indians living and working there. Although India is increasing its oil offtake from the UAE, taking business away from Iran to the UAE, the India-UAE relationship could end up bruised. For an Indian government hoping to attract billions of dollars in investment from their sovereign wealth fund, the prospect of worsening bilateral ties is a nightmare waiting to happen.Foreign office mandarins are now expected to practise economic diplomacy with their interlocutors. But, sources said, this will become progressively difficult because India's economic decisions are being taken without keeping foreign policy goals in mind. But the foreign office, which is the first point of contact between these countries and India, doesn't have a seat at the high table. The MEA, or the foreign policy angle, rarely gets a hearing. In the numerous GOMs created to solve economic policy problems, the foreign ministry is not represented in anything more than the ones on Nalanda university and perhaps the UID system.Russia's Sistema , also embroiled in the 2G mess, is owned by one of the closest friends of Russian president Vladimir Putin . Vladimir Yevtushenkov enjoys special privileges as a Putin crony, and the telecom fallout is bound to have diplomatic implications. Although you may not hear about it in public, these issues are now the stock content of bilateral interactions between India and these countries.India's Vodafone decision will definitely have an impact on ties with the UK, no matter how government officials gloss over the matter. This week, Vodafone featured in the UPA's white paper on black money, which has also drawn instant fire.Indian diplomats are as helpless as the officials they confront on the other side of the table and the best they can do is to lend a sympathetic ear. In the rest of the government, these issues are being treated as sector-specific, but only foreign office mandarins can see the growing stain. They will be the ones called upon to clear the mess, but most of the time, their concerns are barely heard by other parts of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429310", "title": "Nagpur University panel for roll back of fee hike from winter exams", "text": "NAGPUR: In some good news for Nagpur University students, a three-member panel has recommended cancellation of fee hike notification issued by NU authorities on May 12 from the forthcoming winter examinations. The Management Council (MC) committee led by chairman Abhijit Wanjari will submit the report to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Thursday at 11am.\"Only the VC has the powers to cancel the notification and now it's up to him,\" Wanjari told TOI after a meeting stretching over three hours. Finance and accounts section had objected to the reduction in fees citing financial burden on NU. \"They have every right to object, as they have to prepare the budget. But if VC clears our recommendations, then changes have to be made in the annual budget,\" Wanjari said.During earlier meeting on Tuesday, panel member Mahendra Nimbarte had demanded roll back of fees from winter exams itself but head of business management department Vinayak Deshpande and Wanjari had proposed to roll it back from 2013 academic session. However, after taking into consideration strong resentment among students regarding 'exorbitant' fee hike, the decision was taken to roll it back from this session itself.The issue, highlighted by TOI in a series of reports, had prompted protests by various student organizations against NU. A couple of days back Shiv Sainiks burned an effigy of vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal while NSUI activists protested with begging bowls. The issue had even rocked the Senate meeting, where it was revealed that NU had collected Rs 56.24 crore from students as exam fees while expenditure on exams was Rs 34.26 crore, resulting in a whopping Rs 22 crore surplus.Sources in NU said that it would be tough for Sapkal to cancel notification of fee hike in view of the stiff opposition from the finance section. It will be interesting to see whether the VC cancels fee hike notification on Thursday or whether he forwards the panel report to the Management Council. From past experience, the decision is likely to take a long time, sources said.There had not been a fee hike for six years before Management Council under then VC SN Pathan took a decision on April 17, 2007, to increase fees every year, by 20% for professional courses and 10% for general courses. Over five years, fees have more than doubled, leading to poor students facing several problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13420710", "title": "Two nabbed with stolen steel worth Rs 35 lakh", "text": "GONDIA: The special squad of Gondia district, led by superintendent of police Chandrakishore Meena nabbed two men of Deopayali village in Deori tehsil for carrying stolen steel worth Rs 35 lakhs. The vehicle and steel were seized by Duggipar police.Due to corruption in construction industry huge quantity of steel and cement remains unused which is sold in black market. Cement is at least kept in godowns but the steel remains on roads or open spaces surrounding working site. The special squad had the information that huge quantity of steel is expected to pass the border near Deori in a few days. So they had laid the trap in village Dewpayali in Deori Tehsil.Around midnight on Tuesday when they noticed the truck moving in suspicious manner they stopped it and when searched it was found to contain steel rods worth Rs 35 lakh stolen from one of the working sites. Offence has been registered against Jamil Afit Sheikh (31) and Mohamad Irfan Mohd. Chouhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13421018", "title": "2 dead in Matador-motorcycle collision", "text": "GONDIA: Two persons from villages near Darekasa died in an accident while returning home on their motorcycle after the weekly market on Tuesday. The two died when their two-wheeler collided with a matador coming from the opposite direction. The driver of the matador has been arrested.Police sources said that Kishore Uikey (40) of village Kular Bhatti and his friend Chhaganlal Watti (33) of village Domatola of Salekasa tehsil had come to Salekasa weekly market on Tuesday on a motorcycle. At about 7.30pm, after they finished their work in the market they started back on the bike. Near Bajaj Showroom at Salekasa, they collided with a matador pick up van coming from the opposite direction. Both Uikey and Watti were seriously injured in the accident.After administering first aid, they were being brought to Gondia but Kishore died near Amgaon. Watti died during treatment at KTS Hospital in Gondia.The driver of the matador, Chandrasen Jangare, who tried to flee from the spot, was nabbed by the mob and handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421405", "title": "Tollywood on horns of a dilemma", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu film industry is going through a peculiar phase this summer as release of a number of big films are being put off. Releasing new ones at a time when some big budget films are still going great guns at the box office could mean courting disaster. At the same time by postponing, the advantage of vacation could be lost. As a result, Tollywood faces the threat of losing crores either ways.In recent weeks, some big budget films have done well at the box-office, including Ram Charan Tej-starrer 'Racha' and the recently released 'Gabbar Singh' starring Pawan Kalyan.Jr NTR-starrer 'Dammu' is still being hyped though the run has not been too great at the box-office. The film, according to sources, is said to have been released at less than the cost of its production. Exhibitors could not remove the film from theatres yet due to the collections being at a level that prevent them from taking such a decision.Because of the three films occupying a large number of theatres, the release of another big budget movie 'Daruvu,' starring Ravi Teja , had to be postponed. The film was originally scheduled for release on May 18 but has now been postponed to May 25. Similarly, the release of the much-awaited 'Eega,' directed by Rajamouli, has been put off to June 6 from May 30.Though Rajamouli announced the postponement of 'Eega' citing delay in computer graphics, there is a 'commercial motive' behind the decision. The filmmaker is looking at the availability of a large number of theatres for its release and competition to weaken so that the collections would not be affected.The release of another big budget film, Balakrishna-starrer `Adhinayakudu' has got postponed, but this is for entirely different reasons. The film has run into financial problems. According to Tollywood sources, film producer M L Kumar Chowdhury has dues to clear in the industry.As per Tollywood convention, until all payments that are due to artistes, technicians and everyone related to the film, are made, the laboratories where the movie is processed cannot handover the prints to the producer. In Kumar Chowdhury's case, there were dues pertaining to some previous films.While producers have their own calculations for not releasing the films or cite problems for not being able to stick to the schedule, exhibitors are not complaining. \"When some films are already doing well and the collections are good, we are not too eager for more releases. We do not want movies to clash with each other. If releases are spaced out, it is good for the industry,\" reasoned Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce president M Vijayendar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440151", "title": "Music in Vijay Prakash's genes", "text": "Singer - composer Vijay Prakash is going great guns. Within a short psn of his career, he has sung for Ilaiyaraja, A R Rahman , Harris Jayaraj , Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, Vidyasagar and Vishal-Shekhar among others.On his entry to playback singing, he says, 'When I reached Mumbai in 1996, I was a stranger in the city. I dropped out of engineering college to pursue my passion for music. The man who shaped my career is Suresh Wadkar. I've had a slow and steady growth. My advice to all singers would be, no matter how good you might have performed in the past, it is the present that counts'.His popular songs include Jai Ho ... ( Slumdog Millionaire ), Hosanna ... ( Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa ), Beera beera ... ( Raavan ), Kaadhal Anukkal ... ( Enthiran ), Assku Laska ... ( Nanban ), Kandhon Se Milte Hain Kandhe ... ( Lakshya ) and Sooni sooni ... ( Cheeni Kum ), Anbe Sivam , Swades , Yuvvraaj , Naan Kadavul , Aravaan , Engeyum Eppodhum ...Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13421758", "title": "Govt to go all out to woo foreign filmmakers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rolling out the red carpet for foreign filmmakers, India plans to establish a one-stop shop for all permissions and promotions. The I&B; ministry hopes to set up a Film Commission that will facilitate international filmmakers who want to shoot in India.Currently, filmmakers require a minimum of a dozen permissions including visa clearances, security clearances, permissions from local municipal and police authorities besides permissions to shoot at heritage sites, railways, near border areas or sensitive installations.Despite great locales and significant interest in the international filmmaking community, India is yet to make its mark as a shooting destination. A case in point is the latest James Bond movie that could not be shot in India due to delay in permissions.The commission is expected to plug these gaps to provide quick clearances. Film commissions across the world provide the complete range of pre-production services, acting not just as a general resource but also as a clearing house for information on locations, crew, talent, facilities, stages, equipment and support services.As of now, the film commission will be set up in conjunction with the tourism ministry to facilitate use of locations in India. The government is also looking at incentive packages that can be offered in terms of tax exemptions. It is estimated that the cost of setting up the commission will be about Rs 5 crore.The National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) has been in talks with film industry representatives regarding this. While film industry representatives appear keen on the idea, the delays and coordination with various ministries could be the crucial component.Film industry representatives have pointed out that shooting of films facilitates generation of greater employment and use of local resources including hotels, transportation, local labour for film shoots and restaurants which, in turn, promote tourism. Increased tourist inflow inevitably contributes to growth of local economies like the impetus given to Ladakh after Raju Hirani's 'Three Idiots' and Spain after Zoya Akhtar's film 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425440", "title": "Dalit memorial's future wrapped in uncertainty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uncertainty looms over the fate of 14 dalit memorials built by the Mayawati government in Lucknow and Noida. The Samajwadi Party government has indicated that these memorials may not get special allocation for maintenance by stopping the renovation and maintenance of Samajik Parivartan Prateek Sthal that comprises two screens and four statues, including those of BSP chief Mayawati and her mentor Kanshiram.Whether the state government will make any provision for the maintenance of memorials would be known during the budget session of UP assembly that begins on May 28.Built at the cost of over Rs 5,900 crore, Mayawati government had allocated Rs 122 crore for the maintenance of memorials in the state budget 2011-12. It included around Rs 76 crore per year required for the salaries of 6000 staff deployed for the upkeep and management of memorials. The maintenance budget (cleaning and repair works) was around Rs 50 crore. The annual electricity bill of the memorials comes to around Rs nine crore.Mayawati had claimed that memorials will attract tourists and instead of becoming a burden on the state exchequer, they would be an asset. But, the sale of tickets at these memorials per month is between Rs 30,000 and Rs 50,000, which means between Rs 3.6 to 6 lakh per annum. This figure is nowhere close to amount required for maintenance, besides other expenditures.Maya government had also formed a society to manage the memorials. The society comes under the state housing department. Sources said after the SP government came to power, the housing department is going by the fact that 'the memorials are new enough for being allocated funds for maintenance'. Moreover, sources said, the employees deployed in these parks may be reduced to a bare minimum - around 1500, while the rest could be shifted to other places of public utility. For example, sources added, Lucknow needs more sweepers to keep it clean. So, sweepers recruited for memorials can be deployed in various parts of the city. AP Tiwari, secretary, Lucknow Development Authority, said: \"We are looking at various options, though it is hard to say anything at present.\"The Mayawati government had created a corpus fund of Rs 200 crore in 2010 for these memorials. The purpose was to bear expenses incurred on the functions organised on the birth/death anniversary of dalit leaders. Sources hinted this corpus could be used for paying salaries to employees, if income from sale of tickets does not meet the requirements. Employees have started feeling the pinch with the change of guard in UP. Their two months salaries have been frozen by the housing department, which is headed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . It was only on Saturday last that the government released fund for payment of salaries after some of the employees staged protest.AMBEDKAR SAMAJIK PARIVARTAN PRATEEK STHALSpreads over an area of around 125 acres. While the budgetary allocation figure stands to the tune of Rs 1362 crores, sources said that it could be much more than that, given the fact that Lucknow Development Authority and Lucknow Municipal Corporation diverted their funds for renovation of the project.Renovation started in June 2007. Despite stiff opposition by the people, Gomtinagar stadium was bulldozed for the expansion of the memorial.KANSHIRAM SMARAKThe magnificent memorial is constructed on the land which was earlier known as Ambedkar Maidan. Spread over an area of around 70 acres, the memorial cost the state exchequer Rs 730 crores. Ambedkar maidan was used for holding rallies and Lucknow Mahotsav. Construction started in 2008.RAMABAI RALLY STHALThousands of villagers of Aurangabad near Bijnor were forced to vacate their land for construction of Rama Bai Rally Sthal. Spreading over an area of 51 acres, the memorial with a statue of Rama Bai and Ambedkar, came up at a cost of Rs 655. But for a few political rallies organised by Mayawati, the sthal has not been of much use. 900 employees were deployed for its maintenance. Construction started in 2008.BUDDHA SHANTI UPVANConstructed after overnight bulldozing the irrigation colony and Parikalp Bhawan, leaving hundreds of state government employees and their families homeless, the memorial comprises statues of Mayawati, Kanshiram and Gautam Buddha, besides a library on Buddhism. The memorial, along VIP Road, and opposite the Kanshiram Smarak Sthal, was developed on 10.81 hectares at an estimated cost of around Rs 460 crore. The upwan has around 650 employees to look after its upkeep. Construction started in December 2009.KANSHIRAM ECO PARKLucknow Jail was demolished to make way for Kanshiram Eco Park. Spread over an area of around 70 acres, the ark was constructed at a cost of around Rs 1000 crores. Some 1200 employee look after it. Construction started in 2010.The Samajwadi Party government has indicated that these memorials may not get special allocation for maintenance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427511", "title": "Pre-university exams: Arts, commerce passes surge", "text": "BANGALORE: Commerce and arts saw an 8.47% increase each in the pass percentage while only 1.03% more science students cleared the PU examinations this year compared to 2011.This year, as many as 2,64,660 students appeared from the arts stream and 1,34,128 cracked the examination. As many as 1,71,770 commerce students wrote the test and 1,12,829 emerged victorious . Whereas, 1,58,767 students appeared for science, and of them, 92,464 passed.Among the three streams, commerce recorded the highest pass percentage of 65.68%, followed by science with 58.24%. Arts which is a difficult stream to score marks recorded just 50.68%. The pass percentage recorded last year for commerce, science and arts was 57.21%, 53.48% and 42.08% respectively.And then there were centum students and centum colleges. As many as 1,037 students have scored centum in business studies this year compared to 326 last year. The number of students with 100 marks were thrice as much of last year. The number in statistics was 582 against 293.On the other hand, in many science subjects, the number of students with centum fell. Only 241 students got the full marks as compared to 372 last year in maths. For chemistry, the number fell from 177 to 87. However, physics had almost double the number of students with centum.For those who thought getting centums in language is difficult, here is a surprise. The number of students who got the perfect score in Kannada went up to 25 from 6 last year.100% for 32 junior collegesAll smiles for as many as 32 colleges , who recorded 100% result this year. It includes two government PU colleges, four government aided PU colleges and 26 unaided PU colleges. Overall, it's the unaided PU colleges that outshone others with the highest pass percentage of 62.23. The next to follow is bifurcated PU colleges with 61.92% pass percentage . The government PU colleges scored the lowest pass percentage of 49.96%. Twenty-six unaided colleges and one government college in Belgaum recorded zero pass percentage .Minister's daughter scores distinctionJayalashmi Hegde Kageri, daughter of primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri, passed PU with distinction. A Commerce student of MES PU College, Sirsi, she scored 75 marks in English, 91 in Business Studies, 70 in Economics, 94 in Sanskrit, 97 in Accountancy and 98 in Statistics.Rajendra Hegde, principal of the college, said Jayalakshmi (registration No. 720984) passed with a total of 525 marks. Jayalakshmi had studied in Kannada medium school in her village in Kageri and had passed SSLC with distinction. Later she joined the MES PU College in Sirsi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13423217", "title": "CBSE results to be declared today", "text": "RANCHI: A day before the publication of Class X results of the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE), some students stay cool while some are nervous.Freya Ray is very nervous about her results. She said whatever work she was engaged in, result bomb kept ticking at the back of her mind.Similarly, there are many such students who are anxious. But there are a few who are cool and planning for parties after the result. \"Exam times are tough times where we get nervous but not during the publication of the result. So I am quite cool and enjoying my days after the exams. If the results are good, I will enjoy that moment too by throwing parties,\" said Vishal who is eagerly waiting for his results.Like Vishal, his friend Vaibhav Vatsa, who has joined a coaching institute for medical entrance exam, is equally cool and ready to face the results. \"Earlier I used to get nervous but now the grading system has made things quite easier. The only tension I have is of admission for which there will be a rush because seats in all major schools in the city are filled up already.\"There are some who seeks the god's blessings for any auspicious occasion. \"Since tomorrow is the result day, I will visit the Pahari temple which is a famous and old temple in our city. I will also have curd with sugar before I go to check my results,\" said Samar Upadhyay.Parents are equally anxious with the students. \"I am anxious but my family is equally nervous and excited. My mother is continuously saying that our relatives are continuously asking about the results. I hope everything goes well as I don't want to let down my family. If my results are good, I will of course party with my family as my brother has already planned for the party,\" said Mohini from DAV Shayamli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419580", "title": "Long queues at petrol pumps trigger snarls, city fumes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon after the petrol hike was announced on Wednesday evening, petrol pumps in the city witnessed serpentine queues of vehicles. This resulted in traffic snarls across the city with jams being reported from different areas like Sarai Kale Khan and Moti Bagh. Outer Ring Road and NH-24 also witnessed traffic jams. Meanwhile, the steepest ever increase in petrol price - Rs 7.54 per litre - had city residents fuming.Criticizing the government for its poor planning, residents said the government cannot go on burdening the common man.Outraged with the hike, Brahm Singh, a Supreme Court advocate, blamed the government for not focusing on other sectors to boost its revenue. \"If the government is struggling to bring down the inflation figures, it should look at other departments. Petrol prices directly pinch the public, but for the government it is the easiest way to earn money,\" said Singh.Waiting for his turn at the petrol pump at Pragati Maidan, businessman Alok Gupta said, \"The government has become completely insensitive. Already, the common man is under so much pressure due to inflation. A hike of Rs 7.50 per litre is just too much. The way things are progressing, I'm sure that petrol prices will touch Rs 100 soon.\"Upset with the move, most Delhiites felt the government should increase subsidies instead of increasing fuel prices. \"We can't take it anymore. If the government can't run the country, then the PM should step down. It has become impossible to live,\" said Ashish Sood, a businessman.People say that every time they are burdened with price rise, oil companies making profits do not come under the scanner. \"If one checks the balance sheets of oil companies, they will find that they make profits in crores. Because of inadequate public transport facilities, we have no choice but to use private vehicles. In turn, we end up paying so much,\" said Saurabh Jindal, senior manager at a multi-national company.\"This has become a routine phenomenon. Citing inflation, each time the government makes the public pay. This government is inefficient. No wonder the country is reeling under two-digit inflation figures,\" rued Sameer Chopra, a banker.Helpless residents say if the government continues to increase petrol prices, they will have no option but to switch to diesel vehicles.\"We will start using diesel cars though it is not an environment-friendly fuel. This move can go against the government as the general elections are scheduled next year,\" said Jagjit Singh, a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13442394", "title": "RIM\u2019s global sales head quits", "text": "NEW YORK: Research In Motion Ltd's Patrick Spence resigned as head of global sales, marking the latest management change for the struggling maker of BlackBerry smartphones.Spence is taking a job in a different industry following 14 years at RIM, said Rebecca Freiburger, a spokeswoman for the Waterloo, Ontario-based company. The sales team will report to Kristian Tear, RIM's new operating chief, who will start this summer, Freiburger said in an e-mail. Until then, the division will report directly to Chief Executive Officer Thorsten Heins. Heins, who took over in January, is grappling with a sales slump and declining stock price, making it harder to attract and retain talent. As part of his turnaround effort, he named Tear, a former Sony Corp executive, to the operating job earlier this month. Heins also brought in an ex-LightSquared Inc manager, Frank Boulben, as head of marketing. The company is banking on the new BlackBerry 10 operating system to resurrect its smartphone lineup, which has lost market share to Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's Android. RIM's sales tumbled 25 per cent last quarter, with US revenue plummeting more than 50 per cent. RIM's share of US smartphone subscribers shrank to 12 per cent in the period, making it a distant third in the industry, according to ComScore Inc. Android accounted for 51 per cent of the market, while the iPhone had 31 per cent. Sluggish shares RIM's stock rose less than 1 per cent to $11.09 in US trading yesterday, one of only four up days this month. The shares have lost three-quarters of their value over the past year. Prior to his departure, Spence was working on opening BlackBerry stores in markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East, where sales have held up better -- part of a bid to mimic the success of Apple's retail strategy. \"We're being very focused in terms of the countries and cities we're doing it in, based on where the brand is and what we think we need to do,\" he said in an interview last month. Spence said the company has to step up its game in North America with BlackBerry 10 and deliver a product that can compete with the iPhone. \"We've got to make sure we deliver more than we have in the past,\" he said. The Wall Street Journal previously reported Spence's departure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420701", "title": "BJP, Left slam petrol price hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to the steep petrol price hike, the main opposition party BJP demanded an immediate rollback of what it described as a cruel joke on the people. Spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said the hike was \"atrocious and unbelievable\" and announced that his party would launch a stir against the government decision.\"We condemn the petrol price hike and seek its rollback. We will not allow it to happen. A strong democratic agitation is on the cards,\" Javadekar said.Strongly opposing the move, the Left parties called upon their units to immediately launch protests all over the country. \"It is a cruel blow on people who are already suffering from severe price rise. The Left parties have called upon all party units to immediately organize powerful protest actions,\" CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said.His colleague Sitaram Yechury said the move was a \"criminal additional burden\" on people's livelihood.Leaders of the CPI, RSP and Forward Bloc also opposed the move, with CPI leader D Raja saying this was a \"prelude to hike the prices of diesel and other petroleum products\".\"It is a disaster. It will further push up inflation to the skies, dampen prospect of new investments. Cost of production will increase, fertilizers will become costly. In all its totality, it will accentuate the critical economic situation of the country,'' said Gurudas Dasgupta of CPI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13425058", "title": "Tamil Nadu topper may not get into her dream college", "text": "CHENNAI: Having topped the state class 12 board exams, V Pavithra was on cloud nine. She was ecstatic as the score of 1190/1200 would have allowed her direct entry into BITS, Pilani. But, there may be a hiccup. The Tamil Nadu state board usually recognises students with Tamil as the second language on its official list of state toppers even if they have a lower total score. Pavithra had taken up Sanskrit as her second language.\"Ideally, I would like to pursue an integrated course in math and computer science at BITS, Pilani. Although BITS offers direct entry for state toppers, who get admission without appearing for the entrance exam, I don't know if the state board will recognise me as the state topper,\" Pavithra said.On Tuesday, S Sushmitha of SKV Matriculation School in Namakkal was declared the overall state topper with a score of 1189/1200 as she had Tamil as the second language.\"The rule of declaring students who study Tamil as state toppers was introduced by MGR to promote the language among students in Tamil Nadu,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi. \"Ideally, since Pavithra has the highest score in the state and is the first rank holder with Sanskrit as second language, she should be eligible for direct entry to BITS,\" he said.BITS Pilani, which conducts an online entrance exam to admit students to its campuses in Goa, Hyderabad and Pilani, is among the more sought after colleges in the country. Since 2005, the college has offered direct entry into its courses to the topper of every state board, the seven regional zones under the CBSE, the ICSE and other boards in the country.\"The decision to decide the overall state topper is left to the state government. The topper has to get a written confirmation from the board stating that she is the overall first ranker in the state,\" said S Mohan, associate dean of admissions at BITS Pilani. \"We follow what the board tells us. The topper will get first priority in her selection of branch and campus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13438767", "title": "Hunt is on for Parvati in Devon ke Dev\u2026Mahadev", "text": "Triangle Film Company's Devon ke Dev...Mahadev on Life OK is fast gaining popularity for its mythological theme and larger than life characters.Mohit Raina as Mahadev and Mouni Roy as Sati have a wonderful on screen chemistry. But as Mouni's ( Sati ) role comes to an end, the hunt will be on for Parvati. This will be a huge opportunity for our tele actresses. Says producer Nikhil Sinha, \"We are looking for someone who has innocence and purity in her face which Devi Parvati has\".When contacted, Mouni Roy shared her views on being part of the show. Says Mouni, \"It was a tremendous experience and everything about the show is so grand. I had the requisites for the role. I had some amount of innocence and some amount of arrogance. I feel I can pull off any role after this\". Ask her who her favourite co-star is and Mouni replies, \"It has to be Mohit. He's somebody I can have a conversation with\".As the hunt is on for the right Parvati, known faces and newcomers from the TV industry are auditioning for the role. Mouni refused to comment on whether she would be playing Parvati's character too.Well, we will just have to wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13423773", "title": "Computer assistants stage fast", "text": "TRICHY: Members of the rural development computer assistants association staged a one-day token fast to demanding regularisation of duty here on Wednesday.As many as 500 members, both men and women of the association took part in the strike to reiterate their two-year long pending demand to regularise 1785 staff belonging to their association across Tamil Nadu.U Tamilvanan, state president of the association said that in the wake of the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (MGNREGS), the computer assistants were recruited through employment office for data entry work in panchayat unions across Tamil Nadu , since 2007. But they were given a consolidated pay of Rs 4,500 per month since 2009. After a long struggle, the government increased their salary to Rs 7,500.The protesters said that another concerning factor was that besides the regular work, they were involved in other official work as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13440143", "title": "Yousuf hopeful of making a comeback to Test cricket", "text": "LAHORE: Despite being ignored once again by the selectors for the upcoming tour of Sri Lanka, former Pakistan cricket captain Mohammad Yousuf has said that he has not given up hope on making a comeback to Test cricket.\"I want to complete the milestone of playing 100 Tests. There are so many players still active on the international circuit who have played 100 Tests. I have just played 90. I am not disappointed nor have I given up,\" Yousuf told reporters here.Yousuf, 37, who has scored 7530 Test runs at an average of 52, has not been picked since his last appearance for Pakistan against South Africa in the UAE in November, 2010.The selectors have insisted that Yousuf, who has become heavily involved in religion and frequently gives sermons in mosques and goes on preaching tours, needs to first play domestic cricket regularly and prove his form and fitness to warrant consideration for the national team.Yousuf said he was expecting a recall to the Test side for the Sri Lanka tour as he had spent a lot of time in the nets and also underwent a fitness test under the supervision of new coach, Dav Whatmore .\"I was expecting a recall at least for the Tests but it has not come. I'm not disappointed nor have I given up. My ambition is to play 100 Tests like many other greats and I will continue to work hard for that,\" he said.From Pakistan only Javed Miandad , Inzamam-ul-Haq and Salim Malik have played 100 or more Tests.Meanwhile, chief selector, Iqbal Qasim has come under fire from senior allrounder Abdul Razzaq , who has also been ignored by the national selectors since late last year and was also overlooked for the Sri Lanka tour.Razzaq on Tuesday told reporters that he could not expect fairness from selectors who according to him only do their jobs because of public relations.He also insisted that after serving Pakistan cricket for 16 years and still being active in foreign leagues, he didn't need to prove his worth to anyone.Yousuf, who broke the record for most Test runs in a calendar year in 2006, however refrained from making strong comments but pointed out that the selectors also needed to keep in mind a player's background and performances in international cricket while taking decisions.\"My fitness is good for Test cricket and I have been working very hard on it. My ambition for the sport is still there and that is very important,\" he said.Speaking on India Pakistan relationship, Yousuf insisted that throughout his career no contest evoked as much passion among the teams and spectators as an Indo-Pak match.\"The level of cricket and competition is totally different when we play India. That is why I support any move to restore bilateral ties with India. It will be good for cricket if Pakistan and India resume playing regular bilateral cricket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13426573", "title": "RDB band's soul musician and singer Kully passes away, fans stunned", "text": "LUDHIANA: City on Wednesday grieved the death of hip-hop bhangra band RDB's ( Rhythm Dhol Bass) Kuly Ral with fans and other musicians saying they are unable to believe that he will not make any more music.''It is shocking. He was a great guy who created a niche for himself in the music industry at a young age. I knew him very well and I liked his music as well. It is a great loss to the music industry,'' said Inderjeet Singh Nikku, a Punjabi singer based in the city.Boby Prabhakar, a 40-year-old businessman staying in SKS Nagar, said he is a big fan of Kuly. ''I cannot believe he is no more. He was such a great singer who established himself both in the country and internationally,'' he said.Harpinder Singh of Gill Road, who owns a music company, said, ''It is indeed a great loss, he had made so many hits like 'Shera Di Kaum Punjabi', 'Sadi Gali' from 'Tanu Weds Manu' and many more. Kuly, Manj and Suraj were even planning to open a studio in Delhi and Mumbai. It's a big loss for fans.'' College student Surbhi Trikha raved about Kuly's songs ''Aloo Chaat'', ''Singh is King'' and ''Rafta Rafta''. ''They are my all-time favourites,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13420755", "title": "2 Naxals arrested, another killed in encounter", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A Naxalite was killed while two others were arrested after a fierce encounter between the Maoists and security forces at Chhattisgarh border on Wednesday morning in Gadchiroli. Cops have recovered three 12-bore guns from arrested Naxals.The deceased Naxal has been identified as Rahul Durve, who was member of Potegaon dalam. Two arrested Naxals, both women, have been identified as Lacchhi Kawde member of Platoon dalam and Vanita alias Sushila Durve, member of Chatgaon dalam. The action was a joint operation by CoBRA battalion and C-60 commandos.Addressing a press conference, Gadchiroli SP Vireesh Prabhu said that security agencies had received intelligence that a meeting of the three dalams would be held. Accordingly, an operation was mounted.Sources said that C-60 teams of police intercepted the band of Naxals in Bodin-Mungner jungle on Chhattisgarh border around 9.30 am. The maoists attacked the forces and cops retaliated. The encounter lasted for an hour during which Durve was killed. As the police force mounted pressure, the rebels retreated. However, as they began to flee, cops nabbed two Naxals after a chase.Apart from 12 bore rifles, 32 live rounds and Naxal literature was seized from the arrested Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13419449", "title": "Key toll agent arrested at Mulund check nakas", "text": "MUMBAI: Following investigations into last week's raids, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Wednesday arrested a key octroi agent Prasad Sawant alias Pappu from Mulund naka.Police have detained 40 trucks for evading octroi and causing huge losses to the government. The police will call the transporters and the owners of the goods and question them.\"We want to question the owners to know whether they were aware that their trucks were evading taxes,\" said an ACB official .First to be arrested in the octroi scam, Pappu has been booked for cheating, forgery, breach of trust and the prevention of corruption act. He will be produced before a special ACB court on Thursday.Police believe that Pappu is the key middleman, who is the link between the transporters and the octroi officials. \"We have arrested Pappu who had helped several transporters evade taxes. He was arrested from the Mulund naka. We are in the process of arresting octroi agents from other toll nakas,\" added the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13424375", "title": "Campaigning for club poll begins", "text": "BHOPAL: Both the groups have started campaigning aggressively by contacting the members of the club to ensure their victory.Chhabra is leaving no stone unturned to get a re-entry into the executive body for fulfilling the unfinished works during his first term. Talking to TOI, Chhabra said, \"I tried my level best for all-round development of the club. It was clear by the fact that we have got the best badminton and tennis courts.\"The election will be fought this time mainly on discipline, improvement of sports facility and security for members at the club premises, said sources. The club, affiliated to 110 clubs in India and abroad, has just six rooms for its 3,600 odd members. Secondly, there was no auditorium to conduct major functions.Moreover, providing security to its members within the club premises was a big issue. Though the club has introduced RFID card for its members, it was in a beginning stage at the moment. The present requirement for the club includes four snooker tables and more badminton and tennis courts.The rival panel of Chhabra, which comprises mostly sportspersons, is contesting on the prime slogan of promoting sports and other activities within the club premises. Bajaj, who has recently been reinstated as the treasurer of the club after a long legal wrangle, said that he did not want to contest the poll on wrong promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419378", "title": "At first, staff thought it was just a mock drill", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the fire alarm at Punjab National Bank's Parliament Street headquarters went off on Wednesday evening, employees ran for their lives, taking the first available route to safety. While some braved the smoke below and exited through the front door, others climbed to the fourth floor and waited to be rescued. As the building filled up with smoke, people waved for help through the windows of the top floor.Rashmi Mahapatra, employed at the bank for the last two years, heard the alarm and was unsure about the way she should take. While some of her friends chose to climb to the fourth floor, she went down the staircase to exit through the front door. \"We were completely blinded by the smoke on the staircase. No one was guiding us,\" she said.Khyati Upadhyaya, who works on the third floor, took the other route. \"I tried to go down but the smoke forced me to climb to the fourth floor,\" she said. She was one of around 125 people who were rescued using sky lifts and hydraulic platforms.Some employees scaled a wall on the roof to cross over to the UCO Bank building. \"I climbed the steps, jumped onto the adjacent terrace of UCO Bank and made my way down the building,\" said Aditya. He used the temporary staircase running along the sewer pipe on the terrace. \"I was 15 steps away from the exit but could not see anything because of the dense smoke. Fearing for my life, I immediately ran back to the fourth floor. Then, I climbed to the terrace and along with a group of 15-20 people, jumped over to the adjoining UCO Bank building,\" said another survivor.The space outside PNB was packed with fearful relatives. \"I saw the news on television and rushed here. My son works on the third floor,\" said Chandra, whose 23-year-old son was caught inside.Regular fire drills held in the building actually delayed the operation. Bank employees took the initial alarm as a call for yet another mock drill and responded slowly. \"I was on the third floor. On hearing the alarm, we thought it was the regular fire drill. But someone shouted and we saw people running from the fourth floor. We ran towards the ground floor but could not see anything because of the dense smoke,\" said Dhanesh. Vandana Bhaskar said: \"We thought it was a mock drill until we smelled the smoke. We found the reception filled with smoke. We huddled together and escaped through the front door,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13423799", "title": "Cops crack Quepem girl's murder case", "text": "MARGAO: Cracking the murder case of a four-year-old girl from Mumbai, Seema Motivur Khan, whose body was recovered from the elevator well of a building under construction at Quepem on Tuesday, Quepem police on Wednesday arrested Dipak Kumar, 21, from Bihar on charges of killing the child.What makes the crime more heinous is the fact that the child was done to death after being raped by the accused.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas said that the postmortem report of the child corroborates the statements of the accused, who has admitted to having sexually abused her before committing the murder. The postmortem report states that the death was \"asphyxial\" caused \"due to smothering and manual strangulation\" and that there is evidence of sexual assault.The accused, a resident of Begusarai district of Bihar, was staying at a rented place at Igramol, Quepem, and had gone to his friend's place nearby where he stayed overnight. While returning home, he saw a number of children playing in front of a chawl. The children knew the accused as he often used to give them toffees. The accused took the girl along with him on the pretext of offering her chocolates, while others stayed behind. \"However, he instead took her to the nearby construction site, and raped her on the second floor of the building under construction,\" Gawas said.Fearing that the girl would narrate the incident to her parents, the accused decided to get rid of her. He strangulated and smothered her to death. Further, to ensure that she was killed, he then threw her down from the second floor. Moreover, in an attempt to destroy evidence, the accused then tried to cover the face of the child with a sandbag.\"We had zeroed in on the accused hours after the body was found and took him into custody. He confessed only after hours of questioning by the cops,\" Gawas said.Quepem PI Santosh Desai, who investigated the case, said that the accused has been remanded to a seven-day police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423888", "title": "BJP safeguards its image", "text": "PANAJI: Keeping in mind the serious implication on the image of the Bharatiya Janta Party-led government if the Supreme Court order to demolish illegal religious structures is implemented, the state cabinet on Wednesday decided to \"throw open in a public domain\" a \"comprehensive policy\" on illegal religious structures.Ministers discussed and deliberated the policy which sources say will help the government implement the apex court's order.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons after the meeting, \"We have decided to throw the policy open to the public till June 30 for suggestions before we finalize it.\"There are around 979 illegal religious structures identified by the state government in public places. These structures include 534 in the North and 445 in South Goa.The government has decided to accept any suggestion in view of the SC direction \"for better management\".\"After taking all precautions, I will implement it (policy) without hesitation,\" said Parrikar. He added that he has asked that the policy and the list of religious structures should be circulated to panchayats and mamlatdars.\"We will also send a copy to churches, temples and organizations related to these issues,\" said the CM.\"I am taking an additional precaution because I am sensitive and when it comes to the BJP we have to take care,\" Parrikar said.He stressed that the list was \"not done by my government\" and that it was done by the earlier government as per the directions of the SC.He added that the framing of the state policy is necessary in order to prevent unauthorized constructions of temples, churches, mosques, gurudwaras, etc on public streets, paths and other places and to regulate existing constructions which are religious in nature in the above premises in light of the SC order. The latter was passed over a year ago in a special leave petition.Parrikar said the government will take care of all religious structures which existed before the roads they are on were laid.\"All efforts will be made, as far as possible, to save each and every structure or to shift them amicably. After maximum effort, if something cannot be saved I am bound by the Constitution of India,\" said Parrikar.He said that once the policy is finalized then North and South collectors will have \"full powers to act and if they do not then they can be punished directly\".In the past the Sangh Parivar had strongly opposed the demolition of illegal reli gious structures in public places in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422137", "title": "Former Ranji players from Baroda may get pension soon", "text": "VADODARA: At a time when Board of Control for Cricket in India has doled out a part of IPL profits to senior ex-cricketers, the Baroda Cricket Association (BCA), too, is planning to give some of its first-class players their due. The association has several former Ranji players who are not getting pension from the BCCI as they haven't played more than 25 first class matches. BCA management is chalking out a plan to give pension to such players.The management has prepared a proposal to give monthly pension to Baroda's ex-Ranji players who have played less than 25 first-class matches. Sources in BCA said the proposal - though not listed in the agenda - may come up for discussion in the managing committee meeting on Thursday. If approved, it will directly benefit 67 ex-players from BCA who have not played more than 25 first-class games.\"We are planning to introduce pension scheme for such players. They will be given pension for lifetime. But, the management is still working on the details as we need to set aside a huge amount before starting the scheme,\" BCA secretary Sanjay Patel said. He added that it will take some time before the scheme is introduced.\"We want to ensure that the pension continues and the issue of lack of funds never arises. So, everything has to be planned first,\" Patel said. A BCA official said that at least Rs 7 crore would have to be kept aside for the scheme. Sources in BCA said that the management is trying to work out a model for pension payment.\"We are mulling over whether to pay same pension to all those players who have played between one to 25 matches or to have different categories. The management may divide players into categories like one to nine matches, nine to 20 and 20 or more. The ones in more than 20-matches category would get more pension and those in lesser category would get less amounts,\" a BCA official said.The proposal will benefit many ex-players who have been attached with BCA as coaches, selectors and committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13437360", "title": "Imran Khan undergoes surgery", "text": "Imran Khan, who has been busy shooting for Vishal Bhardwaj's next Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola, had to go under the knife at a city hospital close to his home a few days ago.Two cysts were surgically removed from Imran's body by plastic surgeon Dr Anil Tibrewala: one from his head and the other from his arm.A close friend of the actor told, \"Imran has been operated for a sebaceous gland problem.\" Imran wasn't discharged on the day the surgery was conducted. He had to stay in the hospital for more than a day and his wife Avantika was by his side all night. Said the friend, \"Imran was in acute discomfort especially with the cyst in his head. It had become very difficult for him to sleep straight and even comb his hair. It had to be removed.\"Ranbir Kapoor too had a cyst on his lower back and had to be operated in February this year. However Ranbir was discharged within a few hours while Imran had to be hospitalised for nearly 24 hours. A doctor on request of anonymity explained how a cyst can form due to a sebaceous gland. \"Such cysts are not dangerous. But if not removed, they can grow and cause a lot of discomfort. They are formed generally when a sebaceous gland in one's body gets blocked,\" he said. Meanwhile, an official from the hospital, who did not want to be named confirmed Imran's operation under the guidance of Dr Tibrewala.Imran Khan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13425520", "title": "Diesel shortage persists, oil cos struggle to meet demand", "text": "CHENNAI: A shortage of diesel was reported from several parts of the city on Wednesday as oil companies struggled to meet the demand following a snag reported at a refinery in Mangalore earlier. A snag at the CPCL refinery here also added to the woes. Top officials at Hindustan Petroleum said there were enough supplies but added that it would be some time before the backlog was filled and that the problem would persist till June-end.Each outlet which is to get around 12,000 litres of diesel now gets only 4,000 litres and dries up by 2.30pm due to the increasing demand, say fuel outlet owners. While an HP outlet in Teynampet has been without diesel for the last two days, a nearby Bharat Petroleum outlet was dry throughout Wednesday. Employees of a BP outlet in Nungambakkam said there was no diesel since morning and that the problem would persist for the next three days. The shortage is because the city and state are reeling under a power crisis and offices and homes are increasingly depending on generators.The state's diesel consumption has risen from 4.7 lakh kilolitres in January, before the power cuts were introduced, to more than 5.4 lakh kilolitres in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13425993", "title": "Put on dancing shoes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At the tender age of 5, Jasmine wants to dance like Katrina Kaif and to get her moves right she is busy looking for the dance workshops. Like her, Gurmukh Singh, 10, is also searching for a place where he could learn Punjabi folk dance Bhangra as he feels he is already good at tapping his feet on Bollywood numbers and now wants to try something different.To satisfy the need of all young artists willing to dance like Anarkali or Sheela, various classical, freestyle and folk dance workshops have been organized in and around the city. Indo Jazz, Sha-Bop, and Bollywood jazz, funk, kathak would be some of the dance forms taught in most of the summer camps. In some camps dancing would be clubbed with exercise.Talking about the importance of dance for children, Abhay Singh Longia, who will be holding a dance workshop in Chandigarh, said, \"Through dance, children not only learn the benefits of exercising, but they also learn coordination, balance, flexibility, stamina, stability, memory and discipline.\"Parents, on the other hand have their own reasons to choose dancing for their child this summer.A Sector 5 resident, Smriti Kashyap, who is mother of a 4-year-old, said, \"She loves dancing. She starts tapping her feet wherever and wherever she hears music. You cant stop her from dancing even in the market. So I thought this summer, we should let her do something she enjoys.\"Neena Gujral, a resident of Sector 44, too has got her 11-year-old registered for classical dance workshop She said, \"My daughter is very fond of dancing and wanted to learn kathak. She also keeps trying a few steps here and there. So I wanted her to first get familiar with the dance form at a workshop and then take it up on regular basis.\"Talking about importance of summer camps Rajnish Sharma, who is organizing one such camp in Panchkula, said, \"A summer camp provides brilliant opportunity for inculcating a sense of self-reliance among kids. Camps allow us to discover your child\"s learning style and to develop natural talent to the fullest. This is a boost for any child, and in turn is a guide to what may hold the child's future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13421302", "title": "Mumbai man stabs ex-colleague 48 times", "text": "MUMBAI: The Tardeo police have arrested a 23-year-old man for allegedly killing a former colleague by stabbing him 48 times near Diana bridge in Tardeo.The accused, Ganesh Sable, was reportedly jealous of the victim, Vikas Sahu (29), who was close to their employer.Investigators said that on May 17, Sable attacked Sahu 48 times with a sharp object on his face and neck, killing him on the spot. He was said to be in an inebriated condition at the time of the incident.After committing the crime, Sable reportedly did not leave the spot and sat there for around half an hour before a police team arrived and arrested him from the spot, said Tardeo senior inspector A Thakur.Sable was booked for murder and taken into custody.Sable had planned the offence after he left the job on May 5. \"He worked at a ration shop for two months before leaving due to rivalry between the victim and himself. On May 17, after Sahu left the shop, Sable followed him till the Bridge and attacked him with a sharp object,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone III) Kishore Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13438531", "title": "Money matters", "text": "KOLKATA: The Heritage Academy, Kolkata organised a workshop for staff and faculty members on May 4, 2012. Rishi Khator, eminent chartered accountant; Prof Gour Banerjee, principal of Heritage Academy and Pradip Agarwal, CEO of Heritage Group of Institutions, provided insights to those who attended the workshop.The workshop focused on the topic 'Right now: Financial Literacy' where Khator spoke about the ingredients of personal financial planning and financial decision making process which can make one's life happy to overcome difficult situations. \"Right attitude towards money making is the key to a happy life,\" said Khator.The focus was on the right attitude towards managing money for personal satisfaction. \"People tend to make common financial mistakes which result in major losses and one should be very careful when it comes to dealing with personal finance,\" said Khator. He cited some of the common financial mistakes like incurring too many loans, inadequate insurance policies for security, guessing the stock market based on tips which are abundant in the market, spending unnecessarily on luxury, impulsive financial investments and many more. The workshop also depicted the modern investment alternatives available for a person to invest, like mutual funds, exchange traded funds, innovative bonds, initial public offerings, real estates, commodities, gold and many more.\"When the mind is in harmony with the present moment then only happiness in life can be achieved,\" said Khator reflecting on the requirement of right mindset for effective financial management. Khator had also published a book on this topic and presented the same in many other institutes. Such event reminds us of the contributions of Dr Prasanna Chandra, an eminent professor in the field of Investment and Financial Management for making the subject financial management lucid for non-finance executives.The workshop was very simple. The faculty and staff members appreciated the motive behind organising the workshop in the campus. \"Such workshops are very much necessary to know the current financial instruments that are available in the market for effective investment,\" commented one of the participants.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13427782", "title": "Cheating on your partner can lead to heart attack", "text": "LONDON: Cheating on your partner is not just bad for your marriage but can also give you a heart attack, researchers have claimed.The warnings come from Italian researchers who reviewed previous studies on the causes of infidelity and its effects. These showed \"sudden coital death\" to be much more common when a man was meeting his mistress than when he was with his wife. The researchers could not be sure why but put forward a variety of reasons, including a guilty conscience , the Daily Mail reported. The review's authors, from the University of Florence, began by scouring medical literature for research papers including the words 'unfaithfulness' , 'extramarital affairs' , 'infidelity' and 'men' .This provided information about the type of man who is unfaithful and the potential consequences.The analysis showed that heart attacks, including fatal ones, were relatively rare when a man was having sex with his wife at home. But when he started to play away, the dangers grew. German studies show that most men who died during sex were having an affair and meeting away from the family home.Furred-up arteries were blamed for more than a third of the deaths the physical demands of sex are said to cause the fatty plaque that has built up inside arteries to rupture. Liaisons away from home and with younger women are particularly dangerous. The stress of satisfying a woman who is likely to be younger than the man's wife may also be to blame, as can the strain of keeping an affair secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13418576", "title": "Anna wants fast-track courts to prosecute corrupt politicians", "text": "NASHIK: Anna Hazare said on Wednesday that fast-track courts must be set up to clear pending corruption cases and prosecute the politicians. He was reacting to the arrest of minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar in the Jalgaon housing scam.Hazare, who is in Nashik to address people on Thursday, said he was surprised that it took years to dispose of anti-corruption cases and there were 163 cases pending in the courts.\"At present there are 163 cases pending in the courts against corruption. Cases of corruption go on for years. Why not have fast-track courts to dispose of these cases at the earliest,\" Anna told reporters on Wednesday.\"What has the government done in three years of their tenure? They promised corruption-free government to the people of this country while fighting for the general elections. Now, they are not doing anything about it because their people will go behind the bars. On July 25, people will know the government's stand on this issue and also will know who are corrupt. During the next election, they will know what to do,\" he said.He accused the government of doing nothing about rampant rise in black money because it feared that many of its people would be exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418640", "title": "Long queues in pumps after steep hike", "text": "JAIPUR: Petrol prices in the city has jumped up to Rs 76.69 per litre from Wednesday midnight after the government announced a steep price hike of Rs 7.92 giving a major blow to the common man who are already reeling under price rise.On an average, a person travelling by car having a mileage of 15 km/per litre under the existing price, which was also hiked recently, has to spend Rs 5.13 more and a biker whose vehicle has a mileage of 55 km/litre spending Rs 66.77 will now have to bear Rs 1.40 more for the same one kilometre distance.The actual hike in petrol price is Rs 6.28 but with taxes, it has translated into a total of Rs 7.92 in the city. Diesel vehicle owners were relieved as the price of diesel was not touched.As the news of the petrol price hike broke, people thronged at petrol pumps to get their tanks full. A long queue was witnessed at every filling station. \"I was coming from my office and my wife informed me about the hike. So rushed to a petrol pump and after reaching home will bring my bike too,\" said Suraj Kumar, an engineer at a private firm.Considering the huge rush at petrol pumps, police deployed extra personnel and increased vigilance in all major parts of the city. \"There is a sudden panic among the people. Some are unnecessarily creating trouble by breaking queues and threatening the employees,\" said Suneet Bagai, president of the Rajasthan Petroleum Dealers' Association.After the massive hike, a fear of higher inflation has gripped the denizens of Jaipur. \"We are already facing a sharp increase in prices all over. After the increase in petrol prices, it is very likely the pressure will further intensify on the prices essential commodities,\" said Himani Prakash, a government employee.State-owned oil firms, who had in the fiscal ending March 31, 2012, lost Rs 4,860 crore on petrol sales, are currently losing Rs 6.28 per litre on petrol. After including 20 per cent VAT, the increase in petrol price in Delhi comes to Rs 7.53 a litre.The government had last raised the price in December, 2011. In, India the prices of petrol have been deregulated by the Central government but continue to give subsidies on kerosene, petrol, and cooking gas. State-run oil companies have been losing Rs. 8,000 crore per annum because they were being forced to sell petrol at subsidized prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425590", "title": "Caution public against no-parking zones: High court directs DGP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The high court on Wednesday directed UP DGP to ensure regular and continuous announcements to caution people against parking in no-parking zones like Hazratganj. The court also directed the police to act in accordance with law against those who park their vehicles in no-parking zones.The court also sought state government's reply on implementation of Chaubey Committee report. The matter will come up for next hearing in July first week. The order was passed by a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a PIL filed by a former corporator Arun Kumar Tiwari.The petitioner's counsel BK Singh sought court's interference in solving traffic problems in the city. He said Chaubey Committee has suggested ways to deal with the problem but the report is not being implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424145", "title": "Trader get cops crack on goonda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Traders of Shahpur are breathing easy these days. After the long rule of oppression of a particular goonda, Ismail Pathan alias Basti Dada, the city police has finally swung into action. Ismail is now on the run.The matter came to a head when Anis Vora, a trader of Shahpur, wanted to get his shop renovated. As was his usual modus operandi, Ismail parked his car right in front of the shop, blocking its entrance. Anis has told Shahpur police that when he protested, Ismail and his family members started pelting stones on his shop.Ismail told Anis that if he wanted to renovate his shop then he should pay an extortion of Rs 10 lakh. Anis was not ready to do this and he filed a complaint against Ismail at Shahpur police station on Tuesday.Sources at the Prevention of Crime Branch at the city police commissioner's office said: \"We have called for the history-sheet of Ismail from Shahpur police. He is likely to be booked under Prevention of Anti Social Activities Act ( PASA) soon.\"\"Ismail demands Rs 10 lakh from every trader who wishes to set up shop in Shahpur. If his wish is not complied with, he parks his car in front of the traders' shop and arm-twists him till he gets his way. Most traders do not wish to take him on and end up paying the extortion money to avoid trouble,\" said Shahpur police who have now begun probing into the matter.\"Anis' complaint, however, angered Ismail further and he started targeting Anis and his shop with help of his henchmen. He did not want the shop to come up at any cost as this was a challenge to his authority over the area,\" said police sources.Anis sent out an alarm call to the city police control room about this development and he was assured that the goondas will be driven out.\"On Wednesday, a police point was set up outside the shop to protect Anis from any further harassment. This police action has also scared Ismail who along with his family members have gone missing. Local traders claim that for the past 10 years, Ismail has held sway in this areaHe is also blamed as the person behind auto-repair shops mushrooming by the roadside. If any shopkeeper or trader dared to go against Ismail's dictate, the very next day his office or shop would be blocked by the auto garages which seem to materialize overnight,\" said Shahpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424256", "title": "Robbery suspect held", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Tuesday arrested a suspect involved in robbing a gold ring, worth Rs 15,000, from Adityakumar Sule (30) of Pratiknagar in Yerawada on May 11. The suspect was identified as Kiran Nandkumar Salvi (28), a resident of Shanti Rakshak society in Yerawada.According to the police, Sule was going home on a two-wheeler when an unidentified person signalled him to stop and tried to remove his ring. The incident took place on Deccan college road around 9.15 pm.Police said when Sule resisted, his accomplice came from behind and poked a sharp object in his back and forced him to remove the ring. The duo, then, fled with the gold ring.Salvi was arrested following a tip-off. Investigations revealed that two more persons were involved in the crime. A magisterial court on Wednesday remanded Salvi to police custody till May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418920", "title": "Adarsh panel summons two ex-chief ministers to record statements", "text": "MUMBAI: The two-member commission, set up to inquire into alleged irregularities in Adarsh housing society, issued summons to Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde , both former chief ministers, to record their statements next month.Deshmukh has been summoned on June 21 and 22, while Shinde has been asked to appear on June 25 and 26. In a show of solidarity, the state government came out in support of former chief minister Ashok Chavan on his plea seeking exemption for deposing before the panel. Chavan was to appear before the panel today. He, however, filed an application on Tuesday seeking an exemption.Senior counsel for the state government A Y Sakhare said Chavan was not a state, but commission, witness. Sakhare contended that while the commission has the right to enforce attendance of any witness, some protection should be offered to individuals like Chavan, who are facing inquiry from other agencies, to avoid prejudice. \"Witnesses can be called anytime to clarify anything after the panel reached a conclusion,\" Sakhare said.Voicing a similar view, Amit Desai, Chavan's counsel said the commission was a fact-finding committee and not a trial court where his client should be cross-examined without any specific allegation against him. Desai said this cross-examination would be tantamount to a parallel trial and put Chavan in an awkward position when the CBI is inquiring into the issue. He also pointed out that the commission had earlier granted exemption to three CMs.The commission's counsel, Dipan Merchant, however argued that there should not be any discrimination between witnesses. The panel reserved its order till tomorrow on Chavan's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13423123", "title": "HC relief for Nirmal Baba", "text": "PATNA: A vacation bench of the Patna high court, presided by Justice Samarendra Pratap Singh, on Wednesday issued directive to the Araria police not to take any coercive step against spiritual guru Nirmal Baba till June 22 in a case of alleged cheating and forgery lodged by a person with Araria police.The order was passed during hearing of a petition of Nirmal Baba seeking quashing of the order of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Araria, issuing warrant of arrest against him. The Araria police had registered an FIR on the basis of the complaint of one Rakesh Kumar Singh, who had alleged that he was goaded by Nirmal Baba to pay Rs 1,000 in three instalments to improve his (complainant's) financial status, but to no avail.Nirmal Baba's counsel V K Gulati and Prashant Sinha submitted that his anticipatory bail petition is slated for hearing before the court of district and sessions judge, Araria, on June 22. The vacation bench fixed the hearing of the case of Nirmal Baba on June 18 when the high court reopens after summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13422027", "title": "Show for President cost Navy Rs 23 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Navy has run up a tab of Rs 23 crore for a day's extravaganza for the President. This included a bill of Rs 12 lakh for drinking water and Rs 17 lakh for the presidential banquet, besides spending Rs 14 lakh on alteration of a cattle fence and a similar amount on repairing a staircase.The President's Fleet Review of the Navy in which the supreme commander of the armed forces inspects the maritime prowess of the force took place in 2011 and is held once in the President's tenure.Data accessed under RTI from the Western Naval Command headquarters said Rs 23.24 crore was spent on the event attended by President Pratibha Patil. The information was provided on an application filed by activist S C Agrawal.The Navy spent Rs 26.96 lakh to acquire new furniture which included 30 dining tables and 60 dining chairs, besides furniture for VIPs and other staff. It spent Rs 17.57 lakh on the presidential banquet for 960 guests and Rs 2.11 lakh on catering on the presidential yacht for 760 invitees.Interestingly, the authorities had budgeted for Rs 12 lakh for water (amounting to 83 one-litre bottles of mineral water for each guest) and Rs 28.14 lakh for \"fresh provisions\". Wages and salaries came to Rs 1 crore while some of the long-term infrastructure changes that were made included alterations to cattle fence at Vijaya garden that cost Rs 14 lakh. Repairs to the staircase from the main foyer to the officers' mess also ran up a bill of Rs 14 lakh and a fountain built outside Mulla auditorium cost Rs 6 lakh. The infrastructure costs amounted to Rs 11.67 crore.The President undertook the fleet review on December 20 last year in which she took salute from a flotilla of 81 ships, four submarines and 44 aircraft of the Navy and the Indian Coast Guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13424395", "title": "Gayle stars in Mallya\u2019s rum diary", "text": "BANGALORE: Swashbuckling cricketer Chris Gayle has extended ties with Vijay Mallya's United Spirits as the latter tries to spin a Caribbean rum story off the cricket pitch. The big hitting Jamaican, and arguably the most valuable player in Mallya's Indian Premier League (IPL) team, has signed an endorsement deal for the company's latest brand, Cariba Rum.This is the first major standalone deal for Gayle, the highest run scorer in the current IPL season, on the Indian brand endorsement pitch. The move is probably part of Mallya's multi-million dollar strategy to retain Chris Gayle, who has been eyed by rival teams. Mallya's Bangalore team bought Gayle for $560,000 just before last season and managed to retain him in the fifth edition this year.While Gayle's IPL price remains the same, his overall package, including endorsement fee, may touch the maximum $2 million for an individual player in the T20 league. United Spirits, which also owns the Bangalore team, didn't disclose the endorsement fee but said the contract was for \"more than one year\".Outside cricket, USL's move to use Gayle to build a Caribbean rum brand is part of the company's premiumization strategy aimed at checking the rapid advance of MNC rivals. Prestige and premium brands will contribute almost 60% of the company's profits in the current fiscal, up from just under 10% in 2005.Mallya, who had Caribbean business interests when he owned Berger Paints, is rolling out Cariba with a blend imported from the islands where rum was first distilled more than 300 years ago. Gayle, who embodies the Caribbean free spirit, may help United Spirits to develop a rum story closer to the original home. Cariba rum aims to tap the upgrading rum drinkers in a market where most brands in the flavour category (barring exceptions like Bacardi) are regular and economy priced.\"Gayle is the best fit as brand ambassador for a rum brand. Dark, brooding, and hard-hitting - all these facets make for great rum,\" said brand consultant Harish Bijoor. \"However, sportsmen and alcoholic beverages have always been a question mark in the minds of people. But then, Mallya knows the cricket story,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13427684", "title": "Skin cells to help repair broken heart muscles", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a new technique to mend broken hearts by turning skin stem cells into heart muscle cells, a breakthrough they say offers new hope to thousands who struggle to live with heart failure.The new research, which was carried out on rats, opens up the prospect of reprogramming cells taken from heart failure patients that would not be rejected by their bodies, said researchers at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and Rambam Medical Center in Haifa, Israel. However, it would take up to a decade before trials can be conducted on humans, the scientists cautioned.Previously skin cells taken from young and healthy people have been transformed into heart muscle cells. But, the new study, published in the European Heart Journal , was first in which stem cells taken from the skin of elderly and diseased patients, who are most likely to need such treatment, have been transformed into heart cells.\"What is new and exciting about our research is that we have shown that it's possible to take skin cells from an elderly patient with advanced heart failure and end up with his own beating cells in a laboratory dish that are healthy and young - the equivalent to the stage of his heart cells when he was just born,\" Lior Gepstein, who led the study, was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.In their study, skin cells from two male heart failure patients were reprogrammed in two ways - by delivering three genes to the cell nucleus and using a virus that delivered reprogramming information to the cell nucleus but which was capable of being removed later.The skin cells were transformed into heart muscle cells as effectively as those from healthy and young volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421491", "title": "Petrol price hike draws flak from residents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabadis have hit out against the latest hike in the price of petrol (by Rs 8.36 per litre) by calling it an \"insensitive decision\". There was a mad rush at fuel outlets in the city on Wednesday evening as motorists thronged to stock up on petrol before the hike came into effect. Many were seen venting their ire at the frequent hike in fuel prices.A Sujatha, a software engineer with Wipro , said: \"If the government, on the pretext of easing pressure on oil marketing companies, frequently keeps hiking prices, it will be difficult to manage the family.\"Already, prices of vegetables and other essentials are sky-rocketing. The government's latest decision to hike the price of petrol is nothing but harassing an already-troubled common man,\" she added.This latest hike also had some citizens mulling a change in future plans. \"I was planning to buy a car... but with the petrol price damper, I have dropped the idea. The day is not far when a car will become a thing of luxury,\" said K Kiran, an advocate.People are worried that diesel prices, too, might go up soon. \"The impact of the price of diesel on the common man will be high since it will have a cascading effect. That will further increase the prices of all the essential commodities,\" said gym trainer A Pradeep.Now, autorickshaw drivers are demanding that the government allow them to increase fares. \"Nearly 30% of the autos run on petrol. Similarly, a month back, auto LPG prices had gone up.\"Over 40% of the autos run on LPG. So, there is an urgent need to increase auto fares otherwise it will be difficult to ply autos,\" AP Auto Samakya general secretary A Sathi Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427622", "title": "They took on HIV and won", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a day of hope for these 17-year-olds. Many memories are bitter, after being shunned by the society for a long time. Their future looks bright, after tasting their first success, sweeter because they've fought the dreaded HIV. It's been a lonely fight, with hardly any family support and campuses unaware of their disease and only an NGO to keep up their morale.This result season, TOI is showcasing not only toppers but also students who may not have scored extraordinary marks but deserve their place in the sun. This group is one such, making education inclusive in its truest sense. Like Jacob who secured 83.5%. An adopted child, he ran away from home after his stepmother's death because people around him had no empathy for him. He's a Kannada-medium student and stammers when he speaks in English. Ask him to speak in Kannada , and he insists: \"No, I want to speak in English to learn the language.\"He adds: \"I've suffered a lot, that's why I have the urge to do better. I want to write the civil service exam one day and come up with policies that'll help HIV-positive people,\" he said. Jacob recalls how his teachers didn't allow him to go on tours and how his plates and tumbler were kept aside separately after he was confirmed positive.For Bhagyashree, the challenges are different . She's not HIV positive, but her mother and elder sister are and her mother almost drags herself to work to feed her three children . \"My other family members don't even know about the disease,\" said Bhagyashree who scored 297 marks.Bhagyashree is focused on getting a good job to \"provide nutritious food for my mom and sister\". She said, \"My mom does all the household work so that we have enough time to study. When she sacrifices so much for me, can't think of anything else but study hard,\" she said. Gayathri, who failed to clear one paper , put up a brave front. Having lost her parents to the disease when she was a toddler, Gayathri, the family's sole breadwinner, stays with her grandmother. When she was in school, she teach Kannada to three batches of children every day from 3pm to 9.30pm. Then she started working for a BPO and now works for a legal outsourcing company .\"I get up at 2.30am and my shift is from 3am to 9am. I go to college by 10.30am and classes end 3pm. I get back home and try to catch up on sleep. But mostly there's homework and lots to learn,\" she said. She added: \"I like science. But it's a costly course and requires a lot of time too.\" She plans to do BCom and LLB.But the bitterness rankles. Gayathri says: \"Some people ask us: 'Why do you need to study, you'll anyway die tomorrow?'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420534", "title": "Exploited street kids see no hope in new law", "text": "HYDERABAD: The legislation to protect children below 18 years from sexual abuse was passed in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday, but 15-year-old Bala (name changed) is not convinced that it would help him from potential abusers as he stands at a corner of Public Gardens in Nampally in his fluorescent yellow T-shirt waiting for a customer. Alongside are other street children like him, sex workers and MSMs (men who have sex with men), all waiting for customers to stop their cars and pick them up. Bala, who had left his family in Ponnur and hopped on the first train from Nidubrolu railway station in Guntur four years ago, had changed several jobs till he decided to work as a rag-picker during the day and a sex worker by night.\"I used to stay on the Nampally station platform with five older boys. One day two men whom the others called seths came and took me along with another new kid in an autorickshaw telling us that we will be employed in hotels. It was a big hotel, somewhere in Begumpet, and we entered through the back gate. We were given clothes, asked to take a shower in a big bathroom and were kept locked in a room for a day. Then for the next one week we were sent to different rooms by turns to both male and female customers. I was terrified and numbed but after the week got over, the seth gave me Rs 150, which is the highest ever amount I owned then,\" recounts another 16-year-old boy.In Public Gardens alone between 100 and 125 boys sell sex, most boys being between 13 and 16 years of age, according to Philip Issidore of Divya Disha, Hyderabad partner of Child Line. Some other areas of operation include Kacheguda railway station, Sundarayya Park in Baghlingampally and Yousuf Sharif Baba Dargah at Nampally. Mostly living on footpaths, railway stations, under the flyovers, on the stairs of showrooms, these boys do a variety of jobs during daytime including wiring, welding, loading and unloading of goods, cleaning in hotels and working at wedding halls. \"Most of these homeless children enter this profession initially out of peer pressure. They are exposed to abuses of all sorts from older boys, men, transsexuals, and even women. Once they realise that they cannot stop this abuse but can utilise it to earn a living, they continue the cycle by initiating more boys,\" says Issidore.However, most of these boys do not use any protection while indulging in sexual acts even though they are aware of STDs. HIV is an alien term for them although they know that AIDS means death. The very few who have used condoms have done so on the insistence of their customers. Issidore says that lack of acknowledgement on the part of the government that male children are also sexually abused and a false notion that trafficking is restricted to girls alone has led to this situation. \"Even APSACS which distributes free condoms to MSMs does not take into consideration these boys and sex education is limited to girls alone,\" he says.When enquired about this, APSACS additional project director Dr B Jayamma told TOI that condoms are available for all and anybody can use the vending machines at the railway stations.Help from police remains a mirage. The website of the AP police lists mobile numbers of child welfare officers (CWO) across the city. But when the number listed under the CWO of Nampally police station was called, TOI was told that there is no office or officer of this type. Similar was the case with Kacheguda CWO where the person attending the call said, \"wrong number\" and disconnected the call. While the inspector from Nampally police station was unwilling to comment on the issue, the Kacheguda inspector was unavailable for comment.Admitting that police have always played the role of a silent spectator, Issidore says that the new legislation against child abuse is the first of its kind in terms of the fact that it is gender-neutral. \"Although the modalities of its implementation are yet to be chalked out, one can only hope that young boys who have never been protected enough will find a legal and hence social recognition of their abuse. This is the first step before they can be given any sort of security,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13420249", "title": "Sania Mirza notches up 500th professional win", "text": "BANGALORE: Sania Mirza's first-round doubles win in the WTA Tour event in Brussels late on Tuesday helped the 25-year-old Indian notch up her 500th professional win (singles and doubles).The Hyderabadi, who came into the tournament needing four victories to get to the 500-mark, won three singles matches in the qualifiers, then partnered American Bethanie Mattek-Sands for a 6-4, 6-2 win over Mervana Jugic-Salik and Sandra Klemenschits to round off her effort.Sania, who has 270 singles wins - 21 of those coming in Grand Slams - and 230 strikes in doubles, said, she had enjoyed every bit of her journey as a professional athlete.\"The highs and lows, triumphs and struggles are a part of my life I would not exchange that for anything,\" the glamorous ace said.\"When I first held a tennis racket 20 years ago, nobody thought a girl from our country could become a successful professional tennis player,\" she added.\"When I started playing at the Grand Slam level, critics thought it was a fluke, but beating the odds fired me on,\" Sania pointed out.\"500 wins wasn't something I even dreamt about when I got on the road. It's a decade since I played my first international women's tournament and I still feel the excitement before every major tournament. That keeps me going.\"When asked to pick her best effort, Sania, who has one WTA singles title and 13 doubles crowns to her credit - which has given her $2,486,922 in prize money - said, \"Martina Hingis was one of the greatest players when I was growing up and defeating her for the first time in South Korea (2007) and then again in Los Angeles were special moments. Beating the reigning US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova in Dubai (2005) after being down 0-4, having twisted my ankle, must rank right up there.\"The India Fed Cupper's doubles ranking, which is down to No. 11 this week, puts a question mark over her Olympic participation. She needs a top-10 doubles ranking to make the cut for women's doubles and mixed-doubles in London.\"I've done everything I could to qualify. I even skipped the French Open qualifiers (singles) to play an additional tournament in Brussels this week to help me qualify for London,\" Sania said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13420557", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau files case against senior police inspector", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) registered a disproportionate assets case against police officer Rajesh Dhanawade, five years after the investigation started.Dhanawade, now senior inspector at the J J Marg police station, was not available for comment.Dhanawade had first come under the scanner in 2006, when he was an inspector, after a sting operation showed that he was claiming to be the owner of a estate company, Dhanawade Associates, which was building three residential towers in Worli. In the sting, Dhanawade was seen sitting in his private office in Worli and selling the flats.The then DGP, P S Pasricha, had asked the ACB to conduct an inquiry and submit a report in three months. Sources said the ACB had initiated a confidential inquiry-even before the sting operation was conducted-on receiving complaints that the officer had disproportionate assets. \"The investigation was delayed as Dhanawade refused to cooperate and never turned up for the inquiry,'' said an official.Dhanawade reportedly told the sleuths that he was just helping his two brothers Kamlakar and Vijay in their construction business. But the ACB probe showed that the two brothers did odd jobs and Dhanawade misused his position and allegedly amassed wealth. Some of Dhanawade's assets found by the ACB included a flat in Mariamma Nagar in Worli, another flat in Omkar Housing Society in Borivli, 6 acres of agricultural land in Karjat, 5.5 acres of private land in Karjat, two four-wheelers and one flat in his wife Amita's name in Narayan Pujari Nagar, Worli.TOI left messages with Dhanawade's staff at the J J Marg police station, but there was no response to the queries.Dhanawade joined as sub-inspector and worked at the Dadar and Matunga police stations, the crime branch and later at the domestic airport police station. After the sting operation, he was shifted to the special branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13444518", "title": "Will 12,500 more people be able to watch the IPL final?", "text": "CHENNAI: The fate of three massive stands at M A Chidambaram cricket stadium at Chepauk in Chennai, with an additional seating capacity of 12,500, will be known at 2.30 pm today when a vacation court of the Madras high court hears the matter at a special sitting.The stadium is set to host the high-voltage IPL-V semifinals on Friday and finals on Sunday. Keen to avoid empty stands during the event, the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) approached the Madras high court on Wednesday seeking permission to put the stands to use for at least on these two days. TNCA told the court that they plan to sell Rs 500 and Rs 750 tickets for the stands, which would fetch Rs 25 lakh as entertainment tax for the state government.On April 16, the housing and urban development department issued a conditional approval for the galleries, stating that the TNCA authorities must obtain traffic, fire safety and environmental clearance from competent authorities.Today, the bench of Justice V Dhanapalan and Justice B Rajendran will hear the state government's stand on the matter and pass orders.The newly built I, J and K Stands were sealed by the Chennai Corporation in August 2011 as they had been constructed without due planning permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13419486", "title": "Council poll: Guessing on over NCP support to Cong", "text": "AMRAVATI: Guessing continued whether the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) would support Congress candidate Bablu Deshmukh in the local self-government body elections despite appeals to corporators by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and guardian minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.NCP and Congress corporators forgot their differences and shared the dais when Chavan was here on Sunday. Vikhe-Patil also met former MLA Sulbha Khodke of NCP on Wednesday to seek support for the Congress candidate to snatch the BJP bastion. It remains to be seen whether NCP backs Congress in this election.With only two days remaining for the council election, a triangular fight is on the cards between Praveen Pote of BJP, Bablu Deshmukh of Congress and Ajay Nawandar, an independent. Congress has been trying since long to wrest the seat from BJP for which it needs the support of NCP and independent MLA Bacchu Kadu. NCP has around 40 votes in its kitty while Kadu has 36.The chief minister had convened a meeting of corporators, members of panchayat samiti and appealed to NCP, Congress and independent corporators to support Deshmukh. NCP leader Khodke, ZP president, Surekha Thakare, Badnera MLA Ravi Rana, MLA Dr Anil Bonde and legislators of Congress were present at the meeting. Interestingly, Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had severely criticized each other during the Amravati Municipal Corporation polls. But Sunday was a different day as leaders and workers of both the parties shared the dais with the chief minister. But whether this would prompt the NCP to back Congress remains a question. Last time, Khodke had supported BJP and this time too Pote is likely to get the backing.Khodke told TOI that Vikhe-Patil had come to their residence but it was a formal meeting and there was no discussion on the council election. Khodke denied reports that there was a hidden alliance with BJP and said the party line would be followed.Kadu did not open his cards and said that he would hold a meeting on Thursday to decide on supporting a candidate in fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13422296", "title": "Panchayat directorate appoints officers", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of panchayats has appointed presiding officers to conduct the first meeting of the panchayat bodies in the state on May 28, 2012.The meetings will be held to appoint sarpanchas and deputy sarpanchas for the 185 panchayats that recently elected new members. Candidates can file their nominations with the presiding officers who have been appointed, said director of panchayats Menino D'Souza.He said candidates will be able to file their nomination till the morning of May 28.There are 17 panchayats in Pernem, 33 in Bardez, 11 in Sattari, 18 in Tiswadi, 19 in Ponda, 9 in Mormugao, 30 in Salcete, five in Dharbandora, seven in Sanguem, seven in Canacona and four in Quepem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423422", "title": "\u2018Insulted\u2019, Mahasweta Devi quits Bangla Akademi", "text": "KOLKATA: In a move that could deeply embarrass the Mamata Banerjee-led government, veteran author and social activist Mahasweta Devi resigned as president of the Bangla Akademi - the regulatory body of Bengali language in the state - following the rejection of her suggestion for the Vidyasagar Puraskar given away by the Akademi.Feeling \"insulted and humiliated\", she said on Wednesday she would never be a part of any government body or award committee in future. Mahasweta Devi was one of the major rallying forces of Mamata's campaign for change in the run-up to last year's historic election. The 87-year-old writer severely criticized the functioning of the Bangla Akademi, and said that the actions and decisions taken by the state government's cultural and literary departments have only pleased \"those who have been beneficiaries of state patronage\". \"I don't think anyone, barring those who are receiving awards, find it right,\" she said.Mahasweta Devi sent her resignation letter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday evening. The CM heads the information and cultural affairs department.\"I have never been so insulted in my entire literary career. It makes no sense to hold on to the president's post when the Akademi has no faith in my judgement. If I was appointed the head of the institution, my decisions have to be respected. Not only was my suggestion overruled, they did not bother to inform me that the decision taken at the Vidyasagar Award committee meeting five months back has been changed. At this age, I have nothing to gain by holding on to a post. Nor am I inclined to do that. So I decided to step down,\" she said.Mahasweta, who has often triggered controversy with her anti-establishment remarks, said she was not sure if she had been deliberately humiliated by the government which didn't always agree to her stance. \"I see no politics in this award. So, I can't say. But I will definitely refrain from getting involved in government-sponsored awards in future. I won't be a part of any government institution either,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13427900", "title": "Love to wear skinny jeans? It can hurt nerves", "text": "WASHINGTON: It might be time to fling those tight fitted denims out of your wardrobe as doctors in the US caution fashionistas about potential nerve damage due to wearing skinny jeans.A number of patients in the US have been found suffering from 'meralgia paresthetica' , a disorder that causes symptoms of tingling, numbness and pain in the upper legs, as a result of their trendy clothing choices, ABC News reported.\"It's a disorder that occurs when one of the nerves that runs in the outer part of a thigh gets compressed ,\" said Dr Karen Boyle from the Greater Baltimore Medical Centre in US. Wearing high heels with skinny jeans could worsen the problem as tilting the pelvis increases the pressure on nerves, she said.Boyle warned that any tingling sensation caused by denims should not be ignored as this could lead to more permanent damage.As an alternative to the tight fitted denims she suggested wearing jeggings leggings that look like jeans - or denims that have some stretch in them.Although not widely known of, meralgia paresthetica has been noted in medical papers. In 2003, Malvinder S Parmar reported on three cases in Canadian Medical Association Journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444989", "title": "Brad Pitt says new film not anti-Obama", "text": "Brad Pitt has asserted that his new flick \" Killing Them Softly\" speaks more of the great toxic divide in American, and is not to be viewed as an attack on President Obama.The actor criticized the \"toxic\" politics of the US election campaign as he launched his latest film in Cannes.\"I think we're going to see more negative ads than ever before, and I certainly don't want this film to in any way be mistaken for that,\" the Politico quoted Pitt as saying.While the movie, due out in September, is based on a 1970s crime novel, it is set during the 2008 presidential election and economic crisis. Clips of then-Senators Barack Obama, John McCain and then President George W. Bush are played throughout, in addition to grim imagery of those struggling because of the financial collapse.Pitt insisted that in one scene, which features Obama giving a hopeful speech after winning the election, is not intended as \"a cynical look back at a statement of failure.\"Instead, he said that the movie \"Killing Them Softly\" mostly reflects \"a toxic divide\" in American politics. \"It's a serious, serious problem,\" Pitt said.Criticizing the way the financial crisis was handled, Pitt said it's \"criminal that there still haven't been any criminal repercussions\" for people who caused the meltdown.It was \"at the apex of the mortgage loan debacle\" that he had first looked at the script.\"I felt that I was reading a gangster film and it wasn't until the very end that it coalesced for me as far what the direction of the film is pointing to overall - that this microcosm is actually saying something about the greater, macro world.\" Pitt added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420243", "title": "Auto driver attacked with sword, throat slit", "text": "HYDERABAD: An autorickshaw driver was attacked with swords and killed by two persons in Rethibowli on Wednesday morning.The driver was identified as 35-year-old Mohammed Ather Khan of Golconda. \"At around 8 am, the assailants attacked him and slit his throat, killing him on the spot,\" Langar Houz inspector N B Ratnam said. The victim was an accused in the murder case of a history-sheeter and had disputes with several locals regarding distribution of chit fund money.Another auto driver, Dastagir, was an eye-witness to the ghastly incident. Based on his statement, police found out that the murder was committed by Feroz, also an auto driver from Golconda, and his associate. The assailants are reportedly in the custody of police and a case was booked against them under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427249", "title": "Isro staffer found dead in bedroom", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old Group D employee of Isro was found bludgeoned to death in her house at V Nagenahalli, Hebbal, on Tuesday night.Muniyamma M Muniyappa's body was found in the bedroom when her husband Muniyappa and son Manjunath returned home from Tumkur. Muniyamma was Muniyappa's second wife. His first wife stays in Tumkur.Earlier in the morning, Muniyappa and Manjunath had gone to Tumkur to attend a chariot festival. Muniyamma said she would join them by 9pm.\"I was waiting in Tumkur bus stand for her. When she didn't turn up, I called the landline phone in our house but there was no response. Then I called a neighbour who said the house was locked and there was no power,\" Manjunath told TOI.Suspecting something amiss, Muniyappa and Manjunath then took a taxi and rushed to Bangalore. \"I opened the house door with a duplicate key. I switched on the mains and rushed in only to see her body in the bedroom ,\" Manjunath added. All valuables in the house were intact.\"There was some cash and gold, but that hasn't been touched,\" he told police.Neighbours spoke of regular fights between Muniyappa's two wives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13420271", "title": "Gond tribals in district await titles for land", "text": "NAGPUR: Gond tribals in the district have been tilling the land around the villages they reside for at least two-three generations. Yet, they have no ownership of the land. Every election, politicians promise to get them title to the land but after the elections everything is forgotten. Not only do the tribals do not have the right to land, even their villages are deprived of basic amenities any village should have.A visit to some tribal Gond villages in Parseoni tehsil in Nagpur district by TOI revealed that tribals here have been tilling the land (2-5 acres per family) for 30-40 years but still have not got the ownership. Also, the land holdings are so small that it is difficult to sustain a family of even four. So, most of them travel 10-20km to work as farm labourers. Most of this land is forest land except for a few villages that occupy revenue land.Sukhlal Dodi Nagwase, a farmer from Sheela Devi village (revenue village) said his family had been tilling the two acre patch for over 35 years. \"We do not own it as yet. Politicians promise to get the land allocated to us but no one entertains us after the election,\" he said. Nagwase lives with his wife, a son and daughter-in-law. The produce from land is barely enough for their own sustenance. His neighbour Fagan Dhurwe and Akshay Munje Naik also have similar stories.The village has about 22 Gond families. The villagers grow traditional crops like cotton, tur, jowar. The earnings are so minimal that it is difficult to make ends meet. They have to supplement it by working as farm or forest labourers. During rainy season, they do not even get forest work. The situation is same in nearby villages like Mahkepar, Banera, Sawangi, Dhawadapur, Narahar, Surera, Saleghat, Ghatpendhri, Ghatkukra, Kirangi, Pardi, Subhdham and Kolitmara.Village Narhar has about 100 Gond families. Waman Uikey from the village said that social activist Lalji Goswami from Parseoni was supporting them in their fight for years. Morchas and protests during the winter session have been held but to no avail. Suman Deoram Neti said her family had three acres. She has a daughter Madhuri studying in Std X and a younger son Akash. \"There is no high school nearby. My daughter goes to Nagardhan on cycle,\" she said. Panchpulla Uikey said her daughter too went to a school 12km away. The village has just one hand pump to provide drinking water for 100 families. For washing and bathing they go to the river.Goswami, a member of Shetkari Sangathana, has been fighting a losing battle for the farmers for 25 years. \"The government is just not interested in welfare of tribals. It is not the question of just these tribal villages. The situation is same all over the state. There is no development in their villages. If the farmers own the land, they can get loan from bank,\" he said.\"There is no road from village Ambazari. People can't take patients to hospital. All this is happening in the name of forest. Forest department has constructed 4km road and has not made the remaining one and half kms. There are ponds around villages but there is no water. I have been raising the issue for years but with no success,\" added Goswami.Nagpur District Collector Saurabh Rao said if the villagers have been tilling the land since December 31, 2005 or earlier they could get rights over it under Forest Rights Act. \"There are gram van hak samitis to facilitate the process. Still, I will look into the issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13438412", "title": "Beyond Studies", "text": "KOLKATA: After defeating competitors from all over the world, The Heritage School Kolkata has been named as the winner of Teach A Man To Fish's School Enterprise Challenge. Their school enterprise won the prize in the 'Planet' category.Teach A Man To Fish is an international education charity committed towards tackling global poverty. They support schools across Africa , Asia &amp; Latin America and help them set up enterprises to provide hands-on training of practical &amp; business skills and to generate extra income in the process. The year 2011 was the inaugural year of the School Enterprise Challenge, run by UK-based international development charity - Teach A Man To Fish.About 175 business plans were submitted by schools from 37 countries. The students of The Heritage School performed exceptionally well and hence their name was among the top winners in the competition. Their unique and entrepreneurial approach towards creating their School Enterprise caught the judge's attention even in a highly competitive field.The Heritage School's enterprise used eco-friendly materials to manufacture decorative and useful candles, like the mosquito repellent candles. In this enterprise the teachers, students and even the bus drivers of the school were involved. Profits generated by the students' efforts have been re-invested into their school, helping to lower fees and improve the infrastructure. The students of Gymnasium N4 have earned prize winnings of $5000 after being named as the winner in the 'Planet' category of the competition.The school enterprise challenge is a global competition for schools of the developing countries that gives them a chance to establish school-based enterprises. Participating in the competition help the students learn valuable skills, raise additional income for their schools, and create lasting partnerships with schools in other countries.With the opening of registrations for the year 2012 schools interested in the School Enterprise Challenge can register themselves at http://schoolenterprisechallenge.org/Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419877", "title": "Bar on girl students: HC seeks govt\u2019s stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the state government's stand on a plea highlighting a bar on admission of girl students in a 350-year-old Anglo Arabic School located in the Walled City.Besides issuing notice to the Delhi government's Directorate of Education, a bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the city police and the school management to reply by July 18. \"You have to take some measures as the atmosphere does not permit the girls to take admission in the school...it is an issue of mindset,\" the court told Delhi government's standing counsel Najmi Waziri while issuing notice on a plea by city resident Fatima Alvi. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13447172", "title": "Pind Diyan Boliyan with a modern beat", "text": "Pind Diyan Boliyan is a collection of Shin Cobra's favourite Punjabi boliyan and combines traditional Punjabi lyrics which have been sung at weddings and family events in villages and towns across the Punjab with a modern beat.Shin Cobra says, \"boliyan is a very important and traditional part of Punjabi music and culture so I'm sure the fans will enjoy this track. I hope to bring back some of our culture and heritage throughout the upcoming wedding season here in the UK and abroad. These are some of the boliyan that everyone will recognise and sing along to\".The track has been composed and produced by Shin Cobra and mixed and mastered by industry renowned, singer &amp; producer, Harvey Sahota.The video was shot on location in village near Chandigarh, Punjab as Shin Cobra wanted to give the track an authentic village haveli look and feel.Source: http://simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423863", "title": "Government accepts 'rejected' Pendse panel's report", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Wednesday accepted the Justice (retired) M L Pendse commission report, which probed the fake ticket scam during the 2001 India-Australia ODI match at the Fatorda stadium.Speaking to mediapersons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The Pendse commission report which was earlier accepted and then rejected, has been accepted again and appropriate action will be taken as per its recommendation.\"The commission's recommendations which were accepted by the then Parrikar-led cabinet were later scrapped by the Pratapsingh Rane cabinet in 2005 after it was revealed that the then minister, Dayanand Narvekar, who headed the Goa Cricket Association was guilty of printing, distributing and selling fake tickets.\"This government has rejected the earlier government's rejection. You cannot allow a criminal to go scot-free,\" said Parrikar.A case in this regard was also filed at the high court of Bombay at Goa in 2008 challenging the cabinet's decision not to accept the Pendse commission report. The report prepared by the former Karnataka high court chief justice had found Narvekar, along with other office bearers, guilty of printing, distributing and selling fake tickets.The tickets which were sold in excess of the capacity of the stadium had resulted in chaos during the match. Police had to resort to a lathicharge to disperse the crowd which turned violent. Several people with genuine tickets were not allowed to enter the stadium as it was jam-packed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13428636", "title": "Big bucks drive professionals to farming in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujaratis are going back to their roots. And, it makes good business sense too. A buoyant agriculture in the state is luring an increasing number of professionals and entrepreneurs to switch to farming.Mahendra Patel, 42, recently closed down his electronics goods showroom. Patel, who owns an acre of land on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, found growing Dutch roses more lucrative than his business. \"My income has grown many fold,\" says Patel, who made a neat Rs 30 lakh this year.Arvind Patel, a practising doctor put down his stethoscope to pick up a plough. Patel, 70, now grows exotic vegetables in Gamdi village in Ahmedabad. \"I initially did it to break the monotony. But, now it turns out that this is good business,\" says Patel, whose son is settled in the US.Official data shows there is a 9% growth in the number of farmers in Gujarat over the last five years - there are 46.61 lakh farmers in the state. The growth in numbers is largely driven by consistently good monsoon over the last decade. A portion of it could also be realtors turning to farmers to buy agriculture land.State agriculture minister Dileep Sanghani says the number of farmers is increasing since a large number of people who switched over to other professions are returning to farmlands. \"The number is higher in Saurashtra, where farmers forced their sons to join other professions due to perennial water crisis. Water availability is luring them back,\" says Sanghani.Krupesh Pandya, 44, who worked as a godown manager for a tea firm left his Rs 10,000 job to take up farming fulltime. \"My income has increased five fold,\" he says.D M Vaghela, deputy director of state horticulture department, says a number of subsidy schemes on net and greenhouses is a major pull.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13421785", "title": "Girl power dominates board exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Is the fairer sex once again going to steal the march over their male counterparts in the results of different board examinations lined up for the coming days? Perhaps yes, if we go by the performance of girls in the recently declared results of ISC and ICSE examinations, where girls stood tall among boys in terms of maximum number of positions.Moreover, the records of previous year also speak volumes about this fact as in both CBSE and UP Board last year, girls pipped the boys in both class 10 and 12 in terms of overall pass percentage.The dominance of girls in the ICSE results was visible in the fact that the top three ranks in the city were grabbed by them with the top spot shared jointly between a boy Divyansh Agarwal and Ayushi Agrahari with 96.6 per cent. However, girls reserved the second and third spot with Agrima Singh in the second place and Alankrita Malviya and Manisha Agarwal sharing the third position.With CBSE and UP Board results yet to be declared, the trends so far reflect that girls are again out to make it big. Last year in CBSE class 12, the overall pass percentage of girls stood at an impressive 83.39 per cent in comparison to 70.77 of boys.Likewise, in class 10 of CBSE, girls beat the boys at the finish tape, with an overall pass percentage of 98.93 per cent against 97.87 of boys, with a marginal gap of 1.06 per cent.In UP Board last year, girls outshone boys in Intermediate examination, with an astonishing overall pass percentage of 90.76 per cent, against 70.53 of boys.In High School also, the triumphant march of girls remained unchallenged with an overall pass percentage of 76.92 against 66.03 of boys.However, this has given enough reasons to smile for those espousing the cause of equal status for women in every sphere of life, said women's right activist Madhvi Nishad. Women have made foray into every domain and now it is for the policymakers and leaders to realize that they are a force to reckon with and should not be taken for granted. This should also send enough signals for those who encourage and promote heinous crimes like female foeticide.Appreciating the efforts of girls, faculty member of Allahabad University Deepa Punetha said that this is indicative of the fact that the girls are quite capable of doing better than their male counterparts if given an opportunity and right environment. This also conveys the feeling that parents have also started realizing the importance of girl child and empowering them in the form of providing them essential education and right guidance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420517", "title": "Heat pushes up power demand in east, central Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wednesday turned out to be unbearably hot for Delhiites, with the maximum temperature climbing to 42.2 degrees Celsius. The Met department predicts hotter days ahead and the temperature is expected to rise further. The maximum temperature on Thursday is expected to go up to 44 degrees, while the minimum should settle at 28 degrees.The intense heat wave in the afternoon caught many by surprise. Though the city has been reeling under the heat for quite some time, Wednesday was reported to be even worse. The minimum temperature recorded was 26.3 degrees Celsius. The highest temperature in May has been 42.6 degrees, recorded earlier this month. The mercury has stayed at the 40-degree mark. The weatherman said by Friday, the mercury would touch the 45-degree mark and stay there for some time.The blazing heat had a direct impact on the city's power consumption. Power discom BSES Yamuna said the electricity demand in east and central Delhi on Wednesday broke all previous records. \"The demand in the BYPL area was at an all-time high of 1243MW, surpassing its earlier record of 1237MW on May 10, 2011. This is the second time in 10 days that the power demand has surpassed all earlier records. Till last year, the highest demand of 1195MW was recorded in August,'' said a discom official. Discoms added that the rapid growth in power demand was a bit unusual. Generally, power demand peaks during July and August. The overall peak demand on Wednesday was 4,688MW, as recorded by the state load dispatch centre.Though there were reports of power cuts in some areas, including Mayur Vihar Phase I and Krishna Nagar, the discoms refuted these claims. A BYPL spokesperson said, \"There was no load shedding in our area.'' Chief minister Sheila Dikshit took stock of the power situation. Discoms assured her that arrangements have been made to meet demand up to 5,300 MW. At the meeting, problems with the Northern Grid, including overdrawing by northern states, were also flagged up. \"All states, except Delhi, have been overdrawing from the grid,'' said an official. Dikshit said she would write to the Union power minister, seeking his intervention for ensuring that all northern states adhere to grid discipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13424006", "title": "Gujarat government to cut impact fee", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a major sop to the middle classes in an election year, the Gujarat government is all set to drastically reduce impact fee, chargeable for legalizing illegal structures in the state's urban areas across the state. Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said that the state urban development department has decided to fix a \"nominal fixed value\" for regularizing illegal structures by charging the fee.The proposal to come up with fresh changes in charging impact fee comes close on the heels of reports that the impact fee law, which became operational on February 18, 2012, has failed to evoke any response from large sections of society. Very few forms were filled up for regularizing illegal structures, and urban development authorities' move to simply procedures, too, failed to take things forward.\"We have fixed an upper limit for different categories of buildup areas to be charged as impact fee,\" a top state official said, though refusing to reveal the exact amount. He added, \"There will be, for instance, separate upper limits of impact fee chargeable for 25 sq m, 50 sq m and 100 sq m of buildup area. There will, however, be no change in the percentage of jantri to be charged as impact fee.\"It is expected that fixing the upper ceiling will particularly benefit those who have built illegal structures in urban areas like Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot, where jantri is quite high. While deciding to implement the impact fee law, the Gujarat government had in its order of February 18, 2012, said it would charge impact fee on the basis of the old jantri as it prevailed before March 31, 2011.Starting with April 1, 2011, the state government drastically increased jantri, which is government evaluation of the prevailing value of real estate. This was done to keep jantri in tune with sharp rise in real estate prices across the state, but more particularly in major cities. Impact fee was fixed at 20 per cent of the old jantri for residential and 35 per cent for commercial zones.In yet another change, the government has decided not to charge any impact fee for those who had altered a residential area of up to 150 sq metres into a commercial venture. \"There are a large number of small shops in places like the CG Road area which had changed from residential to commercial structures. They will gain in a big way,\" the official said.In a third change, no impact fee will be charged in case a new sanitary facility, particularly a toilet, is created for residential area changed into commercial use. \"We had contemplated that creation of any new facility would require a structural engineer's certificate. But, now no such permission will be needed,\" the official said.State urban development minister Nitin Patel said, \"The government is studying proposals which have been worked out by the urban development department. It will help common people in a big way, as it will reduce administrative complications.\" Earlier, he told newspersons that the \"impact fee file has been sent to the finance department , and a notification will be issued shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418663", "title": "Western Railway to reduce flooding on Mumbai\u2019s lifeline", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) has geared up for the monsoon by carrying out cleaning of culverts, desilting drains, increasing the level of tracks and identifying flood-prone spots.\"We have indentified flood-prone areas. We will pay more attention to these sections near Marine Lines, Charni Road, Grant Road, Mumbai Central, Elphinstone Road, Dadar, Mahim, Andheri, Jogeshwari and Nalasopara-Virar,\" said WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan.Moreover, tracks at low-lying areas such as Nalasopara, Vasai Road, Kandivli, Malad, Goregaon and Bandra (E) will be elevated. Desilting of all 43 culverts is being done with the funds provided by the BMC.Of the total Rs36.88 lakh allocated for cleaning culverts, the civic body has spent Rs.20 lakh till now.The first phase will be completed by 31st May. \"WR will install 52 diesel pumps at low-lying locations near Mumbai Central, Dadar, Mahim, Andheri, Nalasopara and Virar,\" Chandrayan added. \"Work on desilting of side drains will be completed by May 31. We will also conduct a review later,\" said a senior WR official. Central Railway has asked all agencies to stop all digging to prevent debris from clogging the drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419628", "title": "Cop\u2019s death: One detained", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven days after a cop was killed while chasing criminals in the Bharat Nagar area of northwest Delhi, the south district police have detained one person and recovered the mini-truck involved in the incident. However, cops said the truck has to be sent for a forensic test.The criminals had knocked down policeman Naresh Kumar Verma from his motorbike on May 15. The men were passing by the area in a mini-truck and had been involved in an altercation with some people at a marriage hall near Ashok Vihar.Cops are raiding several areas in Haryana and Rajasthan to nab the other accused. Meanwhile, some cops are also questioning the method adopted by the police brass that eventually allowed the accused to escape from their truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13421658", "title": "Cops use autorickshaws to issue safety tips", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik police commissionerate has decided to use loudspeakers mounted atop autorickshaws to spread awareness about safety and security among citizens.Since the past couple of days, one such auto has been driving around the city, broadcasting announcements about what steps should be taken to ensure one's safety. The auto, with a constable inside and accompanied by two more cops on a motorbike, has been catching the attention of residents, who stop to listen to the policeman giving tips on safety measures and preventive steps to avoid chain-snatching, house-break-ins and other security related issues.Talking about this new move, deputy commissioner of police D S Swami of zone II said that the cops in his jurisdiction are visiting as many residential societies to spread awareness about safety measures, and using the auto makes it easier to reach out to a lot of people at a time.The auto has been mainly been to areas in the jurisdiction of the Ambad police, Indiranagar police and Upanagar police, where a large number of new residential buildings and complexes are coming up.Apart from making announcements through loudspeakers atop autos, pamphlets are also being distributed to citizens regarding the things that should be done and those to be avoided to ensure one's safety. The rent of the auto and the cost of printing the pamphlets is covered by sponsors, said DCP Swami.Surprised by the new mode of spreading awareness, Paresh Khairnar, a resident of Govind Nagar, on Wednesday said that this was the first time he was coming across such an initiative by the police. \"If people follow the safety guidelines announced by the police, it will definitely stop incidences of break-ins and thefts. This initiative by the police is great. Things like these must hardly have been done in any other part of the state or the country. I believe the police are also taking up meetings in residential areas. This was also not done before in Nashik.\"The do's and don'ts:Announcement to prevent chain snatching\u00b7 Cover the jewellery properly so that there is no scope of it getting snatched\u00b7 Act vigilant if a biker coming from the opposite direction has his eyes set on your jewellery. He will probably take a U turn in an attempt to snatch it\u00b7 Keep safe distance while communicating with strangers enquiring about an address\u00b7 If you sense danger, raise an alarm\u00b7 In case of a chain snatching incident, call the police control room and the helpline immediately with the help of the people aroundPrevention against break-ins\u00b7 Inform neighbours and police if leaving the city\u00b7 Keep a CFL lamp switched on in the hall and bedroom\u00b7 Ensure that you have latched your door daily\u00b7 If possible see that you carry the cash and jewellery with you if going out of station\u00b7 Keep the keys of the cupboard in a safe place or carry them with you\u00b7 If going out for a lesser time, keep a CD player or a television in the room on\u00b7 Install electronic alarm system on the door\u00b7 Keep a detailed record of the domestic help, watchman, etc\u00b7 Don't keep things like ladder, empty drums, sticks etc in the premises of the bungalow that can be of a use to the burglarOther preventive measures\u00b7 Do not touch abandoned objects but inform about the same to the police\u00b7 Check the character of people in touch with your wards if you have given them mobile phones for their convenience\u00b7 See that your children are not driving vehicles dangerously\u00b7 Ensure that you do not fall prey to financial schemes promising exorbitant returns in short period\u00b7 Never give your jewellery to people who say they are police personnel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13423695", "title": "300kg of artificially-ripened mangoes seized in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: In a surprise raid, officials of the Trichy corporation seized 300-kg of artificially-ripened mangoes from the shops in Gandhi market here on Tuesday night.A team of corporation officials led by K C Sekaran, city health officer (CHO) commenced the surprise raid at the shops and godowns in Gandhi market area on Tuesday night. The team conducted the raid in 15 shops in the market and found that the mangoes were being artificially-ripened. They immediately seized the mangoes weighing more than 300-kg. They also sealed one of the shops for stocking up load beyond the prescribed limit. Later, the seized mangoes were sent to composite yard in Ariyamangalam and destroyed.M Sekaran, president of federation of consumer and service organization said that the issue of artificial ripening has become a common thing in the district during the mango season every year. \"Nowadays, some harmless sprays are available at a cheaper rate in the market to use it for ripening the mangoes instead of using risky carbide stones. Further, they also increase the price to compensate the expenses incurred on the ripening process,\" Sekaran said.He also said that the corporation officials never took any stringent action against the traders. \"Usually they conduct the raids, seize the mangoes and destroy them. Unfortunately, all their efforts turn out to be a futile exercise every year. Even after the raids, traders do not refrain from selling the artificially-ripened mangoes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13436866", "title": "NTR will prove to be the \u201cReal Baadshah\u201d", "text": "Tollywood's ace writer Kona Venkat promises to thrill with the script and characterization of young tiger Jr. NTR in his upcoming movie \"Baadshah\". Taking the Twitter route, Kona Venkat revealed that the actor will prove to be the real 'Baadshah' when audiences will see his dance moves, dialogues, action sequences and comic timing onscreen. \"NTR acting lo, dances lo, dialogs cheppadam lo, fights lo, look lo, romance lo, comedy lo annintilo Baadshah ani nirupinche cinema BAADSHAH\" (sic), wrote Kona Venkat.Directed by Seenu Vaitla and produced by Bandla Ganesh, the \"Baadshah\" team comprises of the successful writer-duo combo of Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan working on the script and dialogues. Prod Venkat on how we can expect the script to be and says the writer \"The film will not only surpass all the expectations, but also will bring in new surprises in the area of entertainment.\" (sic).When asked about his future projects after \"Baadshah\", Kona said that he would wrap up Pawan Kalyan's script and then shift to Mahesh Babu-Seenu Vaitla's project before puting the finishing touches to the script of the Ravi Teja-Gopichand Malineni movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13425792", "title": "A rain gauge for tick-tock updates on weather", "text": "CHENNAI: It is a contraption that will help weathermen make better sense of the notoriously fickle weather.The meteorological department planted a satellite-based automated rain gauge on the Anna University campus on Wednesday. And it is the last among the 10 stations to be commissioned in the city over the last two months.The new-age rain gauge will replace conventional surface weather reading at Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam and sharpen the data and observations from the city weather centre. The rain gauges, spread across 10 locations in the city, are part of a project to glean location-specific weather data. The automated weather stations can also measure humidity, rainfall and temperature.The stations will help provide residents with tick-tock updates on weather, helping them avoid being caught unawares. Regional meteorological centre deputy director general Y E A Raj said: \"Temperature variations, humidity and rainfall influence any weather monitoring system in a larger city environment. But the automated weather stations controlled by a satellite-based system will help analyse the weather variations more accurately,\" he said.The new stations will shoot the data to the Insat-3A satellite, and the Earth Station in Pune will analyse the information for various regions.Met meteorologist B Amutha said the new stations would help make precise forecasts, specifying the rainfall variability in parts of Greater Chennai. The city has become the third metropolis after Delhi and Mumbai to get these stations. \"Out of the 75 rain automated gauges proposed for the state, 10 are in the Chennai; and we have already installed them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418634", "title": "File policy on handling staff shortage in Jaipur Municipal Corporation, high court tells government", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday asked the state government to file an affidavit on the efforts being made to manage the cleanliness and sanitation of Jaipur city and also to place on record a policy for induction of manpower in the Jaipur Municipal corporation (JMC) for this purpose by May 29.The order came on an appeal filed by a senior practicing lawyer of the high court - Vimal Choudhary. Choudhary had alleged before the single judge that the area behind Birla Mandir where he is residing has been used for years as a open urinal and for natural calls giving the city a bad name. It is noteworthy to mention that Lad Kumari Jain wife of Choudhary is the chairperson of the state women commission and enjoying the status of a state minister.During the hearing, additional advocate general S N Kumawat argued that since Lad Kumari Jain has a status of a minister, the locality near her residence has already been cleaned and there is no grievance of the petitioner.However, Choudhary made a strong point before the court on the contention raised by Kumawat and said, \"It is not only the places near my house but condition is the same at several other places in the city. There is lack of sanitation in the entire city and the scavenging staff entrusted with the work do not turn up. Garbage are lying here and there. There is no sense of responsibility among the officials of JMC.\"Chaudhary also cited the guidelines framed by the Union ministry for urban development wherein a system has been evolved to be adopted for sanitation and cleanliness in all cities by state governments.\"The detailed guidelines known as Municipal Solid Wastes (Management and Handaling) Rules 2000 had been framed by the ministries of enviornment and UDH. The rules were framed by an expert committee and the state as well as the JMC is totally unaware of the new methods of cleanliness and sanitation work introduced in the rules,\" Choudhary argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13426269", "title": "Plea against Aranmula airport postponed", "text": "KOCHI: The hearing on Wednesday on a petition alleging that construction of the proposed private airport at Aranmula would lead to destruction of the characteristics of the Global Heritage Village, was postponed by the high court for four weeks.The petition against the proposed Greenfiled Airport project was filed by advocate C V Manuvilsan.A causative factor in Unesco granting Aranmula the Global Heritage Village status is because of the famous Aranmula Mirror that is made here. However, construction of the airport on a 500-acre stretch here would impede the availability of resources for making this mirror, the petitioner alleged.The clay extracted from the paddy lands that will be reclaimed for constructing the airport is an essential ingredient in the manufacturing process of the mirror, the petitioner contends.Copper and white lead are mixed in a particular ratio, melted, and poured into a clay mould and made into a non-reflecting metal object to make the mirror. The particular clay used in the manufacturing process is available only in the paddy lands that have been identified for the airport, the petitioner points out.When the petition came up for admission before division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice A M Shaffique, the court said the matter would be heard after four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13425426", "title": "UT moots underpass for international airport", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Connectivity from Chandigarh to the upcoming international airport in Mohali has become a cause of concern for the UT administration as commuters from the city will have to take a longer route. Sources said UT has suggested construction of an underpass from Chandigarh to the terminal to provide direct connectivity for city residents. The issue was also discussed at the recent meeting of the coordination committee of UT, Punjab and Haryana where common issues were taken up.In its status report of the master plan, the administration has already pointed out that the proposed Mohali international airport was planned \"without due coordination\" with the Chandigarh administration. \"Coordination with Chandigarh is required because connectivity to the airport needs to be carefully worked out so that the city commuters and visitors coming here are not put to any inconvenience,\" it said. For the airport, the Greater Mohali Area Development Authority had handed over 305 acres of land in Jheourheri village to the Airport Authority of India (AAI) in September 2008.The project is to be completed by a joint venture company and Punjab, Haryana and AAI would be funding it. Both Punjab and Haryana have 24.5% stake each in the company, while the remaining share is with AAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13426202", "title": "Trauma workshop today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The third successive 'trauma and emergency life support' workshop will be provided to police personnel and responsible volunteers of the city on Thursday at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32.Raj Bahadur, director principal, GMCH said that this will help in strengthening skills of police personnel and volunteers in the field of handling patients on the roads. Whenever any trauma or accident occurs, there are many bystanders who can be utilized for providing first aid on the spot if trained properly.These workshops are being conducted under Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general, Police, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422274", "title": "Vasudhara Dairy chalks out vision 2015", "text": "VADODARA: Valsad's Vasudhara Dairy has chalked out a futuristic plan 'Journey 2015' - a vision document to increase its milk processing capacities and annual turnover. With this, the milk union, a member of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), will also increase its supply to Mumbai from 3 lakh litres per day (LLPD) to five LLPD.The dairy which operates in the tribal belt of the state with over 50 per cent women representation - the highest in Gujarat - will be expanding milk processing capacities of its Alipur plant in Navsari and Nagpur plant in Maharashtra by investing Rs 30 crore.Additionally, the milk union is setting up fully automated cattle feed plant at Khergam, near Chikhli, with capacity of 300 metric tonnes per day expandable to 500 metric tonnes per day with an investment of Rs 40 crore.Vasudhara Dairy presently runs five units, including the main Alipur plant, which has capacity to process three LLPD milk, the dairy plant in Boisar with capacity to process four LLPD, the ice cream plant in Boisar with 60,000 LPD ice-cream capacity, the ice cream plant in Nagpur with one LLPD milk and 20,000 LPD ice cream and the Motapondha chilling-cum-packaging station near Vapi that has one LLPD milk chilling and packaging capacity.\"By 2015, we expect to receive average five LLPD milk from our own society with the total milk processing capacity to reach 11 LLPD to meet the demand of liquid milk envisaged by GCMMF. With this, we expect our financial turnover to touch Rs 1,400 crore from present Rs 935 crore,\" Vasudhara Dairy's chairman Mogha Desai says.\"We will be expanding our Alipur plant's capacity to five LLPD and Nagpur plant's capacity to two LLPD,\" says Desai, adding that after the dairy set up its plants in Nagpur and Boisar in Maharashtra in 2002 and 2006 the dairy counts for 3 LLPD milk supply in Mumbai and 1.15 LLPD milk supply in Nagpur and Raipur .Interestingly, the union, which covers three districts - Valsad, Navsari and Dangs under its milk shed area, was the first among all the co- operative dairies of Gujarat to enter in ice cream business under Amul brand in 1997 when it took over an ice cream plant in Boisar and moved from Gujarat to Maharashtra for business.\"Since last three years, we are the highest contributor for ice cream to GCMMF as we contribute an average 35 to 40 percent of the total ice cream demand of GCMMF,\" Valsad Dairy's managing director Narendra Vashi says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13425133", "title": "Land sharks gobble up 80-cottah pond", "text": "KOLKATA: Encroachment of waterbodies continues unabated. After a pond was filled up in Dum Dum and another in Nonadanga late last year, land sharks have struck yet again - this time in the city proper - filling up an 80-cottah waterbody to construct residential highrises. The encroached pond is at 51A Canal Circular Road behind Apollo Gleneagles Hospital in east Kolkata.The controversial plot, that locals say rippled with water till three to four months ago, has now been filled up with earth. Though some claimed that the 80-cottah 'land' in question was a low-lying area where water accumulated during monsoon, giving the impression of a waterbody, others disputed it in hushed tones and informed that a pond had existed there for years. Sources said both muscle and money had played a part in suppressing voices in the neighbourhood.The presence of shanties housing washermen is the only evidence of a 'waterbody'. In south Kolkata, too, washermen live in a cluster around a pond off Pramathesh Barua Sarani. \"With the pond at Canal Circular Road now gone, the washermen have to make do with water from a well,\" said washerwoman Uma Razak.It was a local resident who alerted environment activist Subhas Datta about the encroachment. The latter went on a recce on Wednesday afternoon, but was stopped by private security guards posted at the site. It was only after police arrived that the guards relented. What Datta saw left him in shock. \"There is no sign of a pond now. It has been completely filled up,\" he said.Sources said the pond has been filled up over the past couple of months under blanket security. The entrance to the plot is shrouded with a black tarpaulin and entry strictly monitored. There is absolute secrecy over who the promoters are and what is to be constructed at the encroached site.Some, however, brazenly claimed that the 'so-called pond' was a lowland. \"It is good that it is being filled up,\" said Rajesh Sharma, who has been living here for 40 years. Activist Bonani Kakkar, who has fought many a legal battle for wetland conservation, clarified that any waterbody over 5 cottah comes under the purview of Inland Fisheries Act and any wetland, whatever be the condition, cannot be converted to dry land.A 16-year-old spilled the beans. \"The pond had a lot of water, but the people have been filling it gradually for years. The activity picked up steam over the past couple of months,\" he said.An FIR has been lodged and Phool Bagan police have written to Kolkata Municipal Corporation for action. KMC has, in turn, asked police to maintain a 24x7 vigil and plans to inspect the site soon. \"A joint inspection will be carried out with representatives of the pollution control board, inland fisheries department and KMC's project management unit,\" said KMC member, mayor-in-council (environment) Sanchita Mondol.South Asian Forum for Environment chair Dipayan Dey isn't too enthused with the assurance of an inspection. \"It is our collective responsibility to end the encroachment and filling of wetlands. But no one is doing anything about it. There are several cases like these, but they never come to our notice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423609", "title": "Trinamool Congress cautious on red carpet welcome to Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress on Wednesday soft-pedalled the red carpet welcome that Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav got at the UPA anniversary dinner in Delhi on Tuesday. Clearly, it does not want to precipitate a crisis with a knee-jerk response on the eve of the presidential election and then the Lok Sabha polls.\"I don't think Mulayamji was given any undue prominence at the programme. Leaders of a number of other parties were present. He is a senior man,\" Union minister Saugata Roy , who represented Trinamool at the dinner and shared a table with the Prime Minister and Mulayam Singh, told TOI over phone. \"I attended the programme because I was asked by my party.\"Another Trinamool representative in Union ministry, Sultan Ahmed, said nothing much should be read into the absence of Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and other senior Trinamool leaders at the dinner. \"She had preoccupations in state politics. On two other earlier occasions, when Mamata Banerjee was in Delhi, she had attended the Prime Minister's dinner. Too much should not be interpreted from our absence. There were 500 invitees, many of them could not attend. Many of them had other engagements. There was no instruction from our party that all of us will have to attend the dinner,\" he said.It is wrong to interpret that Congress accorded too much prominence to Mulayam Singh as it was looking for an alternative ally in place of Trinamool, Ahmed feels. \"At UPA dinners, as is the practice, partners of the alliance share the table with the Prime Minister. There are three to four chairs for them in the PM's table.\" There was no threat to the UPA government and the Lok Sabha elections are still many months away, he pointed out. \"The political permutations and combinations are still in the stage of formation.\"Though the presidential polls are due in July, Ahmed said this, too, would not pose any threat to the UPA government as Mamata had not given any hint so far that she would ditch Congress. \"Didi has already announced that she will support the UPA candidate for the post of President. True, she has suggested two or three names, but she has not campaigned for any of them. Besides, all of them are close to Congress,\" Ahmed said.If this remained the official refrain, a few other MPs saw signs of a growing consensus \"over a political nominee\" for the forthcoming Presidential polls in July. One of them argued: \"If Congress were to still propose a name which isn't acceptable to Trinamool, they have to build a consensus not only with SP, BSP and RJD but also Left. This is a difficult proposition since the union government still has to continue till 2014.\" Another MP suggested: \"Such overtures shows Congress's desperation to get a political nominee for Rasina Hill to help manoeuvre it till 2014 - and even after. It is unlikely, given the changing political dynamics of the states, that Congress will have the strength to navigate its course without help after 2014.\"But another Trinamool leader had a different take on this. \"The broader consensus which Mamata Banerjee had succeeded in creating over the NCTC issue among regional parties now appears to be over. At least, on the issue of Presidential polls, the divide is out in the open. By openly naming her preferences, Mamata Banerjee also runs the risk of being isolated if neither of her candidates is elected President. This will also have a bearing on UPA-II.\"Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee general secretary Om Prakash Mishra, too, did not think that Mamata's suggestions on UPA's candidate for the post of President should set the alarm bells ringing. \"She has expressed herself on her choices. The largest constituent of UPA (read Congress) will decide on its nominee in due course.\" He thought Mulayam Singh was given his due importance in the UPA dinner, but \"nothing extraordinary\". \"Mulayamji has extended support to the UPA government, he attended the dinner and is a senior leader,\" Mishra said in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13438884", "title": "Kamal, KSR together again", "text": "Kamal Haasan and K S Ravikumar share a good vibe. They had teamed up for films like Avai Shanmugi , Panchathathiram and Dasavatharam and created a trend in Tamil cinema with their movies.Buzz is that the two will come together for a film again. Sources say Kamal Haasan and KSR will again work for a Aascar Ravichandran movie which is still to-be titled. The search for the rest of the cast is on. Sources say that Kamal Haasan will shoot for the movie once his ambitious Viswaroopam will hit the screens.Initially Shankar was supposed to do the film, but the baton has been passed to K S Ravikumar now.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13424695", "title": "January 26, August 15 not government recognized holidays?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government has never issued any formal orders for national holidays on Republic Day, Independence Day or Gandhi Jayanti. The fact has come to fore through a Right to Information (RTI) application filed by city girl Aishwarya Parashar.Aishwarya on an earlier occasion had filed an RTI asking \"who gave the title of Father of the Nation to Mahatma Gandhi?\"A student of City Montessori School, Aishwarya's mother Urvashi is an RTI activist. On April 25, Aishwarya wrote to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) seeking attested copies of Government Orders under which the three holidays are observed by the nation.She said the home ministry replied to her, \"No such orders were issued.\" The Central and state governments and private sector consider January 26 (Republic Day), August 15 (Independence Day) and October 2 (Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary) as holidays.Aishwarya, an ardent follower of Mahatma Gandhi's principles, said, \"When I read in books that Mahatma Gandhi is known as 'Father of the Nation', I was curious to know who gave him the title. I searched on internet but nothing came out so I filed an RTI.\" There was also no official record for under which order the title 'Father of the Nation' bestowed upon Mahatma Gandhi.She filed an RTI to know the order under which Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary is observed as national holiday and added Republic Day and Independence Day as she may get answer from the government. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13426995", "title": "Angry lecturers boycott valuation", "text": "BANGALORE: As BEd lecturers boycotted evaluation on the first day on Wednesday , the controversy over Bangalore University (BU) renewing affiliation to 11 blacklisted BEd colleges overnight saw a fresh twist.The evaluators said they believe the university has been unethical in its decision to renew the affiliation. The varsity , they alleged, circumvented the Local Inspection Committee (LIC)'s decision , which denied affiliation to these colleges almost three months ago. BU had reportedly acted on a letter issued by a minister and granted express affiliation to the 11 colleges on May 9, 2012, to begin the exam process from May 10.The evaluators said they will continue to boycott till the university reverses its decision. They will also give a memorandum to the vice-chancellor.Opposing this stance is DN Nataraj, general secretary, Karnataka State BEd Lecturers' and Principals' Association. \"Evaluation has got nothing to do with BU's decision of renewing affiliation. They are two different issues,\" he said.The evaluators have taken this stand, to strongly oppose BU allowing those colleges to conduct exams, which are not following the course structure and providing inadequate training and merely want to put up a facade of normalcy by conducting the exams. This step is necessary if the larger goal of improvement in quality of education is to be achieved, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420779", "title": "Re 1.50 cut in petrol price by June?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Consumers can look forward to a reduction of more than Re 1 in petrol price by the end of this month, given the trend in the international price of crude and motor spirit - the trade name for petrol - in the Singapore bulk market.If that happens, the government may try to take credit for the reduction to placate allies such as Trinamool Congress and the Samajwadi Party and the DMK who have sought a rollback. But what may appear as a concesion to them actually be based on hard numbers.Indeed, government sources said the reduction is already factored in by the state-run oil marketers. \"Unless there's any more dramatic fall in the rupee's value against the dollar, a reduction of Rs 1 or Rs 1.50 per litre is quite certain. After adding taxes, the actual reduction at pumps would be around Rs 2 a litre. This will restrict the hike at Rs 5 per litre -- the same as the highest quantum that was affected before Wednesday's revision,\" one source said.This is how it works: Petrol price in India is benchmarked to a weighted mix of crude and motor spirit prices in Singapore. The oilmarketers have based Wednesday's hike taking the first fortnight's average price of $109 per barrel for crude and $124 a barrel for motor spirit in Singapore.These numbers have already come down. The mix of crude that the state refiners import is down at $106 a barrel. Similarly, motor spirit slid to $116 a barrel on Tuesday. If Wednesday's close of $91/barrel for the benchmark Brent crude - a seven-month low -- is any indication to go by, the prices will head south further in the remaining days in the current fortnight.The sources said the increase was well orchestrated. Oil companies usually review prices on the 15th and last day of each month. The deviation on Wednesday was to organise political alibi for oil minister S Jaipal Reddy who is away in Turkmenistan. Reddy is learnt to have given the go-ahead for raising petrol price before leaving. His absence gave the government an opportunity to distance and argue that it had no role to play since petrol is a deregulated fuel.The same script will be continued but with a variation. When Reddy will be in Delhi whenever the reduction takes place and this time the government will not distance from the succour - so much for petrol being an decontrolled product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13427902", "title": "HC firm on tribunal to probe land grab in Chandigarh suburbs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making it clear that only a tribunal can probe the illegal possession of forest land in UT periphery by high-ups independently, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked Punjab advocate general (AG) to work out the terms of reference for the formation of a tribunal and inform the court on Thursday morning.When the matter came up for hearing before a division bench headed by acting Chief Justice M M Kumar, Punjab AG, Ashok Aggarwal, reiterated that there is no need to set up any tribunal. However, the bench made it clear that only an independent inquiry by a tribunal can reveal the truth in the matter.The bench also suggested the name of a lawyer having proficiency in revenue matters as member of the tribunal. Thereafter, the bench asked the state AG and amicus curie to come up with the terms of reference in the matter on Thursday morning.Retired supreme court judge Justice Kuldeep Singh has already given his consent for appointment as head of the proposed tribunal.The matter of properties in an around Chandigarh held by various VIPs had reached the HC when Nayagoan-resident Kuldip Singh filed a writ petition in 2007 alleging land grabbing by VIPs in UT periphery. Following the petition, HC directed an inquiry into the matter. The inquiry was conducted by then DGP rank officer, Chander Shekhar, who superannuated in November last year. Thereafter, a committee under the supervision of Punjab chief secretary is monitoring the issue.The probe conducted by Chander Shekhar had revealed that high-ups were involved in illegal construction in over 70 acres of forest land around Chandigarh. In the last report submitted before his retirement, Chander Shekhar had recommended a CBI probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13421809", "title": "Over 20,000 take Allahabad University's BSc, BCom entrance tests", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Undergraduate Admission Test (UGAT) for BSc and BCom was conducted by the Allahabad University on Wednesday. About 93% aspirants appeared in the two tests 22 test centres at Allahabad and seven other districts.Admission cell director Prof BN Singh said BSc entrance was held at Allahabad, Bareilly, Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, New Delhi and Patna. Out of 21,515 applicants for BSc, 20,210 appeared in the test. In Allahabad, 16,825 candidates were registered and 15,994 candidates appeared in the entrance test.Prof Singh said 89% candidates appeared in the test at outstation centres. A total of 4,690 aspirants were registered and 4,216 candidates appeared in the test. Among outstation centres, the highest number of examinees were registered at Varanasi wherein 2,747 aspirants appeared out of a total 3,023 registered candidates.At Bareilly, 290 aspirants appeared out of 331 registered, at Bhopal 30 appeared out of 38 registered, at Bhubaneswar two candidates appeared, at New Delhi 123 appeared, at Patna, 40 candidates were registered and 29 appeared and at Gorakhpur 1102 candidates were registered and 995 appeared.In BCom entrance, 10,502 candidates were registered out of which 7651 were of Allahabad and 2851 from other test centres, said the director.AU vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh also visited different centres of the city in morning and evening session and the test was conducted smoothly, said Prof Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421345", "title": "Jubilee Hills struggles to fulfil realty potential", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from being a plush neighbourhood, Jubilee Hills is also touted as a hot commercial destination by both retailers and corporate bigwigs.Reports by major real estate consultants indicate, despite political unrest and the recession, a spiralling demand for space in this part of town in the last few years.But while these surveys suggest there has been a robust growth in business in this area, the ground reality seems fairly different. A recent study reveals that about 50% of the commercial space in Jubilee Hills is currently lying unoccupied.Of the 72 buildings constructed over the last three-four years along Road No36, Jubilee Hills, only 33 boast full occupancy. The rest are either partly-occupied or altogether without tenants. Although the ground floors of most of these buildings have been leased out, pointing to a rush for retail space, the upper storeys have seen few takers, the survey states.It attributes the slow absorption of office area to the steep rise in demand for IT parks. \"Also, most IT clients are looking for furnished spaces, which building owners here are not willing to provide as that entails additional expenses,\" said D Sreedhar Reddy, president of the National Association of Realtors (NAR-India), while elaborating on the report.Another deterrent, according to the report, are the high rentals in the core city area which have seen a constant rise over the last two years. While the going rate in IT parks, with air-conditioning and power back-up facilities, is about Rs 35 per square feet (sqft) elsewhere, in Jubilee Hills, rentals have already touched Rs 50 per sqft.Owners of some properties, the survey reveals, are even quoting a high Rs 100 per sqft for their space. These buildings are not just unfurnished but also lack power back-up. However, they enjoy better market value for their location and proximity to the IT hub of Madhapur and to the city centre, which is not the case with SEZs.\"It is impossible for us to lease out space at such cheap rates. All our negotiations so far have failed to work out as clients refuse to pay anything more than Rs 30 per sqft,\" said Ravi Kumar, the owner of a private building on this stretch.Despite over a year having passed, three floors of his four-storied commercial property are still lying empty. \"The ground and first floors, however, got leased out to retail chains as soon as the property was ready,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13426632", "title": "Nurses' strike called off", "text": "KOCHI: Low wages and unrevised salary for the past thirty years prompted the nurses of a private trust-run hospital to go on strike on Wednesday.Around 60 nurses from Suchindra Medical Mission Hospital, Kacheripady ended their five-hour strike the same day towards noon when the hospital authorities conceded to their demands.\"This was a long-pending decision that had to be taken. It is sad that the authorities needed 30 years and a strike to figure it out. We never wanted to call a strike and cause havoc for patients. But now we are happy that our voices have been finally heard,\" said Mary L, a senior nursing staff at the hospital, who hasn't received a pay hike throughout her 34 years of service.The wages, which averaged from Rs 4,000 to Rs 8,000 (depending on service seniority), will have their pay revised as per the present labour laws, the hospital management authorities said.The Indian Nurse Association ( Kerala State Committee) was unaware of such a demand by this faction of nurses.The strike was headed by the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) members. \"It is perplexing that they decided to agree to the demands when a strike was called upon. The nurses have been demanding it since January. They could have settled it much before our party got involved,\" said a CITU representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13438642", "title": "Printed words", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A national level executive development programme on 'Publishing 2.0: Business Strategies for the 21st Century' will be held at Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode (IIMK) from May 21-23, 2012. The current mainstream publishing process, scholarly as well as trade, has been significantly influenced by the endless possibilities offered by computers, Internet, World Wide Web and its suite of technologies. ePublishing offers a way to bring a new equilibrium to the scholarly publication ecosystem.The workshop will be inaugurated by Prof Debashis Chatterjee, director of IIMK, followed by his keynote on \"Change Management Imperatives for the Publishing Enterprise\". Highly experienced faculty from IIM Kozhikode and from other prestigious institutions, both academia as well as industry, will be handling the sessions. The workshop will be offered by a team led by Dr M G Sreekumar of IIMK.The programme shall map the changing landscape of the publishing domain and will be extensively discussing and debating on the current trends as well as the future course of publishing which is poised to have a tremendous impact both in the industry as well as the society.It has been designed to provide a vivid and candid perspective of the already perfected and fast upcoming revolution in the publishing industry. It shall help the participants identify the key strengths and opportunities in the new technology environment that shall help achieve organisational transformation, and in strengthening the publishing enterprise's productivity, efficiency and the future.It shall also impart the knowledge and skills (conceptual as well as technical components) required for strategy formulation for leveraging information technology for the publishing community and the information intermediaries, so as to equip them to face the challenges proactively and to position themselves at the cutting edge of technology, profession and business. Furthermore, it shall portray the potential of web technologies and the Internet information infrastructure for scholarly communication and scholarly publishing.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420773", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi seeks check against clash of election symbols", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Wednesday requested the chief election commissioner against allocating certain election symbols like hat, railway engine, auto and road-roller for the Parkal byelection as they appear similar to their party's election symbol - a car.Claiming that these symbols had resulted in unintentional cross-voting in recent byelections, TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao, in his submission to the election commission (EC), enclosed clippings of a newspaper report quoting TRS sources on the confusion generated by similar-looking symbols. The report claimed that TRS lost nearly 23,000 votes to independent candidates in four Assembly constituencies due to the confusion over symbols. They argued that the allocation of any of the aforesaid symbols to independent candidates could once again result in cross-voting.According to KCR, independent candidates with symbol auto secured 6,234 votes in Station Ghanpur, 6,759 in Kamareddy, 3,961 in Adilabad and 7,197 in Kollapur in the recent byelections. He even claimed the auto symbol had something to do with former TDP leader Nagam Janardhan Reddy securing 70,001 votes in Nagarkurnool.KCR said: \"Although they may be different objects, when the images are printed on the ballot (either print or electronic) it appears blurred. So, voters get confused while casting their ballot. We request you not to allocate the aforesaid symbols to other contestants in Parkal as it may cause a lot of confusion and impact the voting pattern. We appeal to you to consider our request positively and enable fair conduct of elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13441844", "title": "Anup Soni to do a cameo in 'Shubh Vivah'", "text": "TOI was the first to break the news about Amrit (Eijaz Khan) dying on Sony TV's 'Shubh Vivah'. As mentioned earlier, Saroj (Neha Janpandit) and Amrit will have a huge fight wherein Saroj kills her husband.Now in order to cash in on the on-going drama, the makers of the serial have decided to spice up the plot by bringing in Anup Soni who will do a cameo on the show. Soni hosts the popular crime show 'Crime Patrol' .Sources inform that Anup will be seen as himself, and will play the host from Crime Patrol. He will narrate Saroj's story where she kills Amrit, in true 'Crime Patrol' style.When contacted, Anup Soni said, \"Yes I will be seen in the show but I can't comment on it as I am yet to shoot the sequence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13427852", "title": "Sexual abuse in Apna Ghar: 4 more girls medically examined", "text": "ROHTAK: Two weeks after alleged wrong doings in Apna Ghar, a home for destitutes run by disgraced NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh were exposed, police finally woke up to get four more victims, who were allegedly subjected to sexual abuse, medically examined.Medical examination of a girl, which was conducted soon after the arrest of Jaswanti and her kin, had confirmed that she was subjected to sexual abuse.Meanwhile, with a view to confirm motherhood, police have initiated proceedings for DNA examination of six women, whose children were allegedly given for adoption by Jaswanti, owner of Apna Ghar, to issueless couples over the last two years. The court on Tuesday gave the go-ahead to police in this regard.However, contrary to police claims, investigating officers were yet to reach out or recover the six mentally challenged girls, who were believed to have been abandoned by members and representatives of the NGO, a day ahead of raids conducted by NCPCR team, sources said.The incident took place on May 9 when, acting on leads by the NCPCR team, police started investigations into the functioning and murky deals of NGO and its head Jaswanti.Even as there was delay in getting the victim girls medically examined, investigations into the wealth and properties acquired by Jaswanti are also yet to conclude, sources said.Rohtak DSP, Dharna Yadav, who is associated with the probe, reiterated that investigations were heading in the right direction. \"I cannot disclose the details right now. The girls who alleged sexual abuse have been medically examined at PGIMS on Wednesday and the report is likely to arrive soon. While the probe into trading of children is in progress, we have got the accounts of the NGO sealed through the district administration\", Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420987", "title": "Petrol price hike to have marginal impact on inflation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sharp increase in petrol prices will have a marginal impact on inflation but any increase in diesel and cooking gas prices may hurt, experts said on Wednesday.Oil marketing companies on Wednesday raised petrol prices by Rs 7.50 a litre adding to the anxiety of consumers and raising expectations that the increase will make life difficult for the common man.Stubborn inflation for a sustained period has hurt the budget of households and fuelled anger against rising prices. After showing some signs of easing, inflation has once again started inching upwards while food inflation has touched double digits.Soaring vegetable prices pushed inflation higher in April, while fuel and manufactured product prices sustained their pressure, posing a fresh policy challenge and announcing the return of price pressures in Asia's third-largest economy.Govt data showed the annual rate of inflation, based on monthly wholesale price index, stood at 7.23% for April (over April 2011) compared to 6.89% for the previous month.\"The petrol price increase will have some impact on the consumer price index but negligible impact on the wholesale price index,\" said Planning Commission adviser Pronob Sen.He said the increase was triggered by the sharp depreciation of the rupee against the dollar. \"Diesel prices will have to be tackled,\" Sen said. Any increase in diesel prices has a large impact on inflation as it has a larger weightage in the index and most goods are transported largely by road.\"We see a 10-15 basis points impact on inflation. But if diesel and LPG prices are revised soon, then the whole calculation will be different,\" said Indranil Pan, chief economist at Kotak Mahindra Bank .He said the Reserve Bank of India will now go into a wait and watch mode due to the acceleration of inflation. \"Policy will be status-quo from now on,\" Pan said. The RBI had cut interest in its previous policy review but economists said the scope for sharp decline in policy rates is limited against the backdrop of price pressures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424529", "title": "Trinamool Congress's oppression rising in West Bengal, says Brinda Karat", "text": "KOLKATA: Referring to the petrol price hike, CPM politburo member Brinda Karat on Wednesday criticized Mamata Banerjee, saying she owes the people four years of explanation - three years in the Centre and a year in the state.She also criticized the alleged interference on democratic rights in the state. She said: \"A rape happens in Park Street and even before investigations are over the CM said the complaint is false. Will any woman, who faces the same ordeal, ever dare to go to police after this?\" According to her, attacks on CPM workers and supporters are rising. \"Before the next session of the Parliament, we will stage a dharna in New Delhi and you all, who've been the target of Trinamool oppression, will be a part of it,\" she added.\"During UPA-I, PM Manmohan Singh had once said he felt like a bonded labour. He should be asked how does he feel now,\" Brinda told a public rally in Kanchrapara, referring to the forced rollback on a host of measures by the Centre in face of Trinamool opposition.Brinda, who followed the footsteps of other CPM politburo members, party general secretary Prakash Karat and former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee to rev up the North 24-Parganas party ranks, hit by infighting, said: \"How can Trinamool deny a role in what is happening? Even today the petrol prices have been hiked. The decision to deregularise petrol prices was taken when Mamata Banerjee was a cabinet minister. This is their responsibility too.\"Incidentally, speaking in two back-to-back rallies in Pannihati and Shyamnagar in North 24-Paraganas on May 13, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat had predicted a hike in the petrol and diesel prices by May-end. \"The Centre may hike the prices of petrol and diesel in the last week of this month after the current Parliament session is over,\" the senior CPM leader had told the rally.Taking a dig at the Trinamool Congress , he had said whenever the fuel price is raised, Trinamool - an ally of the government - contended that it was not consulted. \"Trinamool is part of the government, but whenever there is rise in the prices of petrol, they would claim that they have not been consulted,\" Karat had said.It may be noted Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said much the same today while opposing the petrol price hike on Wednesday.This is only symbolic of what is happening across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13439390", "title": "Samuthirakani on song", "text": "Samuthirakani who is busy with the Kannada remake of his film Porali starring Puneet Rajkumar in the lead, is to next direct a Tamil film featuring Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead.Buzz is that director-actor is scheduled to play an important role in national award-winning director Seenu Ramasamy's Neer Paravai .Samuthirakani will play an important role in Neer Paravai , which features Vishnu and Sunaina in the lead.He is currently playing the lead role in Saatai , is ready for release.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419225", "title": "Fear, panic, relief and anxiety before joyous reunion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Plumes of smoke billowing out of the building, glass being shattered by rescue workers and people frantically rushing towards the exit - this sums up the scene outside UCO Bank Bhavan near Parliament Street on Wednesday. Hundreds of bystanders - including those working at PNB's head office that caught fire and other nearby offices - waited with bated breath, praying that everyone caught in the inferno comes out safe.There were more than 250 people inside the PNB office when the fire broke out. While some managed to escape through the thick clouds of smoke, others gathered on the top floor waiting for help. Fire brigade officials used sky lifts and hydraulic lifts to rescue those trapped inside the building.\"When the fire alarm rang, I tried to run downstairs but there was smoke all around and the lifts were not working. I couldn't take the stairs because I recently underwent a surgery so I decided to wait on the fourth floor till help arrived. Fire officials came about 15 minutes later and they broke the windowpanes to pull us out,\" said Rita Tandon, a senior manager with the bank. Women were rescued first, said another bank official.Another employee who managed to escape was worried for her senior whose whereabouts were unknown at that time. \"My boss was behind me. I don't know where she went. I tried calling her but got no answer,\" said Ruchi Radha.Anxiety gave way to an emotional scene outside the building as colleagues hugged each other after being rescued. Family members of those working in the building also rushed to the spot. Top officials of the bank held a series of meetings even as rescue operations continued to assess the damage to property and valuable information stored at the data centre. \"Many computers on the ground floor have got damaged. The cash section is likely to have been affected. However, the lockers are intact though,\" said an official.Police personnel had to block traffic on parts of Ashoka Road and Parliament Street as rescue operations went on. Witnesses said labourers at the adjacent Election Commission campus were the first to rush to the spot and they used a hydrant to douse the flames before fire tenders arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13425376", "title": "Men in blue: CBI officers don new uniform", "text": "CHENNAI: Picture this: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) agents descend on a crime scene wearing navy blue jackets and caps emblazoned with 'CBI' in white, like the 'FBI' on the jackets of their counterparts in the American Federal Bureau of Investigation .Residents are soon going to see scenes like this in real life, with the country's premier investigating agency getting a new dress code. CBI officials in Chennai will soon get the uniform. The agency, officials said, is in the process of procuring the new uniforms.A senior CBI official in New Delhi said the move was the brainchild of the agency's director, A P Singh, following a series of complaints of conmen posing as CBI officers to extort money and commit other crimes. The agency has also put up a advisory on its website, cautioning people not to be conned by people claiming to be CBI officers.Agency sleuths, who normally wear formals, wore the new uniform for the first time when they recently searched and raided the residences of former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's sons and daughter in Bangalore.After the 2G scam there were a number of instances, mostly unreported, of conmen making away with huge sums of money by promising to prevail upon CBI officers to go slow on the accused, an official said. The agency decided to take stern action against such conmen and also find a way to put checks on them. The new dress code is one step towards this, the CBI official said. Officers have been advised to wear the uniform only during searches and raids.According to a advisory released recently by the CBI, \"instances of conmen and fraudsters posing as CBI officers or acquaintances of officers are trying to extort money or favours from the general public\" have come to the notice of the agency. \"Such imposters normally avoid displaying identity cards and approach public servants, offer to settle complaints and cases handled by the agency for money or favours.\"It has also been reported that certain emails with a CBI logo and bearing names of senior CBI officers are being sent to the public, claiming to validate foreign transactions such as fund transfer, overseas employment, payments made by purported international organizations in the form of lottery proceeds and bank transfers,\" the advisory said. \"The CBI does not certify or validate foreign remittance or transaction of funds.\" The advisory urged the public to bring such emails to the notice of the CBI New Delhi on telephone 011-24362755, 011-24361273 or by email at information@cbi.gov.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13421317", "title": "2 killed in factory blast", "text": "WARDHA: Two persons were killed while five sustained injuries in a blast at Aravali Explosive situated at Talegaon (Raghuji), near Kharangana, 30km from Wardha, on Wednesday.Ramu Uike (30) of Dahegaon and Prashant Ladhi (25) of Nagpur succumbed to injuries when they were taken to Sewagram hospital. The condition of Lakshman Uike, Pramod Bhagat, Lakshman Kamble, Bhaskar Pethe and Avinash Kathane was reported to be serious.The factory manufactures detonators used to blast wells and stones. Around 11am on Wednesday, there was a blast due to short circuit in the pitiga section of the factory where 40 persons were working.Ganesh Mathur, factory owner and a resident of Delhi, could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13418952", "title": "Relief for Shiela Kaul in scam trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday exempted 98-year-old former Union minister Shiela Kaul from appearing personally before it for framing of charges for her trial in a 1996 government accommodation allotment scam.Special CBI Judge Pradeep Chaddah exempted Kaul from personal appearance for the day after her counsel submitted that she has moved the Delhi high court against the court's order for her personal appearance for framing of charges.An accused has to be personally present in the trial court during the proceedings in his or her case, specially on occasions like framing of charges.Referring to the court's earlier order that Kaul will have to come to the court as there is no immunity for aged people under law, Kaul's counsel said the high court \"might just make some law.\"The court then adjourned the matter till disposal of the petition before the high court. \"I allow the application moved and exempt the presence of Sheila Kaul for Wednesday. Let the file come up for framing of charges on July 16. Depending upon the order of the high court, accused Sheila Kaul shall be appearing in person,\" the court said.The court had on May 9 asked Kaul to appear before it to answer the charges framed against her while denying her further relief from personal appearance on ground of old age. Kaul, the former Union urban development minister in P V Narasimha Rao's cabinet, is accused of making out-of-turn allotment of government accommodation for making pecuniary gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13419246", "title": "Octroi collection goes up by 20% after Anti-Corruption Bureau crackdown", "text": "MUMBAI: Collection at the city's four toll nakas increased by up to 20% in the past one week after the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) carried out raids on octroi agents who had been helping transporters evade the levy.The ACB had carried out simultaneous raids at Mulund, Dahisar, Vashi and Cotton Green at Sewree between May 14 and May 17. Several trucks and trailers had been detained during the raids for either undervaluing goods or they had brought fake octroi challans in connivance with some octroi agents and officials.Sources in the Octroi, which is governed by the BMC, said that the annual turnover of the civic body from the octroi is around Rs 6,000 crore, however, due to some agents and officials, the exchequer was suffering a loss of more than Rs 1,000 crore every year. \"From May 14 to May 20, the toll collection at the four octroi nakas increased by up to 20%. The Mulund check naka, which registers around 12,000 to 13,000 vehicles per day, touched the 17,000 figure and above. In Vashi, the number of vehicles that paid octroi increased from 17,000 to 20,000 per day and in Dahisar the average 11,000 increased to 12,500. \"There was an increase of up to Rs 2 crore in the collection,\" said a source.Octroi collection is the biggest source of revenue for the civic body after property tax. An official from the BMC's assessment and collection department said increased vigilance at the five octroi nakas have reduced the instances of evasion and has increased the collection significantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13419561", "title": "Prominent leaders file nominations", "text": "HYDERABAD: The race for byelections picked up pace with 79 candidates filing their papers on Wednesday taking the total nominations to 141. A flurry of political activity was witnessed in all the 18 assembly constituencies with 76 contestants jumping into the fray.Prominent candidates who filed their papers include Bhumana Karunakar Reddy, Chadalawada Krishnamurthi, M Venkataramana, B Gurunatha Reddy, Kapu Ramachandra Reddy, B V Mohan Reddy, Bhuma Shobha Rani, G Srikanth Reddy, T Bala Raju, Dharmana Krishnadas, Bikshapati M and Konda Surekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13418399", "title": "Ministry of external affairs apprised of missing Pak delegate", "text": "AJMER: A team of officials including that of intelligence bureau counted the delegation several times at Ajmer railway station on their arrival and a report was sent to foreign ministry immediately. The incident exposed lack of coordination between officials. Sources said all the delegates had submitted a photocopy of their respective passports after which tickets were given to them. However, only 462 passports were with the officials at all three places, (Old Delhi, Attari and Ajmer), where the delegation had stopped over.The special train carrying Pak delegation from New Delhi reached Ajmer at 5 am. Heavy security was already in place and the local intelligence took charge of the stay and other logistics of the visitors. \"We found one of the delegates missing when they started boarding bus for the place of their accommodation,\" said an official. The delegation is staying at the Government Central Girls School, Naya Bazaar and recounting was done there too.Last year, officials had claimed that seven of the Pakistani delegation were found missing. However, they clarified later that it was a counting error and none was missing. In 2010, five Pakistani citizens were caught roaming in Pushkar without visa and the IB had blacklisted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13423785", "title": "Rs 8,000 stolen from Chopdem temple", "text": "Mapusa: Thieves struck the Sonepurush Kalika temple at Agarwada, Chopdem, on Tuesday night, and decamped with cash amounting to 8,000.The theft came to light on Wednesday morning when the temple was opened.The complainant Rajendra Kole said the culprits gained entry into the temple by breaking the lock of the main door. They then decamped with the donation box. The donation box was found some 100 meters away from the temple with no cash in it. Pernem police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ipoh ( malaysia )", "code": "13448344", "title": "Pakistan drub Argentina 4-2 in Azlan Shah Cup opener", "text": "IPOH ( Malaysia ): Veteran penalty corner specialist Sohail Abbas celebrated his captaincy debut with a rasping drag-flick into the net as Pakistan defeated Argentina 4-2 in the opening match of the 21st Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament o Thursday.Three-time champions Pakistan, who lost last year's final to Australia through a golden goal, squandered a two-goal lead to allow the tough-tackling Argentina draw 2-2 level, but then scored twice in the last five minutes to assert their supremacy.Pakistan opened the scoring in the 34th minute, when they just had nine players on the field.After a fine solo run Shafaqat Rasool sent a diagonal ball that was picked up on top of the circle by Muhammad Irfan , who beat Argentine goalkeeper Juan Manuel Vivaldi with a firm hit.Skipper Abbas made it 2-0 in the 50th minute with a firm shot that beat Vivaldi and went high into the net.Down 0-2, the Argentines came back strongly and exploited the gaps in Pakistan's own defence.Gonzalo Peillat reduced the deficit with a penalty corner conversion in the 53rd minute when their star striker Pedro Ibarra was off the field due to a yellow-card suspension.Argentina were back on level terms at 2-2 in the 62nd minute as Mathias Parades moved behind Pakistani defenders to capitalise on a through ball from Mathias Villa, slotting it into the boards.However, Pakistan, missing several seasoned players who are facing disciplinary action for playing in the World Hockey Series in India, scored two field goals to clinch full points from the first outing here.Haseem Khan put Pakistan in the lead again by deflecting in a shot from Irfan in the 65th minute and Muhammad Waqas rounded off the scoring with a brilliant goal in the penultimate minute from a rasping cross by Shabbir Ahmed .While Argentina will face New Zealand in their next match on Friday, Pakistan will play the Black Sticks on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13429136", "title": "Mysore University reconstitutes panel for harassment cases", "text": "MYSORE: Even before the approval of statutes from the governor, who is also the university's chancellor, the University of Mysore (UoM) has reconstituted Women Harassment Complaints Committee (WHCC). This committee will deal with sexual harassment cases.It has appointed new members, which is now being questioned by a syndicate member. The university, however, is contending that the committee has been set up pending approval of the statutes from the governor.Syndicate member AM Bhaskar told TOI that he protested the move when it was tabled in the first syndicate meeting on May 8. \"What was the need to hurriedly reconstitute the committee? And, moreover the university should bring all pending recommendations by the committee before the syndicate, the apex body of UoM, before reconstituting the committee,\" he said.This comes amid controversies surrounding psychology professor G Venkatesh Kumar who is accused of sexual misconduct. The previous committee had probed the case and concluded the inquiry. \"I have written to the university registrar to bring the issue in the next syndicate meeting,\" said Bhaskar who is also an advocate. There were no statutes governing the committee's functioning.\"Directives issued by the committee were irrelevant in the absence of statutes. And the punishment or corrective measures recommended had no legal binding. It was indirectly helping the accused. If the statutes are in place there will be legal binding on the university to take recommended action by the committee,\" said a former committee member, adding that in earlier cases, the accused went scot-free with minor punishments.\"The statutes have been sent for approval and it will come soon,\"VC V G Talawar said. He said the panel was set up in 2006 following a directive from the UGC, but since then the committee was functioning without statutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13425373", "title": "Angry girls protest Panjab University move", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University girls' hostel residents may have to pay more than double the existing fine for entering hostel late. Boy hostellers on the other hand have no such restrictions. And if the latest move comes into effect, girls will have to shell out Rs 250 instead of Rs 100. While this move has triggered a fierce protest among students, university administrative officials are finding themselves in a fix.PU registrar A K Bhandari who is the acting vice chancellor in the VC's absence, said that a committee will be formed to reconsider the proposed hike. \"The item pertaining to the fee hike came up at the syndicate meeting held on May 17 but was deferred. Keeping in view the students sentiments, a committee will be constituted to consider the proposal and students will also be a part of it,\" said Bhandari.While officials may be non-committal, students are an annoyed lot following hike in hostel mess and canteen charges earlier this year.\"One has to read and refer to books from the library, which is not possible in the hostel common rooms. A special permission from the chairperson or warden is needed each time for late entry which is not always feasible. Nor is it a student-friendly thing to do,\" said Shivani Ghumbar, an M.tech student of UIET.\"Students who are doing their masters degrees or are doing research at PU are mature enough to decide what is good for them,\" pointed out Tanya Sharma, who is enrolled with University Institute of Hotel Management and Tourism ( UIHMT).University officials, however, cite discipline as the key reason for such a proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427387", "title": "Student fails in exam, hangs self", "text": "BANGALORE: A 17-year-old II PU Commerce student who failed to clear the exams, hanged himself at his Chamarajpet residence, hours after the results were announced on Wednesday. Bharath Gunashekhar of Surana College, the only son of Gunasekhar, a businessman at Raja Market, didn't leave a suicide note. The 17-year-old's body was found by his uncle G Dayanand.Police said, \"Dayanand's son had written the same exam and passed. Bharath and his cousin went with friends to a cybercafe in Chamarajpet around 2.30 pm,\" police said. Bharath had failed while Dayanand's son had passed.\"I called them on the phone and learnt about the results. I told him he could always write the supplementary examinations. I said I'll come home and talk to him. But Bharath asked his friends and my son to leave the place and wait for him near a hotel. I don't know why he took the extreme step,\" Dayanand said.Two more suicidesElsewhere in the state, two students committed suicide after they failed in the exam. In Tumkur, 17-year-old Janardhan Gowda ended his life after he failed in mathematics. In Karwar , Vivek Rajendra Anvekar, son of a jeweller, committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13424513", "title": "Hubby, cop dad-in-law held for dowry harassment", "text": "INDORE: The Bhawarkuan police registered an offence against four persons including a police sub-inspector following the complaint of a 23-year-old woman, who accused them of harassing her for dowry ever since her marriage with the cop's son. Her husband has been sent to a day's police custody while the sub-inspector was released on bail on Wednesday.CSP Bittu Saigal said that sub-inspector Ramgopal Dikshit, his wife Rama Dikshit, daughter Kalpana and son Amit were booked on charges of harassing Amit's wife, Priyanka Dikshit, for dowry. Ramgopal is attached with district special branch. The CSP said that Rama and Kalpana have not been arrested so far.According to police, Priyanka lodged a complaint accusing her in-laws and husband of harassing her demanding dowry. She is a resident of Abhinandan Nagar and told the police that her parents had given Rs 8 lakh cash, a bike worth Rs 1.5 lakh and household articles at the time of their marriage. Priyanka alleged that the Dikshits started harassing her asking to bring from her home Rs 10 lakh cash and a four wheeler.In her complaint, Priyanka alleged that she was beaten up regularly taking up the matter and the torture increased when she told the accused that she was unable to meet their dowry demand, said the police.Based on her complaint, police registered offence against the accused under Section 498 A (Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13427606", "title": "Mumbai fumes after petrol price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The single largest increase in petrol prices in India's history has understandably caused ripples of shock among consumers who found the Rs 7.92 hike per litre too hard to stomach. In one fell swoop, each user now has to shell out over 12% more on his daily commute , not to mention the snowball effect the increase will have on general inflation.Until Wednesday, petrol cost Rs 70.66 per litre in Mumbai and the latest hike will see the rate near the Rs 80-mark.No longer does the upper middle class remain insulated from the ambit of inflation. \"Jo humpey guzarni hai ek baar guzar jaaye/ Woh kitne situmgar hain, khull jaaye toh achha ho!\" said actor Farooque Shaikh, voicing the common man's helplessness. The Urdu verse urges the powers-thatbe to do the worst they can in one stroke so that their torturous ways are exposed.Actor Hema Malini admitted to scolding her staff at the enormous petrol bills they run up each month. \"I scrutinize my monthly expenses when I sign the transport vouchers and I cannot help being shocked at the cost escalation ,\" she said. \"If well-to-do households feel this way, one can only imagine the plight of the average consumer. At this rate, we will all have to travel by autorickshaws now.\"Former bureaucrat Dinesh Afzulpurkar is not immune to the substantial spike either. \"I travel from my Nariman Point residence to Shushrusha Hospital in Dadar, where I am a director, each day. I cannot help notice how my fuel costs have risen in the past year or two, but this increase is too uncomfortable to bear. Salaried employees will suffer,\" he said.The new peak has caused vehicle owners to reconsider their mode of travel. Nilesh Vaidya, a security manager at a five-star hotel, commutes from Goregaon to Vile Parle each day but often travels to other cities, including Pune by car. His reaction was one of stunned silence. Like him, Abdul Shahid Siddiqui, a dealer in antiques at a South Mumbai hotel, failed to see why the economists in government could not avoid such an enormous \"rationalization\" . \"Where is this country headed? This is 'zulm' (atrocity). The poor will soon have no means of living an honourable, dignified existence. Even the average salesperson uses a two-wheeler , it is not as if petrol is a luxury of the upper class,\" he said.Anxiety was visible at ground zero too. As he handled long queues of last-minute fillers, pump manager Jagdish Ingle was anxiously debating how to fend them off once stocks ran dry. \"People accuse us of halting supplies deliberately. How do I explain that I suffer the same predicament? I travel to work from Jogeshwari to Grant Road and I am wondering if I should take the train instead,\" he says. Ingle had bought a motorcycle to escape the sardine-can situation in trains. In Ghatkopar, pump owner Pulin Shah agonized over having to pay Rs 1.6 lakh every day to procure the same amount of fuel for his gas station.It will hit all classes of people: Former chief secretaryAlthough it is diesel that transporters use to ply trucks and tempos, it would be naive to think that such a huge hike in petrol prices will leave no impact on general inflation, particularly food costs and household essentials. With every individual car owner having to spend over 12% more on personal travel, it is unlikely he will insulate clients and consumers from this additional expense.Former chief secretary Dinesh Afzulpurkar said the hike will hit all classes of people, including the high income bracket. \"Prices of all goods and services will increase. One cannot cut down on travel but several other budgetary cuts will be made in every home,\" he said.Shravani Shah, who designs readymade garments, said her overheads leave her no option but to pass on the burden to clients . \"The middle class is already bearing the untold weight of 10.5% food inflation, and last week, electricity rates went up. It is inevitable that private entrepreneurs and professionals will relay the burden of each hike,'' she said.Heads of industry agreed. The lethal combination of a falling rupee and escalating inflation has dampened consumer sentiment. Rahul Mehta of the Clothing Manufacturers Association of India (CMAI) said of the macrolevel outlook, \"It will add to the negative sentiment in consumer spending, causing a direct impact on expenditure on items like garments . Consumers are resisting high prices. The hike will further push up prices as costs will escalate again,\" he said. \"Exports will also be hit, negating effects of a weak rupee.\"Mumbaikars are also angry at the gradual scale of hikesfrom 25 paise or 50 paise a decade ago, to Rs 2-3 in recent years, and now Rs 7.92 per litre in one stroke.Engineer Chetan Raikar was \"speechless\" at the enormity of the increase. \"My company owns 12 cars, whose cumulative travel would amount to 3,000 km per month. I will end up spending Rs 25,000 more and no client will reimburse these hidden costs,\" he said. Echoing the thoughts of several analysts, Raikar pointed out that although the value of the rupee had fallen, the price of international crude had also witnessed a dip, thereby negating the urgency of this multiplied burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420173", "title": "Jagan aide\u2019s claim irks police", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fearing more trouble in store for him with fast-paced developments in Kadapa MP and YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, Mangali Krishna, a close aide of the MP, chose the secure environs of a jail instead of being a free man.Though Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials claimed Krishna was arrested in Jadcherla in Mahbubnagar district, Krishna embarrassed the investigators by claiming that he himself surrendered and no effort was made by the investigating agency to nab him.\"I was on the way to Hyderabad to set the record straight on several allegations being levelled against me. However, I was arrested en route to the city,'' Krishna said. What prompted Krishna to explain his position a few days before Jagan's appearance in court?\"Krishna has been convicted in the Anantapur suitcase bomb case. Besides, there are several other cases including those connected with land settlements done in connivance with Bhanu Kiran. Fearing that he will be in deep trouble if violence breaks out in the event of the arrest of Jagan, Krishna preferred to surrender,'' sources said.As personal appearance of Jagan in the Nampally court on May 28 became imminent and every chance of Krishna being dragged into some cases, he feared that he might be framed by police in criminal cases if violence breaks out, branding him an associate of Jagan. Krishna himself is facing threat from Telugu Desam Party workers since he allegedly conspired to kill TDP leader Paritala Ravi.Police officers fear that Jagan's followers might create trouble on May 28.For the last few days, the Kadapa MP's followers, especially from districts, have been visiting the Nampally criminal court complex to find out in which court their leader might appear. Sources said Krishna was in touch with CID officers for the last few days.CID officials, in the remand report, said Krishna, with the help of gangster Bhanu Kiran, had threatened Venkata Narasimha Reddy and Ranga Reddy, contractors of Handri Neeva project, and extorted Rs 1.4 crore from them by brandishing a weapon. The duo had met the contractors at Barista coffee shop, Jubilee Hills, and at CK Pally in Anantapur. He has been remanded in judicial custody till June 6. Citing life threat, Krishna's counsel requested the magistrate to send him to the Chanchalguda prison since Bhanu Kiran was lodged at Cherlapally. However, the magistrate turned down the plea. Krishna told reporters near court that the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13421663", "title": "Youths thrash polytechnic guard, take petty cash", "text": "NAGPUR: Four youths allegedly thrashed the security guard and decamped with some cash and a cell phone from a polytechnic at Trimurti Sqaure under Nandanwan police station in the wee hours of Wednesday.Despite two security guards deployed at Late Vasantdada Polytechnic, the youths ransacked the principal's cabin and fled with Rs 1000 cash from drawer and a cell phone. However, they neither searched other rooms nor took the laptop and other gadgets kept in office. Later, principal Rajkumar Vadbudhe (40), a resident of Gurudeo Nagar, filed a police complaint.The security guard Shaikh Abrahim, deployed at the entrance, said he had no idea whether the youths came using some vehicle. \"The gate was locked and they jumped over it to enter. Abrahim was sitting near the college gate and the other guard had gone to bathroom when they came inside,\" said PSI Bhimrao Patil, who investigated the spot.Abrahim told police that the youths were in their 20s and wearing T-shirts and jeans. They were not carrying any weapons or bags. When Abrahim accosted them, one of them held his collar and other slapped him. Before Abrahim could respond, they threatened him and took the keys of principal's office from him. Meanwhile, the other guard came but was also threatened by the youths.While two youths stood near the guards, the other two went inside the principal's cabin and ransacked the furniture. \"They only took Rs 1000 and a cell phone,\" said Patil. The guards and Vadbudhe claimed to be clueless about the identity of the youths. Vadbudhe told the police he had no rivalry with anyone and had no idea if the intruders had things other than robbery on their mind. Cops suspect the miscreants might be familiar with the college and the principal. \"It appears the intention was only to threaten the principal and not robbery. We are questioning the guards and would soon make sketches of the youths,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13421656", "title": "Teenage hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Yet another 18-year-old boy hanged himself at his Nandanwan residence on Tuesday night, following a heated argument with his father.According to police, Bhaskar, who has left his studies after Std IX, was slowly getting addicted to liquor and hence was reprimanded by his father, Shivram, a labourer. No suicide note was found. According to cops Bhaskar was surrounded with bad company and hence was getting addicted to many bad habits.Shivram said that Bhaskar was neither interested in studies nor was willing to do any job. Instead, he would demand money for liquor and other things.On Wednesday afternoon, Shivram and his mother, Asha went for their daily wages leaving Bhaskar and his younger brother, Pintu at home and after sending Pintu to his friend's house, Bhaskar hanged himself to the ceiling hook.Around 9pm when Asha returned home, he found Bhaskar hanging. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital but was declared brought dead. Nandanwan police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429189", "title": "464 of 1,279 illegal religious structures likely to be demolished", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic boy is all set to take a final decision on razing 1,279 religious structures constructed illegally on footpaths, roads or public property. Of these, 464 structures are likely face demolition after a decision at the meeting convened on Thursday.A senior Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) official told TOI, \"State home ministry had directed all civic bodies, including NMC, to identify illegal religious structures causing obstacles in smooth flow of traffic or developmental works following directives of the Supreme Court. Accordingly, NMC identified 1,279 structures and forwarded the list to police department for investigation.\"The police department conducted investigations and forwarded its observations to NMC. The cops have said 815 of these structures are regularly visited by devotees. Demolition or relocation of these structures may create law and order problems. There is no such problem for the remaining 464 structures, the cops said.The official said the committee led by municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will decide the fate of all structures. \"Jaiswal has convened a meeting of the committee on Thursday. Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, collector Saurabh Rao, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and officials from NMC, NIT, PWD, MSRDC are in the committee. According to the police report, 1,279 structures are listed in group A while 464 in group B. Decision to regularize or any other measure will be taken in case of group A structures. In case of group B structures, the decision to demolish or relocate will be taken. The committee will make the list public and invite suggestions and objections. The final decision and action will be taken after considering all suggestions and objections,\" he said.The illegal religious structures are located in almost all parts of the city. The highest number of such structures is in Gandhibagh Zone covering Central Nagpur followed by Laxmi Nagar Zone in South West Nagpur and Hanuman Nagar Zone in South Nagpur. The structures are mostly on footpaths and roadsides creating traffic congestion.NMC could not widen a few roads due to these illegal religious structures. NMC has been unable to raze structures or even prevent new ones from cropping up due to law and order problems.The SC had passed an order on September 29, 2009, in the sensitive issue, directing all state governments to raze structures after framing necessary guidelines and preventing establishment of new structures on footpaths, roads and public property. The state home ministry had issued circulars on October 4, 2010 and May 5, 2011, framing guidelines to identify and decide the fate of illegal religious structures.A couple of citizens from the city too had filed public interest litigation (PIL) in the high court highlighting problems for citizens due to illegal religious structures. The high court had also directed NMC to expedite the demolition process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424150", "title": "First batch of tech staff officers pass out of Military Institute of Technology", "text": "PUNE: The maiden batch of the technical staff officers course (TSOC) for army and air force and technical staff course (TSC) for the navy has completed its course activity at the Military Institute of Technology (MILIT) here.The courses are meant for select officers for holding command and staff appointments in the services. The selection is made through a competitive exam. Southern Army Commander Lt Gen A K Singh was the chief guest at the valedictory function held on Tuesday. This was the first valedictory function of TSOC post formation of the MILIT.On the occasion, Singh presented parchments and trophies to the passing out courses. Major Hemant Kumar Singh stood first in TSOC (Army) and was also the recipient of the army commander's trophy for 'Overall best all round student of the year'.Sub Lieutenant S G Karpoor and Wing Commander T K Gupta stood first in NTSC (Navy) and TSOC (Air Force), respectively.Incentive prizes were also given by Commandant &amp; Director, MILIT to Lieutenant Colonel Suresh Kallai, Lieutenant Colonel Jacob Kurien, Lieutenant Colonel Gagandeep Singh, Major Anjan Kr Basumatry, Major Karan Chadha, Major Hemant Kumar Singh, Major Abhijeet Mukherjee, Major Rohit Chittoria, Sub Lieutenant S G Karpoor and Wing Commander T K Gupta for attaining 1st, 2nd and 3rd positions in various phases of the course.During the course, the student officers are trained on applied sciences, engineering and staff subjects along with a wide range of latest military technologies.This is done by way of technical lectures by faculty, guest lectures by eminent personalities from defence and civil institutes, seminars, presentation of technical papers and dissertation. The idea is to strengthen the technical know-how.The student officers also visited various military institutes, private sector organisations, PSUs and DRDO Organisations across the country as part of their course activity. The officers would now be proceeding to their units and formations to apply the knowledge imparted by the training establishment to practical use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424205", "title": "Hunt for Tulip intensifies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The hunt for Tulip Singh alias Poonam Singh, a Bhojpuri film actress, has heated up. However, a team of crime branch officials that went to Mumbai to hunt for the actress who is accused in a cheating case could not find her.Crime branch officials have got in touch with several Mumbai jewellers who have told the city cops that Singh along with her boyfriend Raman Nayar had duped them too in a similar fashion. Singh along with her boyfriend have been named in a cheating complaint of Rs 2.5 crore by an Ahmedabad-based jeweler.This was the third complaint against Singh. Before this, CID (crime) and Ellisbridge police station too had registered separate complaints against her. \"The total sum siphoned off Singh and her boyfriend has totaled up to Rs 10 crore in Ahmedabad alone,\" said a police official.Investigations have revealed that Singh originally hails from Uttar Pradesh where she was married and has a child. \"But for the past five years she has not been in touch with her family. After migrating to Mumbai she has worked in Marathi and Bhojpuri films,\" said a crime branch official.Crime branch's sub-inspector Kiran Chaudhary said: \"It was very difficult to track them since they kept changing their mobile phones and SIM cards every 10 days. This prevented us from tracking the couple effectively.\"Finally, Raman was caught from Mumbai by the city crime branch. \"When we took him to a local police station to notify officials about the arrest, Raman started playacting and had some fake fainting fits,\" said a crime branch official. \"Mumbai police however advised us to continue with the procedure and said that Raman would miraculously recover when he realized that the arrest and his visit to Gujarat were inevitable. And, exactly as they had said Raman regained his composure as we took him into the police vehicle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440097", "title": "Three songs left in Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu", "text": "Director Gautham Menon's upcoming movie, Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu is in the last leg of shooting. The filmmakers have completed shooting for the talkie part and are left with three song sequences to be completed. Nani and Samantha are playing the lead in the Telugu version of the film which is releasing as \"Neethane En Ponvasantham\" in Tamil. Jeeva is playing the lead in the Tamil version. Touted to be a romantic entertainer, the film is being produced by C Kalyan. The film traces the story of Varun Krishna and Nithya through three different stages in their life - school, college and post-college. Ilayaraja is composing the music for the film which also stars Krishnudu, Vidhyu, Anupama, Ravi Raghavendra, Sri Ranjani, Swetha and Peerthi.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13427961", "title": "A test can tell if breast cancer will recur", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have devised a new, cheap breast cancer test that can accurately predict if a tumour is likely to return after surgery, a breakthrough they say could spare women the ordeal of chemotherapy.The test, likely to cost about \u00a3120 and expected to be available by the year end, uses a technology already available in almost all NHS labs to estimate the risk of recurrence of the most common type of the disease, called oestrogen positive (ER+) breast cancer.At present around half of the women diagnosed with breast cancer undergo chemotherapy following their surgery to reduce the chances of the illness returning . But, scientists behind the test, called ICH4, think many don't need to have this exhausting treatment as their tumours are 'low risk' and unlikely to recur , the Daily Mail reported.They estimate that the ICH4 test could pick out between 4,000 and 5,000 women every year in the UK alone who would not need chemotherapy, which lasts up to six months and normally causes side effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421109", "title": "Plans afoot to start tribal wellness centre at Araku", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tribal medicines and herbs to cure illness will soon be dispensed for the general public and tourists at Araku, a hot tourism destination in Visakhapatnam. Specialised traditional healers will provide medicines for bone fracture, arthritis and several other health problems, including medicine for snake bite and scorpion sting.A Common Facilitation and Wellness Centre on 20-acre of land is being proposed to set up by Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation of India Limited (Trifed) under the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India where the medicines will be made available.Trifed managing director Jiji Thomson informed this at a programme organised at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here on Wednesday to release a survey report on 'Diet and Nutritional status of tribal population and prevalence of hypertension among adults' brought out by the National Nutrition and Monitoring Bureau ( NNMB).Thomson said Trifed would establish a green house to produce saplings of selected proper variety of plants. At the wellness centre, modern machinery will be set up for preparation of herbal drugs from local grown species.The wellness centre will be established at a cost of Rs 10 crore to Rs 20 crore and the basic infrastructure could be ready in six months as land has already been identified for it. Thomson said in Uttarkhand, it was proposed to set up a centre of textiles, to sell tribal products. Shawls in contemporary style could export to Europe, he said. Similarly in Jagdalpur in Chattisgarh, a centre would be established where minor forest produce, handicrafts and other products would be sold. There was a plan to make use of land in Navi Mumbai also for promoting tribal products, he said. Thomson said there are 35 outlets all over the country, including one in Hyderabad, where tribal products were being sold. Measures will also be taken to patent tribal produce and products, he said.Earlier speaking at the function, M K Bhan, secretary, department of biotechnology said when designing health programmes, it was important to have an understanding of the complete environment in which the targeted population lives. He pointed out that 35 per cent of the Indian population, including tribals and those living away from cities had a lifestyle of their own which had to be understood.Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) director general and secretary, Department of Health Research said tribals face specific problems and their survival wisdom has also to be understood and documented.NIN director B Sesikeran said surveys had shown the spread of non-communicable diseases even among tribals and that should be a cause for concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13423606", "title": "Fluoride in water a threat to villages in Garhwa district", "text": "GARHWA: Residents of Pratappur village in Garhwa district located about 12 km from the district headquarters are forced to drink water contaminated with fluoride.Villages in the area have been suffering from fluorosis for the past several years following high fluoride levels in underground water. Though the situation is alarming in villages like Manaha and Gathahi Tolas, people living here have been neglected by the district administration so far despite directives issued by former state chief secretary AK Singh and a team of National Human Right Commission (NHRC) in this regard.To tide over the alarming situation, Singh had directed the executive engineer of drinking water and sanitation department (DWSD) to immediately start the Pratappur drinking water supply scheme so that villagers may get safe drinking water.It may be mentioned here that the drinking water supply scheme worth Rs 1.94 crore which was launched in Pratappur village in 2007 for providing safe drinking water to villagers has been lying incomplete for the past five years.A five-member NHRC team which had conducted an extensive study of the fluorosis-hit villages in September 2011 found the situation to be alarming. Following the survey, NHRC team leader Dr Sushila had assured the villagers that a fluorosis detectioncentre would be opened in the area soon. The NHRC team had even directed the district administration to provide drinking water to villagers through tankers. But no such initiative has been taken by the district administration in this regard so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427200", "title": "Cop who traced Rajiv Gandhi killer Sivarasan dies in road accident", "text": "BANGALORE: Doddaballapur police inspector KM Subramanya, 46, was killed after a speeding Canter lorry rammed his official vehicle near Dibba Cross, Rajanakunte, 5km from Bengaluru International Airport, on Wednesday evening. Subramanya was at the wheel.Subramanya was among the police officers who had tracked down LTTE leader and Rajiv Gandhi killer Sivarasan to a house in Konanakunte , Bangalore, in 1991. Sivarasan was gunned down later in the ensuing encounter. Rajanakunte police said the accident occurred at 4pm when the Toyota Innova in which Subramanya was travelling collided with the lorry near Dibba Cross.\"Subramanya was sitting in the front seat and sustained serious injuries . It was the lorry driver's mistake. He fled leaving behind the vehicle,\" they added. Subramanya is survived by his wife, son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13442664", "title": "The Bard speaketh Dari: Afghan troupe performs Shakespeare", "text": "NEW DELHI: That rigorous, devoted rehearsals for a play can make or break a performance is a no-brainer. But here's a case where dropping one rehearsal has been responsible for saving the performers' lives.It was August last year when the Afghan theatre troupe \"Rah-e-Sabz\" was busy rehearsing Shakespeare's 'The Comedy of Errors' in Kabul. The troupe's French director Corinne Jaber suggested an early morning rehearsal on the day of Ramadan at The British Council. The ten actors and three musicians decided against the suggestion and agreed to meet at a later time instead. That morning at the time they were originally to meet, the British Council in Kabul was attacked by the Taliban. The gun battle that ensued between the Taliban and the Kabul policemen continued for six hours.\"A lot of these actors do two jobs and the time didn't suit them. After I heard about the attack, I laughed. Pure stress and trauma makes you react in incongruous ways,\" says Jaber, who has been working in Afghanistan since 2005.The group, with the aid of the British Council, the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and others, rehearsed in residency at Bangalore's Nrityagram. Having already performed at the garden city, Pune and Mumbai, it held a ticket-free show open to all in Delhi on Tuesday evening at the ICCR auditorium. The production will now travel to England and Germany, since it is a part of the Globe Theatre's World Shakespeare Festival 2012.Among the group members, 21-year-old Farzana Sayed Ahmad is travelling internationally for the first time. The young, quiet actress who has two roles in the play admits the situation in her country is not conducive for female performers. The Taliban, opposed to the performing arts in general, is even more vehemently opposed to female artists. Jaber says they've had trouble performing scenes that involve women and men holding hands in Kabul. One of the actresses in the play, Parwin Mushtahel, received death threats and was forced to flee the country after her husband was murdered. A former TV and film actress in Kabul, Mushtahel had to relocate to Toronto . She never wants to go back, says producer Roger Granville, pitching in to interpret for her.\"I hail from Maidan Wadrakh province in Afghanistan which is very conservative. With my name and face in the papers and news channels, the Afghani society won't accept me there. But my family in Kabul supports me. It's a revolution for women and I am happy to be a part of it,\" says Ahmad.Shah Mohammad, who plays Dromio of Ephesus in the play, says the theater scene in Kabul is rather underdeveloped. \"Unless there are popular actors performing, it's an invite-only audience. Families don't let women take to the stage. Because of all this, the film industry suffers too,\" he says. A fan of Nana Patekar and Naseeruddin Shah , Shah Mohammad says actress Katrina Kaif enjoys uncontested popularity amongst young boys in his country.Abida Frotan is eager that popular notions about Afghanistan change. \"I want to represent my country as a good place. I hope we give an improved performance in London ,\" she says.The play, set in present-day Kabul, has been translated to Dari by writer Nahal Tajadod. No Elizabethan England here. Dromio and Antipholus, for example, are Afghan expats from Uzbekistan in this version.Familiarity with Shakespeare, or lack thereof, was easily overcome. Actor Basir Haider had the story down pat. \"I had watched Sanjeev Kumar's film Angoor which was based on this play. Later I read it too,\" says Haider, who is based in London. Jaber feels the story is easily transposable in the Afghan context. \"The play opens with a father looking for a son. They know what it's like to lose a family member and then go looking for them,\" says Jaber, who first came to India as an actor in Peter Brooks' Mahabharata.The Globe Theatre initially gave Jaber a choice between 'Richard III' and 'The Comedy of Errors'. \"I discovered that Afghan actors don't want to do tragedies at all, so we picked this play,\" says Jaber, who also did another Shakespeare comedy, 'Love's Labour Lost', in Kabul earlier. With mirth and laughter, let old wrinkles come!kim.arora@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424265", "title": "Haj pilgrim duped by travel agent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Haj pilgrim, Hussainmiya Arab - a resident of Karanj - has registered a police complaint against a private travel company's owner, Hussainmiya Shaikh, and three others. He has accused them of forgery and cheating.Arab, along with seven family members, had planned to go on Haj. They had paid Rs 2.65 lakh to Shaikh for completing passport and visa formalities, and to provide air tickets.On May 19, Arab had submitted an application of complaint. After conducting investigations into the matter, Karanj police converted the application into an FIR on Wednesday. On May 18, Arab and family were to board a flight from the Ahmedabad airport. As the date of travel drew near, the organizer started grumbling about two members of the group being minors and Arab's mother being aged. He claimed that these three members of the group would not get visa. Arab, however, says that the travel agent knew about the ages of all the members since he had their passports.On May 18 when they reached the airport, the organizer reached at the last moment with six tickets. Shaikh asked Arab to stay back since his tickets were not procured. This change of plans also forced Arab's mother Amina Bibi to stay back. The six people who boarded the flight included his 12-year-old son and cousin brother's younger son. \"The organizer promised to get Arab a ticket on the next flight. However, the organizer failed to keep his promise,\" said a Karanj police official. When Arab's relatives reached Sarjah by the earlier flight, the two young boys started crying. Finally, the family members decided to send back the two boys by the next flight.When the boys alighted at the airport, immigration questioned the boys for four hours. Not just that, the dupery of the travel agent has created a social problem for the family who were unable to go for the pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425394", "title": "Letter brings quality of electrical fittings for memorials under lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: While investigating various complaints of non-payment by contractors against Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (UPRNN) and Uttar Pradesh Project Corporation Limited (UPPCL) officials, the city police have come across a letter sent by a project manager of UPRNN which casts doubts over the quality of electrical fittings supplied.The project manager has stated in the letter that these fittings were claimed to have been imported by the firm concerned. However, the haste in which the copy of the letter was handed over to the journalists even without finding the logical conclusion on the exchange of letter or letters also raises question on the intention of the police in distributing the photocopy of the letter. This is at a time when Akhilesh Yadav , after being sworn-in as chief minister, had categorically said that no action would be taken against anyone out of political vendetta.The letter in subject sub-head clearly mentions that electrical fittings were to be used at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal. As per the letter, dated 16 (the month is not clearly mentioned) written to LSI System (I) Pvt Ltd, New Delhi, by the project manager C P L Srivastava states: \"...A few electrical fittings made in Germany, Italy and India were supplied. Similarly, such fittings are being supplied at other units also. It looks that the supplied fittings are not of international standard which subsequently cast doubts on the very manufacturer of such fittings. It is thus requested that in the above context, kindly clarify the situation and provide the original certificates and imported dispatch's certificate, so that the created doubt can be removed...\"When asked about the subsequent letters which might have been exchanged after this one, IG Ashutosh Pandey, who is officiating as DIG/SSP after being elevated to the present post, said, \"We have asked for subsequent letters from the UPRNN officials and the same are expected to reach us within a day or two.\" However, this letter does cast doubt over the quality of material, Pandey further told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444501", "title": "LiLo goes bra-less in otherwise elegant ensemble", "text": "Lindsay Lohan , who generally favours skimpier outfits, attempted an elegant look to attend a photo shoot in West Hollywood, on Tuesday, but decided to forgo her bra.The 'Mean Girls' star added the risque touch to her lady-like dress, the Daily Mail reported.Apart from her lack of underwear, the 25-year-old looked elegant in a pale taupe dress and patent pumps in a darker shade of the same hue.She accessorised her outfit with oversized square-framed sunglasses, a black leather handbag and a brown crocodile skin belt, which cinched in at her waist.The troubled actress tied her flame-coloured locks into a messy bun and also sported a dramatic silver choker.The star may have been brushing up on sporting demure attire as she prepares to portray Elizabeth Taylor in upcoming biopic 'Liz &amp; Dick'.She recently attended a fitting for the role where she tried on clothes inspired by the screen icon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13423922", "title": "Forest department to construct barricades at Kas to restrict tourist movements", "text": "PUNE: This monsoon, the state forest department will construct barricades along the road to Kas plateau, known as the valley of flowers, in Satara district, to restrict the movement of tourists and avoid trampling of flowering species.However, local non-governmental organisations (NGO) and conservationists are opposed to a permanent structure being constructed near the site. According to them, it will be detrimental to the eco system and will obstruct the movement of large mammals and small animals.Urging the forest department to stop the work, the NGOs have written to them pointing out that the Kas plateau was one of the proposed world heritage sites of UNESCO and alternative ways to control the tourist flow should be explored.N R Praveen, deputy conservator of forest, Satara, told TOI that Kas plateau receives around 30,000 to 50,000 tourists on weekends during peak seasons. \"The barricades are being constructed to restrict the movement of the tourists and ensure that flowers and plant species are not destroyed\", he said.\"The barricades will be permanent structures made of steel and will have cement poles. It will be similar to chain link fencing. Special arrangement will be made to see that it will not obstruct the movement of animals. We are utilizing the Rs 2 crore that has been sanctioned by the state government for protecting the plateau. The work has just started and will be completed before the onset of monsoon,'' he said.Praveen pointed out that a senior retired officer from the forest department visited the site and has given a positive feedback. \"We also have done our own survey of taxonomy and diversity. We have geographical knowledge of this place and tourist frequency. Accordingly, the decision was taken to construct barricades,'' he added.Sandeep Shrotri, president of Ranwata Nature and Conservation Mandal, an NGO based in Satara, has written to the principal secretary, department of forest and chief conservator of forest (territorial),Kolhapur, pointing out that the barricade or fencing will obstruct large mammals from crossing the plateau and that it will act as a trap for small animals, too.\"Kas is a very complex rock outcrop habitat, very different from forest habitat, hence conservation planning requires scientific scrutiny. Also, a plant-centric view or flower-centric view of planning will be detrimental to the ecosystem which has hundreds of other species, such as cryptogams, lichens, invertebrates, vertebrates, all of biological importance which thrive throughout the year and not just during the most obvious flowering period,'' the letter reads.Shrotri said the area has its own natural ecological compound in the form of cliffs all around. \"We have requested the forest department to stop the work and involve retired officials, NGOs, and local people to find other ways to restrict the tourist flow,'' he added.Kas, known for its exceptional natural beauty and as valley of flowers is under threat from growing tourism, say experts.Sunil Bhoite, an activist and a part of the Drongo NGO, Satara, dedicated to conservation of biodiversity for the last 18 years, pointed out that the forest department was just focussing on protection of flowers and plant species. \"But there is other diversity too, like animal species. One can find animals like wild boar, rabbits, mouse deer, barking deer, sambar, leopard and civet cat, etc,\" he said.\"Wild boars found here help to till the land exposing the soil seed bank and aid plant germination. This area is ideal and acts as a migration corridor, thus a breeding ground for several animal species. There should be no barricades in view of the flowering and land use pattern. Rather, if awareness is created on the importance of this place, tourists will not trample flowering species and restrict their movement. Even live fencing, using plants can be an option, to restrict tourism movement,'' he said.According to Mandar Datar, a research scientist, Botany group of Agharkar Research Institute, there are many rare and endemic plant species on the rocky plateau. \"This eco-system is very sensitive to disturbance. But with rapid rise in tourism, it is putting pressure on land\", he said. \"Tourists want to take photographs and in the process trampling of the flowers happens often. There should be a ban on tourists visiting this place, for at least a few years, and a plan for restricted tourism activities. There has to be a proper scientific study,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425625", "title": "CBSE class 10 results today", "text": "LUCKNOW: CBSE class 10 results will be declared at 4pm on Thursday. Schools can get marks of students by giving their school code and email id. Students can check the results on their e-mail address by registering on www.results.nic.in, www.cbseresults.nic.in or www.cbse.nic.in.The board will also disseminate the results through IVRS (Interactive Voice Response System). The telephone numbers through which results can be known through IVRS are: National Informatics Centre- 24357276 for local subscribers in Delhi and 011-24357276 for subscribers in other parts of the country. MTNL users can dial 28127030 for local subscribers in Delhi and 011-28127030 for subscribers in other parts of the country. IDEA subscribers can dial 55530, BSNL subscribers (Outside Delhi- Landline and Mobile) can dial 1255536 .Students can also see their results through SMS. Rates for SMS for registration and communication of result per roll number will be 50 paisa. For eg, MTNL users can type cbse10 rollno and send it to 52001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420914", "title": "High court stays Gali Janardhan Reddy\u2019s bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Chandra Kumar of the A P high court on Wednesday stayed the bail granted to Gali Janardhan Reddy, the prime accused in the illegal mining case. The judge allowed the petition filed by the CBI which pointed out that the case of the illegal mining was still under investigation. CBI argued that the accused was very powerful person and he may influence the witnesses and would seriously hamper the further investigation in the matter. The judge specifically pointed out that the accused was a minister in the neighbouring state of Karnataka during the period of commission of the alleged offences.The judge also rejected the bail petition filed by B P Acharya, senior IAS officer. The application followed by the rejection of the bail petition filed by him before the special court dealing with the Emaar scam case.In another case, the specially constituted bench of Justice B. Chandra Kumar and Justice KG Shanker on Wednesday adjourned the case to next week in which state government appealed questioning the order of a single judge who last week suspended the government order banning advertisement to the Saakshi group of media platforms. The government had issued an order banning advertisements to Saakshi group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421575", "title": "Poor gas supply hurts private energy players", "text": "HYDERABAD: Charging the Centre with favouring the public sector gas power plants, the private power players in the gas segment have warned that they would have no option but to shut down their units if the Union government continued to be indifferent to the plummeting gas supplies from Reliance's KG Basin D-6 wells.\"We have already represented our concerns to the power ministry and the Prime Minister's Office. If the Centre does not address our issues, we will have no option but to close down the gas power stations,\" said a top official of a gas-based power project located in East Godavari district.Claiming that two gas-based power companies, that have equity of government undertakings, were being given preferential treatment, the private gas power companies have demanded a level-playing field at the time of acute power shortage.Pragati Gas Power Corporation owned by Indraprastra Gas Power Company and Ratnagiri Power owned by NTPC and GAIL are said to be getting their full gas requirement from GAIL's HBJ pipeline which runs through Hajira-Bijapur-Jagadishpur.While Pragati gas power project is getting near about 2 mscmd, Ratnagiri (formerly Dhabol power project) is getting 7.6 mscmd gas. \"Why are the AP power companies, that were set up long ago, not being supplied the gas,\" lamented a senior official at GVK Power.In all, 25 gas-based companies which are dependent on KG Basin for their supplies are now getting 15 mscmd as against their original allotment of 28.5 mscmd. In contrast, the fertilizer companies are continuing to get the 15 mscmd that was originally allotted to them. While the Vijjeswaram gas power company has a capacity to produce 272 mw, it is generating only 152 mw.Reliance Energy in Samalkot is producing 101 mw as against its full capacity of 220 mw, GVK plant at Jegurupadu is generating only 117 mw as against its capacity of 217 while GMR's plant at Vemagiri is generating only 129 mw as against the capacity of 370 mw every day. Konaseema power project in East Godavari district is producing 160 mw against the capacity of 451 mw and Gauthami plant in Peddapuram has reduced its production from 464 to 160 mw due to shortage of gas supplies from the KG basin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13440429", "title": "PM's adviser TKA Nair inaugurates hi-tech lab at Indian Community School Kuwait", "text": "PM's adviser TKA Nair inaugurated a high-tech science laboratory at the Indian Community School Kuwait on May 12, 2012. He, along with Indian ambassador to Kuwait Satish C Mehta and other dignitaries were given a warm welcome by the school band. A presentation depicting various phases of science was screened at the event. TKA Nair appreciated the efforts taken by the school to have the hi-tech science labs.TKA Nair, the chief guest of the function, was then escorted to the auditorium by the school band and students holding the Indian and Kuwaiti flags. The school choir led the singing of the national anthems of India and Kuwait with great sense of patriotic fervour. Honorary chairman Ashok Kalra and vice-chairman Rajan Daniel were also present at the function.\"All that TKA Nair has done to make what India is today will not be lost but will be very well guarded, preserved and taken forward,\" Satish C Mehta said in his introductory speech. He appreciated the efforts taken by the trustees and board members of community school for its growth from 7 students to 7000 students.TKA Nair in his inaugural speech explained the importance of \"Madhava Seva\", service to God through service to humanity. He appreciated the students who participated in the programme. He appreciated the men and women who have voluntarily given the time, effort to bring up the institution to this level. \"Among all the NRI communities all over the world, your community in Kuwait is the most vibrant one. I feel very proud of each one of you,\" TKA Nair said.He expressed hope that the request from the school for allocation of land for the infrastructure development will be accomplished soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424175", "title": "Two held for ATM theft bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two minors, who study engineering at a Rajkot-based college, have been arrested in connection with an abortive attempt to steal from an ATM and for the theft of four vehicles.Crime branch inspector KK Sarvaiya got a tip-off that a student of Rajkot's polytechnic college was in Bopal and that he is an accused in theft cases. \"The minor boys' father is an autorickshaw driver who stays in Bopal. When the boy was arrested from his home and brought to crime branch office, he confessed that he was part of a gang that tried to steal from an ATM and stole four bikes,\" said a crime branch official.Based on the boy's statement, Rajkot police was alerted and his accomplice, another engineering student of the same college, was picked up. Crime branch officials said that the two were linked to 21-year-old Vijay Chavda who works in an autorickshaw manufacturing unit in Rajkot. Chavda, an engineer, who passed out of the same college, was the ring leader. He has been missing since the arrest of the two.\"Chavda contacted engineering students of his alma mater and offered schemes to ensure that their stay in the college was self-funded with fun. Some 20 days back, the trio went to break into an ATM of SBI in Rajkot. While the Ahmedabad-based boy kept a watch for people outside the ATM, Chavda and two others broke the ATM's metal body. The trio had also put a piece of cloth over the CCTV camera to avoid being video recorded, but another hidden camera captured their activities. The attempt was not successful as they could not break into the ATM's cash storage. They then stole four bikes,\" said the official.The money was used by the trio on food, liquor and expensive mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418992", "title": "Housing societies can\u2019t prohibit pets, say legal eagles", "text": "MUMBAI: Pet owners need not worry. Senior advocates say that housing societies cannot introduce by-laws to prohibit residents from keeping pets in their flats.The Maharashtra Cooperative Housing Societies Act does not prohibit members from keeping pets and no society can pass by-laws to ban pets or families with pets from society premises.Mulraj Shah, a lawyer, says a cooperative housing society may-by majority vote- make a by-law against pet ownership, but that is only on the valid grounds of continuous nuisance created by such pets. Even such a resolution may not be binding on occupants as it would have to be tested for legality in court, said a constitutional law expert practising at Bombay high court.In the past, courts have ruled in favour of pet owners. A housing society in Navi Mumbai was fined for having restrained a family pet from using the lift. The Thane consumer court in 2008 imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 and held that the society's decision to prevent pets from using the lift without any valid reason amounted to \"deficiency in service\". A family residing in a housing society is a \"consumer\" under the law.In another important ruling in December 2010, a consumer forum in Mumbai Central ordered a housing society in Mahim to stop charging a family an additional Rs 500 for each of its pet dogs, which it said was illegal and directed that the amounts already collected be returned. Societies have a right to make rules for the benefit of its members but the law has to be reasonable and not impinge an individual's fundamental freedoms and right to life, said lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13421651", "title": "Vidarbha dams have water to supply till July 15", "text": "NAGPUR: Officials of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) are confident that the dams in the region have enough water to cater to public water works supplied by them till July 15.VIDC officials told minister of state for irrigation Rajendra Mulak on Wednesday that Kamptee Khairi reservoir that supplies water to the city had 176 million cubic metre (mm3) water which would suffice till arrival of rains. The storage in major dams of Nagpur division was 30%, in medium dams - 10% and small dams - 9%.Mulak had convened a meeting of VIDC officials in view of drought in many parts of the state. Maharashtra had received negligible rainfall in October 2011 which has reduced groundwater level in many areas.VIDC executive director Prafulla Zapke said that there was enough water in Lower Vena dam which supplied water to Hinganghat and Sindi areas. Irai dam that supplied water to Chandrapur, Dham reservoir which catered to Wardha and Khindsi that supplied water to Ramtek town had adequate water.The storage in major dams of Amravati division - 17% - is less than Nagpur division but VIDC officials told Mulak that this would suffice till mid-July.Mulak also took review of rehabilitation problem of ousters of Lower Wardha project in Arvi taluka (Wardha district), irrigation problems of Kuhi taluka (Nagpur district), the held up irrigation projects of Gadchiroli district and Washim barrage.Meanwhile, the revenue ministry has taken a major decision directing district collectors to fix the number of tanker trips as per 2011 census instead of 2001 population. This would automatically increase the number of tanker trips. The decision has been taken in view of the drought in many parts of the state. The collectors have been asked to keep 10% tankers as reserve so that water supply is not disrupted due to breakdown of tankers.Collectors have also been asked to relax norms regarding persons indulging in open defecation and number of animals allowed in an animal pen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429340", "title": "Residents appeal to teachers on exam boycott", "text": "NAGPUR: Resident doctors from Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have appealed to the teachers not to shun the exam duties as it could affect their admission to the superspeciality courses. The residents say that they were in full support of their teachers' demands but want the teachers to consider the academic dilemma of students.Members of Maharashrta Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) from GMCH said that if the teachers were to stop exam duties, there would be delays in exams and consequently the results. This would lead to the students who wish to do courses like DM, MCh or DNB missing out on the admissions.\"Our practicals are to begin from June 1. If they do not take place as scheduled, the consequent delay would mean that the results may not be out by June 30. If this happens, we would be disqualified for the super speciality exams,\" said the general secretary of MARD from GMCH Dr Ganesh Sanap.Maharashtra State Medical Teachers' Association ( MSMTA) had declared last month that they would boycott all exam-related duties to highlight several of their long-pending demands including time bound promotions, payment of arrears to lecturers, 35% Non-Practice Allowance and filling up all vacant posts in colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13427911", "title": "Dogged similarity: Rude people prefer rude canines", "text": "LONDON: Younger people who are disagreeable are more likely to prefer aggressive canines, confirming the conventional wisdom that dogs match the personality of their owners, a new study has found.Researchers at the University of Leicester's School of Psychology found that low agreeableness was the best predictor of a preference for those dogs seen as more aggressive , such as bull terriers or boxers.Individuals low in agreeableness are typically less concerned with others' well-being and may be suspicious, unfriendly and competitive, said a university release.However, the study found no link between liking an aggressive dog and delinquent behaviour, or the possibility that liking an aggressive dog is an act of 'status display' .Dr Vincent Egan, lead researcher on the study, said, \"This type of study is important , as it shows assumptions are not the whole picture. It is assumed owners of aggressive dogs (or perceived aggressive ) are anti-social show-offs . But we did not find such persons had committed more delinquent acts, or reported showing off more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13445394", "title": "Rajesh, Nupur Talwar charged with daughter Aarushi's murder", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A Ghaziabad court on Thursday charged dentist couple Rajesh Talwar and Nupur Talwar with the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The court framed the charges in presence of Talwars in an in-camera session.Rajesh Talwar will also be tried for misleading the court. An additional charge has been framed against Talwar for filing a false FIR.The arguments on framing of charges in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case were concluded on Wednesday with the counsels of doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar rebutting CBI's charges in the Ghaziabad sessions court.CBI counsel RK Saini had on Tuesday sought framing of charges against the Talwar couple in the four-year-old double murder case citing circumstantial evidence, statements of witnesses, and its 'last seen' theory which maintains that the Talwar couple, their daughter Aarushi and their domestic help Hemraj were the only people present in the house on the night of the murders.The agency had argued that the couple had destroyed evidence of murder by washing the walls of Aarushi's room and dragging Hemraj's body to the roof. Saini had sought charges of murder, destruction of evidence and giving false information against the couple.On May 16, the court had deferred the hearing till Monday to allow the CBI to provide documents to Aarushi's parents.The sessions court started the trial on May 11, almost four years after the crime.Also on May 16, the Supreme Court had reserved its verdict on Nupur Talwar's petition seeking review of its January 6 order directing her and Rajesh Talwar to stand trial for the murder of Aarushi and the family's domestic help, Hemraj.An apex court bench of Justice AK Patnaik and Justice JS Khehar had reserved the verdict on the conclusion of arguments by senior counsel Pinaki Misra , appearing for Nupur Talwar.Misra assailed a Ghaziabad magistrate court's order that rejected the closure report filed by the CBI in the double murder and took cognizance of the charge against the Talwars.The CBI filed its closure report in December 2010 before the magistrate's court in Ghaziabad.The Talwars are facing charges of murder, conspiracy and destruction of evidence.Aarushi, 14, was found murdered at her parents' Noida residence May 16, 2008. Hemraj's body was found the next day on the terrace of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13423246", "title": "Petrol price hike fuels anger even among UPA partners", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry UPA partners did some tightrope walking on the Centre's sudden announcement of a monstrous petrol price hike, but key Congress's alliance partner, Trinamool Congress , pulled no punches, calling the hike a result of \"mismanagement of the economy\".A somewhat muted DMK demanded an immediate roll-back. But Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , who on Tuesday shared the dais with the UPA leadership at the Prime Minister's dinner, sarcastically said that this was the government's gift to the people.\"We feel let down. I learnt of the hike from the media,\" said a bristling Mamata Banerjee. \"Why are alliance partners kept in the dark? Many important issues are not discussed before they are implemented. This is unfortunate,\" she said.Mamata also stressed that \"something major was wrong with the economy\" and that the UPA was mismanaging it. She also questioned the timing of the massive petrol price hike. \"The government could have given a hint during the Parliament session. It hiked the prices a day after the House was adjourned,\" she said. At the same time, she said would not pull out of the UPA for the sake of political stability.\"We are not going to pull out of the UPA and topple the government,\" she said, adding, \"That would add to the political instability and force another election which will again lead to economic instability. We are committed to supporting the UPA for five years. But that does not mean we won't raise our voice.\"Mulayam Singh slammed the Centre saying, \"The hike is the UPA's gift to the people on its completion of three years in office.\"Opposing the price hike, RJD leader Lalu Prasad said he would soon meet finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and demand a roll-back. \"The increase in the price of petrol is an additional burden on people already badly hit by price rise,\" said Lalu.DMK chief M Karunanidhi also said his party MPs would ask the Centre for an immediate roll-back. He, however, was muted in his criticism. Asked whether the Centre had consulted the DMK before the price hike, Karunanidhi said, \"Such decisions are not discussed with allies. Certain decisions are taken depending on the situation.\"Karunanidhi pointed out that Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , too, did not consult her allies before hiking the price of certain commodities and services.Jayalalithaa called the hike anti-people and blamed the UPA's 'wrong economic policies' for price rise, the rupee's depreciation and the economic slowdown. \"The hike could have been avoided by reducing the profit of the government and private oil companies,\" she said.\"I urge the Centre to roll back the hike immediately. Otherwise, the tears of the people will become a weapon that would cause the fall of the anti-people Congress coalition soon,\" warned Jayalalithaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13427903", "title": "Many raids, but police never track down drug suppliers", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have conducted raids on several raves in the past and taken action against partygoers for allegedly consuming drugs, but in no case have they been able to trace the real source of those illegal substances. At the most, sources said, cops were able to track the drug peddlers on some occasions.Officers grudgingly admit their failure at getting to the root of the drug network connected to raves. In their defence they give a host of arguments, primary among which, they maintain , is the fact that the drug network \"works on a needto-know basis\".\"One person does not know about the details of others. If we nab one supplier , it rarely goes beyond that,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.The officer further explained that drug suppliers use aliases when meeting others in their trade. Also, they use SIM cards obtained with fake documents. \"It is difficult for us to trace all the men involved in drug peddling because one person does not know much about the next individual,\" he added.Not many are convinced by the justification. Many sceptics point out that the practices reportedly used by drug suppliers are not exactly novel; so why is it so hard to catch them. Besides , another senior cop said, the zeal shown in breaking parties would be better applied in pursuing drug suppliers.Still, the officer insisted that nabbed peddlers give names during interrogations that are meant to throw investigators off.Another officer argued that the involvement of Nigerians in the drug trade also poses a big problem in investigations. \"Nigerians never disclose their contacts to the police, no matter how much they are interrogated. Once the trail leads to a Nigerian, it more or less means that it has reached a dead-end ,\" he said.The officer added that Nigerian suppliers deliver drugs only to trusted customers. \"It is difficult to crack Nigerian suppliers. They never keep drugs at places one would suspect and never disclose to the police the hideouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13417816", "title": "US sees no basis for arrest of Pak doctor who helped CIA", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration has said there was no basis for Pakistan to hold a doctor who ran a fake vaccination campaign for the CIA to help find Osama bin Laden.\"We continue to see no basis for (Shakil) Afridi to be held,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.Earlier on Wednesday, a Pakistani court sentenced Afridi to 33 years of rigorous imprisonment after finding him guilty of \"spying on al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden without bringing it to the notice of the government of Pakistan\".\"We have regularly taken up this matter with Pakistan. I would expect we will continue to,\" she said in response to a question on Afridi.\"I think we've said that we don't see any basis for what's happened here, and so, you know, we will continue to make those representations to the government of Pakistan,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13420618", "title": "Producer of anti-graft movie under lens for cricket betting", "text": "MUMBAI: The probe into the cricket betting racket has led the crime branch to Bollywood. Prakash Chandanani, producer of the anti-corruption film Gali Gali Chor Hai, has come under the police scanner for allegedly accepting bets on IPL matches.The two bookies, Devendra Kothari and Sonu Jalan, arrested by the crime branch last week have disclosed the names of several Bollywood personalities, including Chandanani.The police said Chandanani was second in the hierarchy of the international cricket betting racket run by the Chhota Shakeel syndicate from Pakistan. The cops added that they were also looking for Sunil Abhichandani alias Sunil Dubai, who operates from Dubai.A lookout notice has been issued against the producer, who cops believe is in Dubai.\"Chandanani works under Sunil and controls the Dubai operations of the betting racket. We believe that a lot of money earned through this illegal racket has been pumped into Bollywood through hawala channels. We have issued a lookout notice against Sunil as well as Chandanani as we want to question them in the case. Besides, some Bollywood personalities who used to accept bets on IPL matches through Sonu and Kothari are also likely to be questioned,\" said an official.The police said an actor paid money through a hawala operator after he lost the bets.Sonu and Kothari, who handle the Mumbai betting racket, reportedly told the police that one Subhedar and Dr Riyaz from Pakistan were the main players in the racket. Subhedar, the police believe, could be the frontman for Chhota Shakeel.Subhedar contacts Sunil in Dubai who puts him on a conference call and gets in touch with Kothari, said the police. \"Subhedar, Riyaz and Sunil decide the betting rates. Bets are accepted on balls, results and wickets, as well as on no balls and overs,'' said an official.Chandanani is a well-known figure in Bollywood parties who shuttles between Mumbai and Dubai. Sources said Chandanani accepts bets from Dubai, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and India.The crime branch had raided a flat in Kandivli and arrested Kothari and Jalan; it also seized laptops, voice recorders and 25 mobiles. During investigation, the police on Saturday arrested their associate Feroz Farid Ansari alias Todki, who used to transfer calls from Subhedar to Kothari and Jalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13441437", "title": "Srijit's new film on \"suicide workshop\"", "text": "Srijit Mukherjee, whose 'Autograph' and 'Baishe Shraban' brought audience back to Bengali screens, says his next film which deals with the subject of assisted suicide is a rediscovery of supremacy of life over death.Hemlock Society, his upcoming movie, tells the unique story of a man who runs a workshop where lessons are given on how to commit suicide successfully. The school has on its roll professors who demonstrate fail-safe methods in committing suicide.The director denies that the film is a glorification of self-destruction, saying that though the subject is dark, there lies behind its veneer the deeper issues of life and love.\"We are in no way glorifying suicide which is there only to serve the purpose of a gritty suspense thriller, and with a little bit of introspection on life,\" Srijit explains.Hemlock Society in fact advocates celebration of life which is manifested through love, the filmmaker told PTI.\"As it happens, the suicide school, poster visuals of a poison-filled bottle and the hangman's noose are all meant to accentuate the suspense,\" he pointed out.Asked if the theme of assisted suicide is not a promotion of euthanasia (mercy killing), Srijit replied in the negative, insisting once again that it neither legitimates suicide, nor any other mode of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13420405", "title": "Jamaat-e-Islami Hind to launch its Andhra unit in October", "text": "HYDERABAD: Welfare Party of India, the political face of the Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, is gearing up to launch its state unit in October.The state unit, the contours of which are still in the making, has already taken the first step by electing a journalist, writer and JIH state vice-president Sultan Mohiuddin Mallick as its president and given him the mandate to complete the formalities required to start the party. \"Preparations were on to launch the new party in June. But non-availability of large open space for a public meeting for its inauguration and likely rains forced us to put it off. We will now be inaugurating the party in October.\"The Welfare Party was founded about one and half years ago in New Delhi with JIH member and real estate businessman Mujhtaba Farooq of Aurangabad as its president. Three of its vice-presidents are journalist __ Zafarul Islam Khan, a tribal woman Lalitha Naik and Father Abraham Joseph while activist Qasim Rasool Ilyas is general secretary.Mallick said that the AP unit of the party will have the general council comprising 150 members and executive and working committees. The party, he said, believes in the bifurcation of AP. \"The people in Telangana region want a separate state and it should be given to them.\"Asked about the relationship the Welfare Party has envisaged with the MIM, he evaded a direct answer and said, \"We will try to reach an understanding with all parties, including the MIM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13423733", "title": "Madurai burns as govt announces petrol price hike", "text": "MADURAI: Twenty-seven-year-old R Petsy joined as a nurse at a leading hospital in Madurai only a few months back. Ever since she joined the job, which was her first, Petsy always wanted to buy a scooter for herself. Unwilling to pester her marketing executive husband for the two-wheeler, she managed to save a handsome amount to buy the vehicle and was even surfing quotations from motorcycle outlets to choose the one suited for her. \"But now I am forced to rethink. I may buy a scooter now, but I am apprehensive whether our family could afford two motorcycles given the price of the petrol,\" says Petsy. The Rs 7.50 hike for a litre of petrol has not just upset Petsy, but hundreds of others like her in the temple city.\"I have to travel exhaustively as demanded by my job. On an average, I need two litres of petrol per day which works out to Rs 3,500 per month if we exclude the Sundays. The petrol allowance given by my company is already far less than the expense incurred. This rise will make a further dent in my family budget,\" says Petsy's husband, David Sathish Kumar.A back-of-the-envelope calculation reveals that the rise would add to the financial burden of the families from Rs 500 a month for a lower middle class household to about Rs 7000 for families that own two cars. Nothing but shocked, the families are busy working out ways and means to minimise the expenditure. While those like Petsy have postponed the plans to buy a two-wheeler, others are working out ways to escape the brunt.\"I could not cut down my car usage. Maybe, I have to make up for the extra expenditure by cutting down costs in other heads,\" says B Logeswaran, a senior-level manager in a private bank.The public in Madurai feel that they are being burdened unnecessarily by the government to protect the interests of oil companies that claim to suffer loss. \"The fuel price has been increased more than 10 times since 2009. Have the oil companies suffered losses 10 times during this period?\" asks an angry M Chinnasamy, a PhD scholar in Madurai Kamaraj University.The growing resentment among the public was palpable as they feel that the government was inept at handling the issue and was simply burdening the common man.Meanwhile, social networking sites were abuzz with sharp criticisms targeting the government. There were balance sheets of oil companies posted on the sites where the companies boasted of multi-crore profit.\"This is the first hike this year. But even in the past there was no such steep hike,\" says M Hider Ali, vice-president of the Tamil Nadu Petroleum Dealers Association. He says that the dealers too would suffer due to the hike as their input costs would increase.A department store owner in Anna Nagar, M Sounderrajan says that there would be an increase in price of all essential commodities in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13423433", "title": "Indo-Pak talks begin today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-member Indian delegation left for Islamabad on Wednesday for a two-day home/interior secretary-level talks beginning on Thursday where a relaxed visa regime is expected to be inked apart from New Delhi pressing for action against perpetrators of the 26/11 attacks.The broad agenda of the talks will focus on terrorism, fugitives from Indian law like Indian Mujahideen terrorists, underworld don Dawood Ibrahim and other 1993 Mumbai blast accused who are believed to be hiding in Pakistan, narcotics, fake Indian currency notes and humanitarian issues including Indian fishermen and civilians in Pakistani jails.The talks come in the backdrop of Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari's visit to India on April 8 during which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had stressed upon the need for Pakistan to take firm action to curb terrorism to enable India to move forward in the bilateral relationship.The PM had also asked Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the Mumbai attacks to justice and prevent activities aimed against India from Pakistani soil.\"These continue to be our priorities,\" home secretary R K Singh, who is heading the delegation, said before leaving for Islamabad. The delegation includes Intelligence Bureau chief Nehchal Sandhu, National Investigation Agency director general S C Sinha and officials from home and external affairs ministries and CBI.The new visa agreement will introduce the concept of group tourist visa, visa on arrival and a separate category of business visas.The pact will benefit people of both the countries as it will facilitate multiple-entry, non-police reporting visas for 'certified' businessmen, allowing them to visit five cities instead of three as at present, exempt elderly people from police reporting and introduce visa on arrival facility at Wagah for senior citizens and children.Sources said the Indian delegation will also press for action from Pakistan to bring the Mumbai attack perpetrators, including JuD chief Hafiz Saeed, to justice and speedy trial in a Pakistani court of seven 26/11 accused like Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi.New Delhi will also ask Islamabad about the dossiers on most wanted, believed to be hiding in the neighbouring country, given by it and ask for voice samples of handlers of 26/11 attackers. Pakistan may ask about the progress into the Samjhauta Express blast case in which majority of the 68 victims were Pakistanis, they said.The last round of home secretary-level talks was held here in March 2011. The New Delhi joint statement had identified cooperation in the areas of counter terrorism, progress in bringing the fugitives of the Mumbai terrorist attack case to justice and a revised bilateral visa agreement as some of the priorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13428223", "title": "Land value must be based on market rate: Parliament panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The standing committee of Parliament for the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill, 2011 has recommended that land value should be based on market value. The report was submitted to Parliament last week. The committee has recommended that the government (state ) should constitute a multi-member land pricing commission or authority to finalize the cost of land acquisition state-wise or area-wise. Also, 12% interest per annum should be paid. The bill recommends that the value of assets such as trees, plants, buildings is to be included in the land value and the total amount multiplied by two to get the compensation amount.The bill recommends 100% solatium over and above the compensation amount which has been accepted by the committee. The word solatium derives from 'solace' to compensate for the suffering of displacement.The cost of acquisition includes demurrage to be paid for damages caused to the land and standing crops in the process of acquisition, cost of acquisition of land and building for settlement of displaced families, cost of infrastructure development and amenities at the resettlement area among others.While the bill recommends that acquired land which is left unutilized for 10 years should be returned to the land bank or the government, the committee has recommended that the period should be reduced to five years and if left unutilized, it should be returned to the land owners.Compensation is not restricted to only land owners but is to be given to all those who indirectly earned a livelihood from it by virtue of being employed there.A senior Union cabinet minister from Maharashtra said acquisition price for the Navi Mumbai airport land was being finalized at Rs 4 crore per acre but since the bill is under consideration, the demand has shot up to Rs 20 crore.\"At this rate, project costs are bound to shoot up and it is unlikely that many projects will take off,\" he said.However, sociologists scoffed at the criticism saying that when profits to be made run into thousands of crores, industries would agree to the compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13422517", "title": "ML to launch 2nd phase of agitation from May 26", "text": "PATNA: The CPI(ML) has decided to keep the heat on against the state government since the party believes the latter has not taken any concrete step with regard to its various demands.The ML has been demanding action against the culprits of Aurangabad killing and police crackdown on agitators, Forbesganj police firing. It had also asked the state government to challenge in the Supreme Court, the Patna high court order acquitting 23 accused of the Bathani Tola massacre in Bhojpur district.The ML state executive committee, on Wednesday, concluded its two-day meet on various issues related to the state of affairs in Bihar. The committee decided to launch the second phase of the party's agitation from May 26 against the state government's indifference to its demands.Giving the details, ML state secretary Kunal, party's former MLA and permanent invitee of the state committee, Arun Singh , and state committee member Dhirendra Jha, said the party would stage indefinite fast at three prominent places in the state from May 26. Singh would lead the indefinite fast at Patna, ML Kisan Sabha leader Sudama Prasad at Ara, and the party's Aurangabad district committee secretary Anwar Hussain at Aurangabad.Jha said the protest meetings in connection with Forbesganj police firing would be held all over the state on June 3, as the incident had occurred on the same day last year. The probe team constituted by the government had not yet submitted its report even after one year since the incident took place. It would be followed by dharna and demonstrations by Left parties at all the district headquarters on June 15, he said.However, the party has already decided to make a national issue out of the alleged dithering attitude of the state government in challenging the Patna high court order acquitting 23 accused of Bathani Tola massacre. While it has decided to move the Supreme Court on the matter, the party would also organize a national convention on the related matters at Constitution Club in Delhi on July 15. Prior to that, a march to Bathani Tola would be organized on July 11, as the massacre had occurred the same day in 1996. Incidentally, both Noam Chomsky and Arundhati Roy have put their signature to the online campaign for justice to oppressed sections of Bathani Tola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423557", "title": "Kolkata fumes over petrol price hike", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Centre's announcement to raise petrol prices by Rs 5, a flutter has been created in state's corridors of power. While leader of the opposition in the assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra vowed to launch a nationwide campaign, RSP state secretary Kshiti Goswami feels that Mamata Banerjee should stop supporting the Centre.Some economists are reading the hike as a direct fallout of the free fall of the Rupee against the Dollar in the past few days. Apart from the declining value of the Rupee, the hike might be an effort by the Centre to cross subsidize diesel and LPG price, believe economists. Economist and ISI professor Dipankar Dasgupta pointed out that it would be difficult for the Centre to keep the diesel and LPG price low through the cross subsidization route. Going by the trend, the Rupee might depreciate further thereby increasing pressure on the oil bill account. \"Infact we were anticipating a rise in petrol prices for the last couple of weeks. The oil companies too were seeking a revision in petrol price,\" he added. According to him, ever increasing trade deficit could be another reason in variable exchange rate regime.Economist Ajitava Roychowdhury agreed with Dasgupta on the fact that the Centre was planning to hike the petrol price for long. It is now using the depreciation in the value of Rupee as a good excuse. \"Apart from the Presidential election, there are no major elections round the corner. The Centre has appropriately made use of the opportunity,\" he said. Roychowdhury also laid stress on the fact that the competitiveness of the Indian economy and attractiveness of India as an investment destination has gone down. \"Our government is not trying to solve that problem. Rather, it is trying to balance it by hiking petrol prices,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13421348", "title": "Better water supply with 3 more tanks soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation has decided to charge three overhead tanks located in Sakkardara, Shanti Nagar and Jaitala in June to improve the water supply in these areas. The Sakkardara and Shanti Nagar tanks are completely ready and will be charged in the first week of June. When the three tanks become operational, they will improve water supply for over 50,000 consumers. The tanks have been constructed under the multi-crore Pench IV project, which will increase water supply of the city by around 20%.Mayor Anil Sole told TOI that the tanks were not being charged in May due to low water availability. \"Before starting supply from these tanks, we have to be sure that they will be able to supply every day. Water level reached 1.5 m in Sakkardara tank today. We have identified the water connections in present network being served by the tanks. The connections that needed to be added for balancing the network have also been identified,\" he added.NMC officials said that hydraulic test had been performed on Jaitala tank and it would be ready in a few days. Tests were not being carried out on Pratap Nagar tank due to water scarcity. \"If the tank is to be tested, complete shutdown for 24 hours will have to be undertaken. People object to such shutdowns in peak summer,\" an official said.He further said that one tank benefited between 15,000 and 20,000 consumers. \"The number could be higher if the tank is charged thrice a day. However, an ideal network is required for that, which does not exist anywhere in this country. There should not be any direct connection from the main supply line but some such connections will exist in any area,\" he explained.NMC is constructing 24 overhead tanks and ground storage tanks under Phase-III of Pench IV project. In the first stage, four tanks will be commissioned. Twenty tanks have been constructed and permission for the twenty-first located at Nalanda Nagar has been obtained. Permission from NIT is required for constructing a tank at Sri Nagar. Help of the local corporator had been sought for constructing a tank at Babhulban and the proposal with all compliances for the tank at Gorewada has been sent to forest office at Bhopal for clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13422086", "title": "Nashik residents fume over fuel hike", "text": "NASHIK: With petrol prices per litre shooting up from Rs 70.74 per litre to Rs 78.25 per litre for normal petrol and from Rs 73.45 to Rs 80.96 per litre for premium petrol, Nashikites expressed their anguish, pointing out that the hike was very steep and would affect all sectors.The BJP city unit president Laxman Savji, has appealed to citizens to join the party in opposing the steep hike in fuel prices. \"There is only one solution. The government should be kicked out - both at the Centre as well as the state. If the adjoining state of Goa can reduce the prices of fuel by Rs 10, the Maharashtra government should also cut down on taxes, this relief will ease the situation slightly. Else, citizens will see an upward spiral,\" Savji said. The morcha has been scheduled at the city collectorate on Thursday to condemn the price hike, Savji added.But Nashikites reeling under the heat from the fuel hike feel that morchas are n solution to hike in petrol. \"Even in the past there have been plenty of morchas by the opposition parties. What matters here is knowing which side of the fence are they seated on. Instead, citizens should now take their morchas to their elected representatives - right from the local self governing body to the members of parliament of their respective areas,\" said Sanjay Kamble, a businessman.Raju Jahagirdar, an IT professional said, \"It would have been better if our salaries would have been also increased directly with the rising petrol prices.\" He further said that those who are in the unorganised sector or were self-employed in small businesses would be worst affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423977", "title": "Congress recruitment spree gets BJP stop order", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP-led government on Wednesday cancelled the recruitment process initiated by the former Congress-led government just prior to the model code of conduct coming into force for the March 2012 assembly election.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The jobs given by the previous government on December 23 and 24, 2011 were a fraud and so we have cancelled the recruitment done on those days. Those appointments were done just before the elections and hence are questionable and have been scraped,\" Parrikar said.The government has already cancelled some of the posts and has directed departments to issue fresh advertisements seeking application for the positions.The government has also decided to stop recruitment of lower division clerks. Parrikar said that in some cases no new recruitment was required and that posts of all lower division clerks have been cancelled as the government wanted to absorb from among those persons still registered in the pre-employment trainees scheme (PETS).\"Why should the government pay double salaries? All LDC posts will be filled by PETS except where a particular class of person is not available, for example for reserved posts,\" Parrikar said.He added that recruitment of patient attendants in the health services has been cancelled and the department directed to re-advertise posts up to the rank of nurse.Recruitments that had been done following procedure and much before the announcement of elections have been cleared by the government and the candidates asked to join service.Around 1,500 jobs in various departments have been kept on hold. The previous Congress-led government had created more than 3,000 jobs in the run-up to the elections.The government has also rejected the recommendation by Goa Public Service Commission of nine junior scale II officers. Parrikar said there were complaints regarding the examination conducted and so GPSC has been asked to select again. \"Cabinet has decided to scarp the earlier recommendation,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13423220", "title": "Union minister to review progress of JPNAIIMS", "text": "PATNA: Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad will reach here on Thursday to review the status of construction of the Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) at Phulwarisharif.Azad would first visit the site of JPNAIIMS and, later, hold a review meeting on its pace of development with the state government officials, said state Congress media department convener H K Verma. According to him, Azad would leave for Delhi the same day.In another development, the state Congress has demanded two central universities in Bihar, one each in north and south Bihar. A party delegation, led by its state chief, called on Union minister for human resources development (HRD), Kapil Sibal , in Delhi and demanded the opening of a central university at Motihari in East Champaran district for north Bihar and another at Gaya for south Bihar. The delegates also submitted a memorandum in this regard to Sibal, Verma said.The party leaders impressed on Sibal that Bihar's demand for two central universities was justified, as Delhi have five central universities and Uttar Pradesh also have five. The delegation members who called on Sibal included senior party leader Moti Lal Sharma and Prabhat Kumar Singh, Verma said, adding that Sibal gave a patient hearing to the delegation and also assured them to take appropriate action with regard to the demand for two central universities in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424655", "title": "Gandhi Bhawan stuck in a limbo", "text": "KOLKATA: The spotlight might be on Indira Bhawan in Salt Lake right now, but the fate of another historic property at Beliaghata where Mahatma Gandhi went on a fast for 73 hours in September 1947 hangs in balance.There had been massive public outcry last November when the United Bank of India put Hyderi Manzil or Gandhi Bhawan - shown as mortgaged property in bank records - on auction through a public notice. The UBI hasn't withdrawn the notice, but it hasn't gone ahead with the auction procedure either. Bank chairman Bhaskar Sen refused to throw light on the status of the heritage site that is still with the UBI on paper.The notice and the studied silence of the bank are intriguing. According to some, the bank was not aware of the historic significance of the property that it took over after its owner (late Samarendra Ghosh) failed to pay off the debt. He had mortgaged 31 cottahs to the UBI some 50 years ago. As a part of procedure, the bank put Gandhi Bhawan on auction like all other mortgaged property, oblivious of the heritage dimension that the address 150B Beliaghata Main Road invokes.More worrying is the effort by a section of UBI authorities to distinguish between the building and the open space that comes under the same address. The bank has tried to play down the auction threat to Gandhi Bhawan, saying it was the adjacent maidan that they wanted to sell off and not the building. They have even expressed their doubt over Gandhiji's association with the maidan - a suggestion which has been rubbished by historians and experts.The bank's view became known when municipal commissioner Arnab Roy took up the matter with UBI chairman Bhaskar Sen at the civic headquarters recently after chief minister Mamata Banerjee wanted the problem sorted out. Sen reportedly told the municipal commissioner that they had issued a notice for selling a 16-cottah plot adjacent to Gandhi Bhawan. However, considering the historic value of the maidan where Gandhiji used to hold prayer meets to ward off riot threats during his stay at Gandhi Bhawan, Roy advised the bank chairman to preserve the maidan. The municipal commissioner also suggested an alternative idea - to hand over the property (Gandhi Maidan) to the civic body - and offered a compensation package in lieu.Though Sen gave no assurance to the municipal commissioner, mayor Sovan Chatterjee told TOI that under no circumstances would the civic body allow the UBI authorities to auction any plot, be it the Gandhi Bhawan or the maidan. \"We cannot allow the Gandhi Maidan to be auctioned,\" he said.Veteran historian Barun De said there can be no doubt about the historical significance of the entire premises. \"This is the building and the ground where Gandhiji had lived, fasted and held prayer meetings. It is steeped in history and needs to be preserved for posterity,\" said De.Former Bengal governor and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi termed the suggestion \"absurd\". \"There should be no dispute or controversy regarding Hyderi Manzil, which is now called Gandhi Bhawan. It is well-documented that Gandhiji had stayed there during his post-riot fast in Kolkata in 1947. The adjacent land is very much a part of the historic premises. It is historically just as significant as the building itself,\" said Gandhi, who has authored a book on Gandhiji's relationship with the state - 'A frank friendship - Gandhi and Bengal'. The book has a detailed account of Gandhiji's fast at Hyderi Manzil.Political scientist and former Presidency College principal Amal Mukhopadhyay said there were numerous books on Mahatma Gandhi which document his Beliaghata fast in detail. \"Not only did the great man fast in that house, he had also invited Suhrawardy to stay with him there. Pandit Nehru visited him at the building during the fast. There are photographs to prove this. The historical significance and Gandhiji's association with the building is unquestionable. In fact, Gandhiji was there at Hyderi Manzil on the midnight of August 15, 1947 when India got independence,\" said Mukhopadhyay.Jatin Chandra Das, a member of the trust that runs Gandhi Bhawan, made it clear that 150/B Suresh Chandra Banerjee Road, which had been mentioned in a newspaper announcement for auction last November, houses Gandhi Bhawan and not just the maidan. Das, a 78-year-old freedom fighter who witnessed Gandhiji's fast at the building, believes the maidan, too, was historic.\"Gandhiji held prayer meetings at the venue during his 25-day stay at Beliaghata. He came to the Hyderi Manzil on August 12, 1947 and stayed there till September 6. From September 1, he started an indefinite fast to stop a communal riot. After 73 hours, Gandhiji withdrew it on requests made by prominent leaders such as Sarat Chandra Bose, Prafulla Ghosh, Suhrawardy and Hem Chandra Naskar. He left Beliaghata on September 6,\" Das recalled.State Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya, too, is upset about the bank's auction plans. \"I have taken up the matter with the UBI chairman and asked him not to take any hasty step on the sensitive issue,\" Bhattacharya said.When the Purba Kolkata Gandhi Smarak Samiti, a trust which runs Gandhi Bhawan and its adjacent Gandhi Maidan, came to know about the 'auction plan' in November, it took up the matter with chief minister Mamata Banerjee. The latter in turn asked the mayor to take up the matter with the bank authorities in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444734", "title": "I plan to wear a sari at the SlutWalk today: Rii", "text": "The rebellious Rii wants to look sensuous at the first-ever SlutWalk in Kolkata.I am a slut,\" says Rii as she gears up to take part in the SlutWalk, the first edition that the city will witness today. While that's oh-so-bold and in your face, the actor backs it up with a good dose of reasoning. \"I've played an exhibitionist in quite a few films. In \"Gandu\" and \"Cosmic Sex\", I have portrayed strong and powerful characters who are sexually liberated. Obviously then, I support this issue,\" says the actor. It's time that the common perception of women being judged by the clothes she wears is broken. And Rii feels the fairer sex should stand up for their rights and not give in to the logic that the so-called 'improper' dressing is behind the rise of rape incidents. \"The protest is a step in that direction. Just a SlutWalk cannot change anything, but still it's a good move. The films that I do are also part of a movement, a revolution. So why not physically be part of the exhibitionist movement?\" says the actor, who is against calling herself a feminist or an activist. Ask her what she would be wearing during the walk (that starts off from the Jadavpur University campus) and Rii says, \"Maybe, a sari. It is the most sensuous attire. In Indian mythology, sari-clad women have taught men a lesson or two in sex. It's just that people have attached a tag of purity to it. One can wear a sari interestingly without a blouse or a petticoat even. It creates magic on a woman's body. Bikini is anyway a westernized concept. Wearing it in Kolkata in full public view is also not practical.\"The concept of SlutWalk emerged after a police officer in Toronto said women should avoid dressing like sluts for their own safety. So, when did Rii first hear about the movement? \"I heard of the protests abroad. When I came to know of the cause, the memory of an incident flashed in my mind. I was reading a magazine in Toronto where a gorgeous brunette pole dancer was wearing a translucent red dress. The headline said: 'Yes, I am an exhibitionist'. Men don't have much to show. So they are just jealous.\" More on SlutWalk- This international movement started in Toronto, Canada , in April, 2011, to battle myths surrounding sexual violation and to question the victim-blaming attitudes in the society. - The rallies began when Constable Michael Sanguinetti, a police officer in Toronto, suggested that to remain safe, \"women should avoid dressing like sluts\".- Indian cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bhopal have witnessed the SlutWalk before.- The primary agenda of this movement is to tell society that a person is not raped because of provocative dressing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427446", "title": "Supplementary exams from July 3", "text": "BANGALORE: The applications for receiving photocopy of answer scripts, revaluation and re-totalling are available in all PU colleges apart from Bangalore One and Karnataka One centres at Belgaum, Hubli-Dharwad , Mysore, Mangalore, Tumkur, Davanagere, Bellary, Gulbarga and Shimoga. The application forms are also available on the department's website. The form can be sent to the 'Deputy Director (Exam), Department of PU Education, 18th Cross, Malleswaram, Bangalore-560012, through speed post or courier.For receiving photocopy of the answer sheet, the last date for submitting the application is May 29. The fee for one subject in this regard is Rs 420. The last date for submitting the application for revaluation is June 4 and the fee for one subject is set as Rs 1,050 while the last date for submitting the application for retotalling is June 4 and fee for one subject is Rs 280.The II PU supplementary examination will be held between July 3 and July 12. The last date for submitting the examination fee in the colleges concerned is June 2. The examination fee is Rs 84 for one subject and Rs 252 for three or more subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13422825", "title": "Doctors advise Anna Hazare not to go for another fast", "text": "NASHIK: A day before he was scheduled to address a rally at Nashik, veteran anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare, who is rallying for the Lokpal Bill, was hospitalised for medical check up on Wednesday, triggering reports of him being unwell.The crusader however rubbished all claims. \"I am perfectly fit and am here for a routine check-up,\" Hazare said, even as doctors advised him not to go on another fast.Hazare said that after having addressed rallies in 23 districts, he was scheduled to address a rally at Nashik on Thursday and hence dropped in for a check up at the hospital. \"I am yet to tour 13 more districts. I thought it wise to get my medical check-up done before moving ahead, \" he said as he proceeded for his various medical tests that were conducted by a cardio thoracic surgeon and a cardiologist.His cardiologist, Dr Amit Sinkar said that Anna Hazare was perfectly fine and all his test had turned out negative.\"The tests were a routine feature. The reports of some of the tests performed on him will be available only after three days,\" Sinkar said and prescribe a day's rest for Hazare.When asked about the fast that Anna is going to undertake for Lokpal Bill, Sinkar added, \"All we can say is he should not undergo fast as it would take a toll on his health\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425328", "title": "Petrol price hike: Traders' body demands cut in VAT", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unhappy over the increase in price of petrol, the UP Petrol Traders' Association (UPPTA) has urged the ruling government to slash the rate of value added tax (VAT) over petroleum products to give some relief to the common man. Presently, the UP government charges 26.55% VAT which is significantly higher than what some other states are charging. Delhi and Haryana government levy the lowest rate of VAT which is 20%. \"If not at par with these states, the UP government should bring the rate of VAT down to some extent,\" said B N Shukla, president of the association.According to estimates prepared by UPPTA, the price of petrol would go up by Rs 7.95 per litre inclusive of taxes. This means, a litre of petrol would cost Rs 77.77 approximately against the old rate of Rs 69.82. If the rate of VAT in UP is brought at par with Delhi, the price of per litre petrol could go down to Rs 73.14 per litre. The association clarified that the price of petrol in premium category could not be ascertained exactly. The reason: each company has a different rate for their premium brand. However, they said that the premium petrol could cost anything around Rs 80 per litre.The association has condemned the decision not only because of the hefty cost involved. It doesn't agree with the logic given for the hike. \"The petroleum companies and the Union government said that the price is being increased because of weakening of the rupee against dollar. But this logic is beyond my understanding as the cost of crude petrol has gone down in the international market which the decision makers should have taken into account,\" explained Shukla. The petrol price hike was strongly condemned by people from all walks of life in the city. \"The historical rise surely owes its genesis to a hysterical mind,\" said Priyam Agarwal, a hostel inmate who studies in a private coaching institute in the city. \"I get limited money from home and almost half of it is fuel expenses. This is unfair,\" he claimed.Equally disturbed was Pankaj Bajpai, a teacher. He said, \"This immense hike would increase my conveyance expenditure by at least 25% since the school I teach in is 22 kilometres from my residence. I think I will have to seriously think about a battery operated alternative or resort to public transport to save money,\" he said. Aparna Singh who works in a government office bought a gearless bike two year ago to save money. \"Though I own a car, we use it occasionally to keep expenditure on fuel under control. Now I feel that the purpose of buying a two-wheeler stands defeated,\" said Aparna.Hike in petrol prices alone doesn't bother people. It creates a ripple effect that adds bit by bit to one's house-hold economy. \"Each time petrol prices go up, vendors start demanding for a hike in whatever they sell. For instance, the milkman would increase per litre price of milk because his spending on commuting has gone up. The vegetable vendor would rue that he is burdened with additional expenditure on conveyance and compel us to pay more. And believe me, the spending on vegetables has gone up drastically in the last few years,\" said Moushumi Batabyal, a housewife.Several people also offered a way out of the situation. \"The hike has underscored the need for improving the public transport system. Government should seriously think over rolling out more CNG autos and busses,\" said Supriya Mishra, a student. Businessman Rajiv Satija, in fact, urged the ruling government to turn dream of a metro rail service into a reality.Political parties and trader associations also condemned the decision and have threatened to stage demonstrations against it. The Lucknow Udyog Vypaar Mandal would stage a protest at the dharna sthal on Thursday.Meanwhile, vehicle owners tried their last bit to save money. Scores of petrol pumps witnessed a surge in the number of consumers till late night as the new rates were to get effective from midnight. In some cities, petrol pump dealers shut down their outlets to gain profits by selling price at higher rates. The Bahraich and Lakhimpur Kheri administration launched a cracked down on such dealers.Price per ltr / rs -- date of change77.77 -- May 24, 201269.82 -- April 01, 201269.82 -- December 01, 201170.65 -- November 16, 201172.99 -- November 04, 201171.03 -- September 16, 201167.71 -- July 01, 201167.42 -- May 15, 201162.15 -- January 16, 2011", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13423261", "title": "Petrol price hike: Mad rush at pumps", "text": "RANCHI: As the price of petrol per litre increases by Rs 7.5 from midnight on Wednesday, people scrambled towards petrol pumps across the state trying to save whatever possible by filling the tank before the clock strike 12. In Ranchi, petrol will cost Rs 73.14 against the existing price of Rs 65.64 per litre.The rush kept on increasing as the news of one of the steepest hike in price of petrol spread. P 5The crowd was so much at some of the petrol pumps that employees pulled down their shutters and left as a precautionary measure.\"I know that by filling the petrol tank I will save Rs 150-200 but the way price of every thing is rising even Rs 200 will be a big saving,\" said Krishna Munda, who met with a minor accident in a hurry to reach the Lalpur pump. An executive with a private pharmaceutical company, he needs to move a lot on his bike.Rahul Kumar, who works with a telecom company, could not stop himself from shouting at the employees of Khukri petrol pump when he was refused 10 litres. \"I am paying for the petrol, how can you deny me 10 litres. The government is already making life miserable and on top of that you people are creating problem,\" said Kumar.However, Ajit Kumar of Doranda College remained calm and composed. \"The price per litre will cross Rs 100 within the next few months. The only way to curb this rising price of petrol is to remove the UPA government, otherwise they will make life of everyone miserable in the next two years,\" said the teacher.Drivers of autos, the most important mode of public transport in cities and town of Jharkhand , have also decided to increase the fare. \"We will take a decision on the hike on Thursday. The hike can be anything between Rs 1-1.5 per km,\" said Ganesh Kundu, an auto driver on Albert Ekka Chowk-Kokar route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13422176", "title": "Usgao woman drowns in well", "text": "PONDA: Annapurna alias Priya Sharma, a 24-year-old resident of Kassailem-Tiska Usgao, drowned in a well while fetching water from it on Wednesday morning.Police said she could have accidentally fallen into the well and died due to asphyxia, but the exact cause of death will be known only after a postmortem.The body has been preserved at the GMC morgue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13427905", "title": "Power game in play at Dalit Prerna Sthaloida", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the city continues to reel under the now familiar spell of unscheduled power cuts, a new drama unfolded on Wednesday. On Tuesday, the Noida wing of the Uttar Pradesh discom ordered the power supply to the Dalit Prerna Sthal to be cut off. This step was reportedly taken amidst reports of lakhs of rupees of the public exchequer being spent to keep the extravagant park well-lit.However, within 24 hours of this decision, the power supply to the memorial park, which according to the discom has already consumed 3.8 lakh units of power and cost the city more than Rs 15 lakh in the last six months, was restored.There seems to be no respite for former chief minister Mayawati's dream project - the Rs 685 crore Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Garden. Surrounded by controversies since its inception , the latest being the \"elephant scam\" involving over Rs 40,000 crore, the power supply drama on Wednesday added to the woes of the park, which is still to be thrown open to the public since its inauguration on October 14 last year.On Tuesday, eyewitnesses confirmed that the Dalit Park was in darkness and had no power supply. When the Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited was contacted on Wednesday morning to find out the reason for the snapped supply, senior officials confirmed that electricity had been disconnected as it was brought to their notice that power was being wasted. However, by Wednesday evening, even as a hue and cry broke out over the decision by the PVVNL, the same official completely denied his own orders.When quizzed by TOI as to why a decision was taken to disconnect the power supply on Tuesday and restored on Wednesday afternoon, the PVVNL superintendent engineer DP Singh said that \"power was never cut off and restored\". \"Some anti-social elements are giving a political colour to the entire incident. We just shut off power to the high mast lights in the park, which some residents had complained were 'on' during the day,\" Singh said. Noida Authority officials, too, denied knowledge about the incident. \"We have no information about any orders to disconnect and then restore the power supply to the park,\" said additional CEO, Pramanshu Kumar.Initially, as per an order by the erstwhile BSP government, the memorial would have no electricity from 8am to 5pm every day, but would be lit up during the night.Earlier this month, residents, BJP's Noida MLA Mahesh Sharma and Samajwadi Party supporters had questioned why a huge amount of power was being wasted to illuminate the park during night when the park remained closed to public. Sharma had also written a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav regarding the wastage of the power at the park.As per sources, the Noida Authority pays, on an average, a monthly bill of nearly Rs.3.5 lakh to Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd that had sanctioned a 400KV power connection to the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13426758", "title": "High court tells government to announce support price for mangoes", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Wednesday asked the government to evolve a minimum support price (MSP ) mechanism for mangoon the lines of tomato to eliminate middlemen from enriching themselves at farmers' cost. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked principal secretary, agriculture to be present in court on May 28.\"Why is the state not doing anything ? Why can't you declare a base price for mangoes ? You've been giving support price for wheat and paddy. If you can do it for tomatoes, why not for mangoes?\" the bench observed while adjourning the hearing .The bench wondered why Hopcoms couldn't procure it.\"It seems you (Hopcoms )have become a profit-making retailer. Sitting in A/C rooms in Bangalore, you (officials ) are doing nothing. You are not fulfilling your obligation,\" the bench remarked as counsel for Hopcoms informed the court that it has a presence in only four districts surrounding Bangalore and can purchase only 6-8 tonnes of mango every day. In a PIL, the Kolar District Mango Growers and Farmers Association sought regulation of APMC markets in Srinivasapura , Chikkaballapur , Bangalore and Ramanagaram .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13428729", "title": "Signage woes: Lost your way? Ask chaiwalas", "text": "INDORE: Think twice, if you plan to reach your destination with the help of signage (markers) displayed across the city. At most of the places, they have been eclipsed by banners displayed by different political parties.Vijay Nagar crossing, Regal crossing, Bapat crossing and Palasia crossing are some of the prominent places where signages have been eclipsed by banners.Pawan Mishra, who was struggling to find his way to Ujjain at Bapat Crossing, told ToI: \"I am in a fix to find the road to Ujjain. Tell me how do I see the signages. They are all covered.\"\"Now, I will have to bother the passersby for direction,\" added Mishra.Another resident of Palasia, Sameer Singh said banners deface the city.\"It seems that nobody is bothered to check the misuse of public utilities,\" he rued.Similar is the case at busy Vijay Nagar. A gantry was erected for the public utility, but has been shrouded with banters.A teashop owner just in front of the gate, Satish Chouhan said sometimes, it becomes quite irritating when people come and ask for direction. \"I have informed the Vijay Nagar society members many a time in the last two months, but nothing has been done to get the banners removed,\" he added. When contacted, MiC (Mayor-in-Council) member Chandu Shinde said the IMC is going to call all the agencies involved in erecting signage to get the banners removed.\"Even then, if the condition does not improve, the IMC will cancel its license,\" he said, adding that the decision will be taken in the next couple of days. In-charge of traffic cell of IMC, NS Tomar said the problem does not come under our jurisdiction. But the cell will look into the issue and take appropriate measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13423194", "title": "Westerly wind, high tempto hit mango, litchi crops", "text": "PATNA: The westerly wind blowing over the state is likely to have adverse impact on mango and litchi crops this summer, aver agriculture scientists and climatologists. The abnormally high temperature, coupled with low humidity, will bring down the yield of both these crops, they fear.Bihar produces nearly 13 lakh tonnes of mango and 3 lakh tonnes of litchi every year. The state accounts for 70% of the country's annual litchi production and 13% of mango. The major mango growing areas of the state are Muzaffarpur, Vaishali, Bhagalpur, Darbhanga, Patna, Madhubani, Sitamarhi and West Champaran districts, while litchi is mainly grown in Muzaffarpur, Vaishali, Sitamarhi, East and West Champaran and Darbhanga districts.Says B P Yadav, a retired scientist of the Rajendra Agriculture University, Pusa in Samastipur district, \"The prevailing heatwave can drastically reduce mango production this year. Temperature above 40 degree Celsius along with low humidity will result in cracking of the fruit. Also, due to less moisture, the size of the fruit may decrease.\" This will result in inferior quality of fruit with less juice, Yadav said. Lack of summer showers in March and April can also prove detrimental to the mango crop as the farmers of the state do not have adequate irrigation facilities, he added.Pre-monsoon rainfall is necessary for mango and litchi crops as too much dryness in the air adversely affects their size. High temperature by itself is not so injurious to mango, but in combination with low humidity and high winds, it affects the tree adversely. The major varieties of mango produced in Bihar are Malda, Dudhiya Malda, Bathua, Bombai, Himsagar, Kishen Bhog, Sukul, Gulab Khas, Zardalu, Langra, Chausa, Dashehari, Fazli, Prabha Shankar and Mehmood Bahar.The year 2012 has been described as an \"off year\" for mango crop. The crop is binomial in nature, meaning a bumper harvest is generally followed by a poor crop. When asked whether less production of mango would have an effect on its export, Yadav replied, \"Certainly, if the productivity falls.\"However, when contacted, deputy director (fruit production), state horticulture department, Sarvjeet Kumar said, \"Till now no damage has been reported to the mango crop in the state.\" Patna Met director D C Gupta had earlier said that the intense heatwave could damage mango and litchi crops in the state.The state is reeling under intense heatwave, with the state capital recording the maximum temperature of 44.4 degree C on Tuesday, the hottest day of this season. On Wednesday too, the temperature recorded was above 44 degree C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418659", "title": "Officials summoned over adulterated milk supply", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain has summoned the principal secretaries of food &amp; civil supplies and health on May 29 to explain as to what actions are being taken in cases of adulterated milk supply in state.The matter came up following a compliance report filed on May 8. The state government had then elaborated as to how action is being taken against the supply of adulterated milk in various parts of the state. The court was to pronounce its final order on Wednesday.In March, the court, while hearing a suo motu PIL, had asked the additional advocate general S N Kumawat to file an action taken report on the campaign against adulterated milk. The court had then maintained that the government was not taking stringent action against those who are manufacturing adulterated and synthetic milk and a mere formality was being done in the name of drive for maintaining purity of consumable milk.It was argued by amicus curiae Vimal Choudhary a policy need to be framed by the government as the prevailing laws were not enough.\"We insisted that both the concerned principal secretaries be called so that they may take up the matter with seriousness, which is lacking so far,\" said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424160", "title": "Mango fest begins, 70 varieties on display", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Mango festival organized by Gujarat Agro Industries Corporation (GAIC) kick started in Drive-In Road on Wednesday.The festival is organized in Drive-In road area in the city where visitors will be able to buy mangos from 90 odd stalls operated by farmers. The festival will enthrall city's fruit lovers till June 19. GAIC is also planning to take Gujarat's Kesar mango brand to other parts of the state by setting up several stalls there for four days.GAIC officials said that the festival was part of the concept of the state government for direct marketing of vegetables and mangoes. The objective is to allow farmers to sell mangoes directly without any interference from middlemen.Ahmedabad district development officer Banchhanidhi Pani said that in the last year mango festival, 416 tones of mangos were sold.H Vaghela said that Kisan Bazar will have 76 stalls which will be directly handled by the farmers from Junagadh. There will also be 15 other stalls handled by the village committees from Junagadh.This year, about 70 different brands of mangoes including Gir Kesar and Rajapuri among others will be sold. tnnFarmers from Moruka, Valadara, Talala, Dhava, Mandorna, Sarva and Gatipadva from Saurashtra will have their stalls to sell Gir Kesar Mangos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13442306", "title": "\u2018Mommy porn\u2019 hit Fifty Shades crosses 10m mark", "text": "Sales of hit erotic novel 'Fifty Shades of Grey' has surpassed 10million, making it one of the fastest and best-selling series of all time .EL James' steamy novel has topped charts almost from the moment Vintage Books released it just six weeks ago.Reprints have exceeded 900,000 copies in a single day, the publisher, part of Knopf Doubleday, announced on Tuesday.Totals sales include paperbacks, e-books and audio books.Anthony Chirico, president of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, told the New York Times in a statement: \"The sales velocity for Fifty Shades of Grey is unprecedented, with reader demand still growing,\" the Daily Mail reported.\"As we head into the heart of the summer reading season, sales are likely to continue exceeding even our most optimistic forecasts,\" the statement read.The Fifty Shades trilogy began as fan fiction, inspired by the Twilight series, and tells the story of how billionaire Christian Grey seduces young graduate Anastasia Steele.Grey has a penchant for bondage and soon envelops her in a world of kinky sex, S&M; and XXX-rated bedroom 'contract' games that make for strictly post-watershed reading only.The books became a word-of-mouth e-book hit after first being distributed in 2011 by the Australia-based Writer's Coffee Shop Publishing House.It became a must-have among well-heeled women on New York's Upper East Side, and was dubbed as 'mommy porn' after many admitted that the books made them want to have sex with their husbands.Since Fifty Shades stormed the bestseller lists, it has inspired themed sex workshops and even Funny or Die and Saturday Night Live comedy spoofs.Not everybody is impressed by the series' racy content though; several libraries in Florida , Wisconsin and Georgia have banned the booksFilm rights have been acquired by Universal Pictures and Focus Features .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444096", "title": "Sharon Stone sued for racial harassment", "text": "Sharon Stone's former live-in nanny has sued the actress for making racially derogatory comments around her and for violating labour laws.The 54-year-old actress, through a publicist, called the move \"an absurd lawsuit that has been filed by a disgruntled ex-employee.\"Erlinda T. Elemen, a Filipino woman who worked as Stone's live-in housekeeper and nanny for five years, filed a lawsuit on Tuesday, in Los Angeles Superior Court blaming Stone for various offences, ABC News reported.According to the papers filed in the court, Elemen claimed that she was asked not to speak to Stone's children because Stone did not want them to pick up her Filipino accent. Elemen added that Stone criticized her for attending church and at one point even forbade her to read the Bible in the house.Elemen has alleged that the Basic Instinct star withheld overtime payment from her.When Elemen brought it up, she claimed Stone paid her the wages but accused her of stealing, berated her in front of guests, and eventually fired her for accepting the overtime pay.The nanny is seeking an unspecified amount of unpaid wages, damages and penalties.Through her publicist, Paul Bloch, Stone said Elemen \"is obviously looking to get money any way she can. After she was terminated approximately 1 and a half years ago, she filed claims for alleged disability and workers compensation. Now, she is obviously looking for another opportunity to cash in. This is a frivolous lawsuit for absurd claims that are made-up and fabricated. Sharon Stone will be completely vindicated in court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13420753", "title": "Andhra Pradesh SSC results declared", "text": "The Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh declared the SSC results 2012 today at 11 am.The SSC results were to be announced on Wednesday but postponed by a day because minister for secondary education K Parthasarathi was busy with his bypoll campaign in Tirupati.Students who have been eagerly waiting for their SSC results can get their results at http://results1.ap.nic.in, http://results2.ap.nic.in and http://202.63.107.66/inter2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13417124", "title": "MS Dhoni blitz eliminates Mumbai from IPL 5", "text": "BANGALORE: Well begun is half the job done, they say. But they also say how you start doesn't always matter; it is how you finish that invariably does.Scorecard | Watch: IPL Highlights | Match in PicsOn Wednesday in front of a packed house at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, it was the second saying that prevailed, thanks to Mahendra Singh Dhoni's power-packed show, allowing Chennai to brush off a poor start with bat and ball to stay alive in the tournament.For Mumbai, who first had Chennai in all sorts of trouble at 30 for two after the first six overs and then themselves raced to 54/1 at the same stage of their innings, it was the intervening period that cost them the game and forced their exit from IPL 5. Having allowed Chennai to recover strongly to post as much as 187 for six, that too through just two partnerships of note, Mumbai had too big a mountain to climb and finished with 149/9, leaving their opponents victors by a healthy 38 runs.Both teams now head to their respective homes, Mumbai to cool their heels and Chennai to take on Delhi on Friday for a place in Sunday's final against Kolkata. Not bad for a side who were on the edge of bowing out in the league stage itself.Earlier, it was that familiar blast from the man known to save his best for the business end of things which that enabled Chennai set a big target.Having lost the toss to Harbhajan Singh, Dhoni, who too would have opted to bowl first like Mumbai did, saw the first two Chennai wickets disappear in a trice. 'Here we go again', the Chennai skipper must have muttered when Murali Vijay and Suresh Raina fell to the first two balls bowled by Mumbai seamer Dhawal Kulkarni.But then, once Dhoni himself made it to the middle following a steady and typically honest third wicket partnership of 94 (72 balls) between Michael Hussey (49, 39b, 8x4, 1x6) and S Badrinath (47, 39b, 6x4, 1x6), the script changed and as it usually happens, turned in favour of the Chennai skipper.No bowler, no not even Lasith Malinga was spared on the night, with Dhoni (51 not out, 20b, 6x4, 2x6, SR of 255) and his partner-in-crime Dwayne Bravo (33 n.o., 14b, 3x4, 2x6, SR of 236) - during an incredible 73-run, unbroken sixth-wicket stand that came off a mere 29 deliveries - going hell for leather, interspersing the big hits, which included the helicopter shot (Dhoni) and the flying shot (Bravo) with some really quick running between the wickets.The turnaround started with the hammering of Mumbai skipper Harbhajan for 19 runs in his third over after he had given away just one run from his first two overs at the beginning.That over, during which both Hussey and Badrinath helped themselves to maximums, ensured that Harbhajan didn't return for his final over, in a way leading to Kulkarni bowling the final over of the innings, which was then capitalized on by Dhoni and Bravo, the former just about missing out on the fastest fifty of the tournament.He has at least one more chance to do that though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13420457", "title": "Mumbai: Three students of Vasai college questioned in paper leak case", "text": "MUMBAI: Three students from a Vasai college have been questioned in connection with the November 2011 Bachelor in Management Studies (BMS) paper leak.The Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police, though, are still waiting for concrete leads in the case.The police, in an attempt to trace the origin of the paper leak, questioned a student who had forwarded the message to the university. This student directed them to another pupil, also in Vasai. The police ended up questioning three students but then learnt that the trail was not leading to the culprit.An officer with the BKC police said their investigation was still under way. They had earlier registered a case against an unknown person and were yet to make any arrests.The November paper leak was not the only case where the university, or even the police, failed to make a breakthrough.Officials from the university, probing the April 24 TYBMS international finance paper leak, had not been able to trace the source of the leak after realizing that 10 city colleges had broken the seal of the question paper bundle before receiving the university's message.An official from the university admitted that there has been no progress in the inquiry and they cannot set a time-frame as to when the report may be completed. One of the committee members is also on leave, the official added.Experts say it is difficult to plug the loopholes in the system. \"There are too many people involved in the process and the volume of work is also massive. Earlier, the university had the process under control. But now, the number of colleges has gone up and most of the new colleges (set up after 2000) have principals appointed on an ad-hoc basis,\" said a principal.The university has certain other limitations as well. \"Till the time we have conclusive evidence against any college, it is difficult to point fingers,\" he added.When the Marketing and Human Resources Management paper leaked on March 27, the university initially claimed that it was a rumour. The university acknowledged that the paper had indeed leaked only after a student blew the lid off the goof-up at BNN College, Bhiwandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423308", "title": "Kolkata sees its worst day this summer", "text": "KOLKATA: Wednesday was the wickedest day this summer. A discomfort index whose rise and fall makes or breaks the Kolkatans' day through the sapping months of May and June, hit a season's high of 69.2, giving the city its most uncomfortable 24 hours so far. With no rain on the radar to bail the city out, the Met office doesn't foresee a respite anytime soon.Though Wednesday's day temperature, at 37.1\u00b0C, was just a notch above normal, and the maximum humidity was bearable at 85%, the discomfort index was 14 points higher than its normal level, making the heat-and-humidity cocktail much more potent. A heat wave condition in Bihar and Orissa and the neighbouring districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Birbhum, added to the city's Wednesday woes.As a result, power demand, too, touched an all-time high. The peak demand was 1,863 MW at 3.30 pm on Wednesday, officials said. CESC met the entire demand, importing 744 MW from state utility WBSEDCL. The previous record was on May 17 when the demand hit 1,854 MW.\"There is incursion of moisture from the Bay of Bengal that has resulted in the formation of a trough of low pressure in the city's vicinity,\" regional meteorological centre director GC Debnath said. \"But this trough isn't strong enough to push the formation of thunderclouds and is adding to the humidity instead. Unless there is sufficient rain, there will be no improvement in the weather condition. No rain is expected in at least the next 24 hours.\"Though there is no heat wave warning for Kolkata, the maximum temperature is expected to touch 39\u00b0C on Thursday. The minimum temperature on Wednesday was 29.5\u00b0C, four notches above normal.Though May is the month for regular Nor'westers, this thunderstorm is not hitting the city as frequently as it should have had. This has made May miserable for city dwellers. The absence of regular Nor'wester had pushed up the mercury to the season's highest on May 16 when the maximum temperature had climbed to 40.5\u00b0 C. The discomfort index too had shot up to 69 degree Celsius on May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13422347", "title": "PM to invite Suu Kyi to visit India", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh will extend an invitation to Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi to visit India when he meets her on Tuesday. Suu Kyi has not travelled abroad in 24 years but has accepted the invitation to visit Britain and Norway in June.Singh, who will start his three-day visit to Myanmar on Sunday, will hold talks with Myanmar's President Thein Sein on Monday before his much awaited meeting, as TOI had reported earlier, with Suu Kyi the next day in Yangon. Like China, India earlier sent \"feelers\" to Suu Kyi after her party's victory in the recent by-elections that it was willing to host her but this is the first time that the PM himself will officially invite her.Singh's visit to Myanmar, the first by an Indian prime minister in 25 years, will also see the two countries discussing measures to step up trade and expand connectivity by signing several agreements, including a revised aviation pact to increase the number of flights between them and by discussing India's proposal to open a bus route from Imphal to Mandalay. Government officials said both the issues are likely to be cleared by the Cabinet on Thursday.While the revised aviation agreement will see flights to Myanmar from 18 Indian cities, many onwards to other destinations in southeast Asia, it is India's proposal for a bus link to Mandalay via Moreh which doesn't seem to have curried favour with Naypyidaw.During Thein Sein's visit to India last year, the two sides had agreed, as mentioned in the joint statement, to study the feasibility of not just expanding air connectivity but also establishing bus and ferry services. \"It was our proposal to open a bus route to Mandalay from Imphal and while we hope it happens, so far there is no indication from Myanmar that it is willing to go ahead with an agreement during the PM's visit next week,'' said an official.Both leaders will also look at the possibility of commencing ferry services on the Kolkata-Yangon and Chennai-Yangon routes.India is also likely to announce yet another line of credit for Myanmar during Singh's visit but the amount has not yet been disclosed. India had announced a $300 million line of credit in 2010 and another $500 million last year.Indian companies like Gail, Essar and ONGC have made substantial investments in Myanmar's off-shore and on-shore blocks and in construction of natural gas pipelines. India is hoping that Myanmar will agree to encourage further investments by Indian companies, both in public and private sector, in the oil and natural gas sectors. They are also likely to announce opening of new border trading points along the border.Singh and Thein Sein will also review implementation of the crucial Kaladan Multi-modal Transit Transport Project which will link the northeast to Myanmar coast and through it to the Indian mainland reducing India's dependence on the Siliguri corridor or chicken's neck. The project involves port development and inland waterways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425348", "title": "Sunnis' apex body seeks quality modern education", "text": "LUCKNOW: Labeling it a prime pre-condition for empowering the minority community, the All India Ulema and Mashaikh Board is all set to give a call for setting up a central madrassa board and sizable increase in the number of quality modern education centers in the Minority Concentrated Districts (MCDs) all over the country.The issue is expected to dominate the annual general meeting of the apex body of Sunni Muslims on May 30 to be held in Kichocha Sharif near Ambedkarnagar. Apart from raising a pitch for the progressive agenda, it is sure to raise the hackles of conservative lobbies including the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIUMB) which also wants total control and management of Dargahs and their immediate exemption from the Waqf Act.Talking to TOI, AIUMB secretary Babar Ashraf said that those not in favour of Central Madrassa Act are no well-wishers of the community. \"Linking madrassa teachings to modern education is the only way to ensure academic excellence and also better opportunities in the job markets. Attempts to thwart the move by the other lobbies are proving to be major hindrance in the progress and development of Muslim youth. We therefore demand the Centre to put aside all doubts and procrastinating tactics and go ahead with the Act,\" he said.\"The Board proposes to root for more number of quality modern education centers in the minority concentrated districts,\" Ashraf said. \"Despite all the hype they hardly have any presence. In a state like UP the total number of such centres is only 90 which is laughably small. We now demand rescheduling the criteria of selection of MCDs. At present, a district must have 25% Muslim population to qualify for a an MCD. The bar needs to be lowered and brought down to 15 or 20% so that more can benefit, he said.\"Then mismanagement and corruption of dargahs at the hands of government lackeys is reached a point of notoriety,\" he added. UP has at lest 150 registered dargahs and most of them have fallen pray to the greed and indifference of present caretakers. The issue had surfaced in the Muslim mahapanchayat in Moradabad which was attended by 3 lakh followers in October 2011. Later, the memorandum stating the demand was presented to Union minister for minority affairs Salman Khurshid , he claimed. Despite assurances, the Centre is dragging its feet leading to much restlessness and anger within the minority community, he added..Listing a prominent dargahs in UP like dargah of Hazrat Syed Salar Masood Ghazi in Bahraich, Hazarat Waris Ali Shah in Barabanki, Hazrat Saleem Chishti in Fatehpur Seekari Agra, Hazrat Shah Wilaait Sahib Amroha and Hazrat Sarfuddin Shah, Amorha, Ashraf said that all of them have 50 to 60 acres of land attached to the shrine. and therefore become a lucrative option for the unscrupulous.According to Hidait-ul- Rawait, basic qualificationa for the caretakers of dargah is a sound knowledge of applied shariat, honesty and a decent family background .These conditions need to be followed verbatim, is our demand during the two day meet, Ashraf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13429833", "title": "Short circuit started fire, thermocol in room fed it", "text": "NEW DELHI: All 250 people trapped in the Punjab National Bank building were rescued, thanks the fire department's swift operation. \"This was the biggest rescue operation for us in 30 years and lasted 55 minutes. Besides using two hydraulic lifts and 122 officers, we formed seven different teams,\" Delhi fire service chief A K Sharma, who himself led the rescue, said.Learning from the AMRI Hospital tragedy in Kolkata, the fire department personnel broke window panes on the fourth floor, where people had gathered waiting to be brought out, to minimize cases of suffocation. Water was sparingly used to keep smoke to a minimum.The fire was probably caused due to a short circuit in the CCTV monitoring room and spread swiftly because of thermocol stored there, said a senior police officer. It took the fire personnel around two hours to douse the fire using more than 25 fire tenders from 11 stations.Some of the trapped employees used their own devices to escape to safety. While most waited for the fire service to rescue them from the fourth floor, some crossed over to the adjacent building on their own. Aditya, a PNB employee, said he went on the temporary staircase running along the sewer pipe on the terrace and jumped to the terrace of the adjacent UCO bank building.The fire chief said his personnel worked on three fronts simultaneously - rescuing trapped people, controlling the fire and ensure no one got injured. He said the department received 18 distress calls between 4.40pm and 4.52pm. Rajesh Pawar, divisional officer of DCP rank, had to be admitted to hospital with serious breathing problems due to excessive inhalation of smoke.The fire department received the first call around 4.40pm about the incident. Witnesses said they saw sparks and flames between 4.20 and 4.30pm after which the bank employees themselves tried to douse it.The incident caused huge panic among the hundreds of bank staffers, customers and IT department officials as people ran to the top floors. Witnesses said that wind caused the flames to spread to spiral staircases because of which many people could not come down. Even as the fire broke out and the alarms were raised, confusion prevailed as most employees thought that it was a mock fire drill. \"We first thought it was a mock drill and were moving really slow. But then as the smell of stuff burning started to spread, we understood something was really wrong,\" said Ruchi Radha, an employee.Dr T S Sidhu Medical Superintendent of the Ram Manohar Lohia hospital said that only person was brought to the hospital with superficial injuries and discharged later. \"We have not admitted any patient,\" said Sidhu. \"We are trying to restore all bank facilities with the help of the Mumbai data centre. Everyone has been safely evacuated. We do not know the extent of damage to the files and the data centre at the moment,\" said K R Kamat, CMD, PNB.The fire department had issued an NOC to the building last in 1994-95. Officials said they were checking if the NOC had been renewed recently.\"On the basis of the complaint by an injured bank employee, Dharmendra Kumar, we have registered a case of act endangering life or personal safety of others under section 336 of IPC and are investigating to establish culpability,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418719", "title": "Government to survey lifestyle diseases in 35 districts", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to conduct a health survey to gather data on lifestyle-related diseases in rural areas of Maharashtra.The District Level Household Survey (DLHS) will help the public health department get insights into various health indicators for 35 districts. \"There is no database about these diseases in the rural areas,\" said professor R K Sinha, project coordinator of DLHS.The survey, sponsored by the ministry of health and family welfare, will be coordinated by International Institute of Population Sciences. A total of 51,000 households with an estimated population of a quarter million will be covered. \"Health workers from 2,040 primary sampling units will collect blood samples from select households. 70% of the sampling will be done from rural areas,\" said Sinha.The survey will include clinical, anthropometic and bio-chemical tests, which will assess level of anemia, blood sugar, blood pressure, ante-natal and post-natal care and contraceptive prevalence among others. \"Even though we will be covering 51,000 households, they will not be selected randomly. We will use probability proportional to size-a sampling procedure, which will give results indicative of the state's population,\" said Sinha.The mapping and listing will start from Monday while the actual survey will take place from August. \"We will start the survey work from August 15. It will take eight months to complete the survey. We aim to get the final results by March next year,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13447128", "title": "Amit pulls out, Sushil unlikely for Indian Grand Prix Wrestling", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic-bound grappler Amit Kumar has been forced to pull out of the Hari Ram Indian Grand Prix wrestling after being diagnosed with chicken pox while Beijing Games bronze medallist Sushil Kumar still remains a doubtful starter for the inaugural edition of the event, commencing on Friday.Chief national coach Vinod Kumar informed that Amit has contracted the highly contagious disease and will sit out of the tournament, which will witness 300 grapplers from more than 20 nations in action at the city's Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium.\"Amit was feeling unwell last night and woke up with chicken pox spots in his body this morning. He had spots all over the body. He will not be participating in the tournament as it's an infectious disease,\" Kumar said.\"The tournament will serve as a good competition before the London Games but we can't take any chances with the health of our medal hopeful. We don't know how he got it but he has just accepted it. Amit will soon return to the ring,\" the coach added.Amit had qualified for the London Games after clinching gold in the 55kg category at an Asian qualification tournament in Astana, Kazakhstan in March.Talking about Sushil, who has a slight niggle in his right knee, Kumar said that a decision on his participation would be taken on Friday before his opening bout on Saturday.\"We will take a call on his participation tomorrow. He is still recovering from the injury. His first bout is on Saturday and that gives us some time to decide. We will take a call keeping in mind the London Olympics as we don't want to rush his return,\" Kumar said.The 28-year-old wrestler injured his right knee during the World qualifying event held in Taiyuan, China. Sushil (66kg) picked up the injury in the semifinal bout against Ukraine's Andriy Kvyatkovskyy.In the absence of Amit and Sushil, other two Olympic-bound wrestlers, Yogeshwar Dutt and Narsingh Yadav would be spearheading the Indian challenge in the men's event.The three-day tournament, which boasts of a galaxy of Olympians, Asian and European Games medal winners, will be an ideal ground for the Olympic-bound Indian wrestlers to hone their skills ahead of the marquee event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418598", "title": "Graft case against excise officials", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has registered a case against Vidyadhar Joshi, superintendent, service tax, Central Excise at Akurdi, Pune and Vinaya Kale, inspector, service tax, Central Excise at Akurdi.The duo has been accused of demanding a bribe of Rs 5 lakh for not levying service tax on a hall run by the complainant. The complainant told the CBI that the amount demanded was reduced to Rs 2.5 lakh. Joshi was caught accepting the first installment of Rs 1.25 lakh at the service tax office at Akurdi.The probe revealed that PV Anghachekar, assistant commissioner of service tax, Akurdi and Vinaya Kale were involved in the case. They were arrested on May 22.The accused had told the complainant that the latter's total liability would be Rs 9.31 lakh, 25% penalty and interest thereon. The procedure involved issuance of show cause notice to the complainant, which couldn't be taken back. A bribe of Rs 2.50 lakh was demanded to settle the matter. While cash worth Rs 2.62 lakh was recovered from Kale's home, Rs 1 lakh in cash was seized from Joshi's home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13419160", "title": "For firemen, it was their toughest test in 20 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the last of the 250-odd people trapped atop the smoke-filled Punjab National Bank headquarters came out unharmed in a seemingly providential escape on Wednesday evening, few realized that the flawless rescue resulted from the fire department's biggest and most well-coordinated operation in nearly 20 years.Delhi Fire Service sources told TOI that the operation to rescue people from the PNB building's fourth floor started as soon as the first distress call was received at 4.40pm. Within 12 minutes, 17 more calls came, spurring teams at 11 fire stations into action. It took the firemen just under an hour to bring down 125 people from the hot roof.Fire department chief AK Sharma said the rescue was a complex three-pronged operation. \"We got a call at 4.40pm. Since it is a high-rise building, all the necessary equipment, like hydraulic platforms, ladders, lighting van and oxygen masks, was sent from the nearest fire station near Gurudwara Rakab Ganj. At first, five fire tenders were sent. But as we raised the risk level to medium, and then to medium-serious, fire tenders from as far as Prasad Nagar and Safdarjung Enclave came.\"Sharma said firemen put into practice lessons learnt from the AMRI Hospital tragedy in Kolkata. \"We broke the windows on two sides to let the air in. One team was stationed at the monkey ladder on the fourth floor to help in evacuating people from the fourth floor to the terrace, and from there to the UCO Bank terrace. Two other teams handled the lifts. Another team worked on containing the fire from the ground to the second floors,'' said Sharma, explaining that altogether seven teams were in action.The PNB headquarters is said to have at least 1,500-2,000 people inside during work hours. \"Since the building has many employees and they were stuck at various levels, the smoke log was raised to serious immediately,\" Sharma said. This was the first time that the department used breathe analyzers in a rescue operation.There was heavy deployment of men and machinery, including 23 fire tenders. \"There were three operations running at the same time. One was at the facade of the building from where employees were being evacuated using hydraulic platforms and ladders. Another operation was being conducted on the terrace while the third was on to contain the fire,\" said Sharma.\"Using shafts and monkey ladders that connected the fourth floor and the terrace, employees were evacuated from the UCO Bank building at the back of the PNB headquarters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427051", "title": "Book lovers get yet another paradise", "text": "BANGALORE: Mystic strains of 'Yakundendu Ya Veena' in Raag Kalyani enveloped book lovers and authors alike as the city reiterated its encouragement of artistic expression. As Yuva Puraskar winner and author Vikram Sampath set the tone for the launch of Oxford's third bookstore in Bangalore with his vandana to Goddess Saraswati , celebrated writers listened in soulful silence.Guest of honour UR Ananthamurthy kept his speech short and sharp: \"When I was young, I'd say to friends, 'Let's meet at a bookstore'. We spent hours in bookstores likes Shanbhag's Premier. He's a great man who knew every book. Bookstores should be places where you can sit and read and if you don't want to buy the book, finish it right there!\" he said.He launched Shashi Deshpande's new book 'Ships that Pass' . \"This launch wasn't planned - everything happened overnight. I am lucky Ananthamurthy launched it. In fact, Girish Karnad who launched my previous book, is also here. It's great so many bookstores are opening in the city and I'll just say, buy a book for every occasion ,\" said Shashi.Karnad, who made a surprise entry, said: \"It's always a great pleasure to be in a bookshop.\" The city's growing fraternity of authors - Shinie Antony, Jahnavi Barua, Poile Sengupta and CK Meena - were among a host of literati present at the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13423650", "title": "One hurt as criminals open fire near police station in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: One rickshaw-puller was injured when some criminals fire indiscriminately at a sweet shop, few meters away from the Doranda police station.Officer in charge of Doranda police station F Ahmad said around 3.30pm some unidentified youths came to the shop and demanded Rs 20,000.\"When shop owner Deep Chand refused to pay, they left the place only to return after some time and opened fire. One bullet hits a rickshaw puller Chatru Munda, who is at the shop at that time, on his left ankle,\" said Ahmad. Munda has been admitted to a hospital and is out of danger. No one has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13426090", "title": "Girls outsmart boys in exam, but wilt in stress", "text": "CHENNAI: A day before the class 12 exam results were declared on Tuesday, V Tamilselvi consumed insecticide while her parents were away at work. The 17-year-old, a student of the Government Higher Secondary School in Cuddalore, was afraid of failing in mathematics.The next morning, after doctors at Puducherry Government Hospital failed to save her, Tamilselvi's parents found that she had passed in all subjects, including mathematics.Girls outperform boys in the board examinations every year. Surprisingly, the state also records a higher rate of exam-related suicides among girls. According to data released by the National Crime Records Bureau, 124 girls killed themselves over exam results as compared to 116 boys in 2010. The ratio of girls to boys ending their lives because of exam-related stress has been similar since 2005, when 314 girls and 159 boys committed suicide.Girls, especially in rural areas, are under tremendous pressure to prove themselves by doing well in exams, says Lakshmi Vijayakumar, founder of Chennai-based suicide helpline SNEHA. \"If a boy gets average marks, parents don't mind spending money to send him to a private engineering or medical college,\" she says. The same luxury is not available to girls for whom marriage is an alternative to higher education.Many parents impose conditions on their daughters, forcing them to get married if they don't secure a minimum of 900 or 1,000 marks, says D Shireen, founder of Velicham, an NGO.\"More girls than boys call us from the rural areas. Most of them feel guilty if they don't live up to their parents' expectations,\" she says.A reverse trend has been observed in Chennai city, where fewer girls than boys commit suicide.Volunteers at SNEHA received more than 20 phone calls soon after the results were declared on Tuesday. \"Awareness levels are higher in the city and more students have been calling the helpline and every year,\" says Dr Lakshmi Vijayakumar. \"However, students who call us are much more distressed than before and need more counseling,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13421593", "title": "DJB considers PPP model for better services", "text": "NEW DELHI: To ensure 24x7 water supply without resorting to privatization, Delhi Jal Board on Wednesday laid out the roadmap for improving supply through Public Private Partnership in Nangloi Water Treatment Plant command area covering Mundka, Najafgarh, Mohan Garden and Prashant Vihar.The pilot is being projected as a model that is proposed to be replicated in other areas too. The DJB elaborated on the PPP model during the two-day \"Jal Bhagidari Workshop\" organized by Delhi Jal Board along with voluntary organization ACORD on improvement and revamping of the existing water supply, transmission and distribution network under the Nangloi Water Treatment Plant.Addressing the concluding session of the workshop, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said, \"DJB has taken steps to provide 24X7 water supply in the project area as in other cities like Nagpur, Hubli-Dharwad, Gulbarga.\" The Resident Welfare Associations and staff working in the project area of the Nangloi Project and officers of DJB attended the workshop held at the Delhi Secretariat.\"The project will make available piped water supply to each and every house of the project area. All villages and unauthorized colonies will be provided household connections. Two new underground reservoirs will be constructed in Mundka and Najafgarh. More than 1,200km of new distribution lines will also be laid,\" DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee said.She further said that responsibility of service connections for consumers will be taken over by DJB in the project areas. Mukherjee stated the Board is exploring ways to implement similar PPP projects in other areas also.The payment to the private operator would be independent of consumer tariff and consumers would not be required to pay anything to the operator. The operators would be paid by DJB. Tariff in the pilot project will be the same as in rest of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13429441", "title": "Uttarakhand girl accuses lawyer of rape", "text": "RAJKOT: A 24-year-old girl from Udhampur district in Uttarakhand has accused two persons, including a lawyer, of raping her in Bhavnagar.The victim has filed complaint with A-division police station against Bhagwan alias Bhagaji and lawyer Prakash Patel.According to police officials, girl's father Sugriv Chauhan had died in an accident at Alang ship-breaking yard in 1999. She and her mother had come to the city three days ago to withdraw a fixed deposit amount from the bank.\"Poonam was earlier dealing with one lawyer called Jagdish Rawal, but they did not find him as he had shifted his residence. Meanwhile, they met Patel, a resident of Chavdigate area. Patel assured them to of help in this regard and asked for Rs 3,000 as fees. Poonam agreed to pay him,\" police said.On Tuesday, Patel then called up his friend Bhagwan and both of them took the girl and her mother on separate bikes saying that they need to go to the bank to withdraw the amount.On the way, the duo dropped her mother mid-way and took away the girl with them at Patel's house, where Bhagwan allegedly raped her. Patel was standing outside the house when Bhagwan was allegedly raping her.\"We have arrested Patel and Bhagwan and are investigating the case,'' police inspector, A-division police station, Pradeepsinh Jadeja said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13423712", "title": "Workers' college to appoint faculties on contract", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jamshedpur Workers College (JWC), which is apparently on the path of academic revival following multiple steps initiated by the newly appointed principal D P Shukla, will appoint lecturers in bulk on contract.In the wake of inadequate strength of the faculties in science, commerce and arts stream in the intermediate section, the college has decided to appoint faculty members on contract. According to information, 18 teachers will be appointed for the new academic session (2012-13).\"The objective is to ensure classes are not hampered and students are able to complete the course within the specified time,\" Shukla said adding that the notification to this effect would be issued soon. According to the college administration, faculties will be hired on contract on monthly salary of Rs 4000 as per the provisions of the Jharkhand Academic Council, (JAC). The candidates who have 65% marks in the postgraduation level will be eligible for applying for the job.\"The selection committee of the college will appoint the faculties on merit,\" said an official in the administrative wing of the college.Although several colleges affiliated to Kolhan University do have faculties on contract, these faculties have been appointed on adhoc basis for the different vocational and professional courses. \"Appointment of the lecturers on adhoc basis is not new, but there's a difference between vocational course and regular courses,\" said a college faculty.A Kolhan University official said the varsity did made an effort to make up the faculty shortage in its affiliated colleges through appointment of PG degree holders on contract basis but the move failed to make headway for different reasons. According to a section of the students of Workers College, since his appointment as the principal Shukla has been working hard to restore academic environment on the college campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13423256", "title": "Modi invited forlecture in B'lore", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who is also chairman of the empowered committee of state finance ministers on Goods and Services Tax (GST), has been invited to address the students of National Law School of India University, Bangalore, on May 25.Modi said he would deliver a lecture on 'Taxation of supplies of Goods and Services: Issues relating to state policy, governance and welfare' at a one-day conference being jointly sponsored by the Planning Commission and the university. The deputy CM, who will be the chief guest, will also inaugurate the conference.The deputy CM said here on Wednesday that GST is being viewed as a major reformatory step in the field of direct taxes after independence. \"Experts are of the view that following implementation of the GST and the empowered committee's recommendations, at least 2% increase in the GDP growth of the country will be possible,\" Modi said.The conference at Bangalore will be attended, among others, by former chairman of National Human Rights Commission and retired chief justice of India Rajendra Babu, Prof P K Choubey and Prof K K Pandey of the Indian Institute of Public Administration, former commissioner of Central Board of Excise and Customs T R Rastogi besides many tax experts of the country.Modi who left for Mumbai on Wednesday to attend the two-day national executive meeting of the BJP, will leave for Bangalore on Thursday evening from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13424474", "title": "Enforcement directorate to prosecute accused in Sugni Devi land scam", "text": "INDORE: The enforcement directorate (ED) is all set to prosecute the accused in the much-talked about Sugni Devi land scam. The plot of land, falling under Sugni Devi premises, was allotted to a firm, Dhanlaxmi Chemicals allegedly at a throwaway price during the term of former mayor Kailash Vijayawargiya, presently the state industries minister.The land that was shown in the master plan as a residential area was allotted to an industry which allegedly in violation of the norms.The ED has already filed a case against the president of Nanda Nagar co-operative housing society, the local MLA Ramesh Mendola and Manish Singhvi and Vijay Kothari both of Dhanlaxmi Chemicals'. The ED has taken note of the alleged irregularities by the company while striking the deal for its land.Shortly, the ED will issue summon under enforcement case information report (ECIR) of the Money Laundering Act against them.The ED has sought help from the state Lokayukta, which had probed the case originally. Lokayukta has taken up the case under prevention of corruption Act. The official added that the ED will file a challan in a special court shortly in this connection.Meanwhile, the ED has attached the property of Boby Chhabra of which total value, as per current market estimates, is said to be at Rs 15 crore, said the source. There is a provision of a maximum of seven years of jail under the Act, the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13428496", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation seals business establishments", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) on Wednesday continued its drive against shops and business establishments carrying out trade without a valid licence. Revenue inspectors of the civic body who went on an inspection drive in the central business district areas of the city sealed two hotels, a supermarket, a mobile shop, a juice shop, and a fancy shop for functioning without licences.MCC commissioner Harish Kumar told TOI that the corporation would continue the drive against shops and business establishments in the future as well. \"I have instructed the revenue section officials to check all shops and business establishments across the city and verify if they have a valid trade licence. Units sealed during the drive will be opened only after they obtain a trade licence from the corporation,\" he said.MCC had sealed a few shops and business establishments near the Central Market area on the same charge during a surprise visit conducted by officials from the environmental engineering section recently. Harish Kumar had then instructed the revenue section to carry out an independent drive and crack down on errant shop keepers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424732", "title": "Government to scrap Special Economic Zone Act", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Wednesday announced that it is scrapping the West Bengal SEZ Act 2003. The chief minister had already made it clear that she was against allowing SEZ (special economic zone) status to Infosys, this move has made her stand official.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Wednesday said that the state government was keen to see Infosys setting up its campus in the state. However, reiterating Trinamool's stand against SEZs, Chatterjee said: \"I want Infosys to invest in Bengal. But our government has a stand on the basis of principles that we are against SEZ and the decision to scrap the SEZ Act was taken by the cabinet sub-committee on industries and infrastructure.\" The state cabinet will take the final call.Mamata had earlier stated that no exception will be made for Infosys by granting it an SEZ status. Chatterjee said that the industries sub-committee was going to give an alternative proposal to Infosys and hoped that there will be investment in the IT sector despite the official policy. Chatterjee is, in fact, holding talks with Infosys on their proposal.Infosys has, however, made it clear that \"in principle\" it would be difficult for the company to set up a campus in Bengal without SEZ status. The Left Front government had allotted 50 acres of land to Infosys at the satellite township of Rajarhat for which IT major had reportedly paid Rs 75 crore.The decision to scrap the SEZ Act was taken because neither does the state government have an SEZ policy and nor is the government in favour of abolishing provisions of the Urban Land Ceiling Act. Moreover, many companies enjoying tax holidays in the SEZ have wound up after the expiry of the tax holiday period. Chatterjee, who is also the IT minister, said that the state government is going to formulate its new IT policy within a fortnight. The state last had an IT policy in 2003.The state's draft IT policy, which is going to be tabled in the cabinet, will lay emphasis on the hardware sector. A team of experts will therefore be visiting Taiwan soon to get a first-hand idea of hardware institutes. The draft IT policy has suggested setting up of IT industries in Kolkata, Asansol, Kalyani and Siliguri.The policy focuses more on tier-II and tier-III cities of the state in order to bring in desired growth in IT.The draft policy, chalked out in consultation with NR Narayana Murthy and technocrat Sam Pitroda, has set a target to raise the state's share (by value) in production of electronic goods in India from 3% at present to 15% by 2020. It also aims at making Bengal among the top three IT states by 2017. The draft was recast after it went to the IT committee members.The policy will give more clear guidelines for the growth of IT software and hardware industries in the state. It will also emphasize on Electronics System Design and Manufacturing (ESDM). So far, the state has been lagging behind in this sector.Asked about the state's progress in the sector IT compared to bigger states in the country like Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh , Nasscom regional manager (east) Suparno Moitra said: \"IT growth has always been a city-based growth and not a state-based growth. Tier-II and tier-III cities are definitely cost competitive, but it is important that the infrastructure is in place.\"The focus areas would be high revenue generating sectors like financial services and banking, insurance, retail &amp; distribution, engineering design and life sciences. A lot of employable human resource will be required.Chatterjee also said that Indian Institute of Information Technology is coming up at Kalyani which will be jointly run by Coal India, Roalta, and JSW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420047", "title": "IPL molestation row: Zohal Hamid reaches settlement with Luke Pomersbach, Sidhartha Mallya", "text": "NEW DELHI:In a late-night development,US national Zohal Hamid's lawyer confirmed that she had reached a settlement with Team Bangalores director Sidhartha Mallya and Australian player Luke Pomersbach, who plays for the team.TOI had reported on Wednesday that the two sides were on the verge of reaching a compromise.My client has come to an agreement with Pomersbach and an appropriate petition will be filed in court on Thursday for quashing of the FIR, Rajneesh Chopra,Zohals lawyer,told TOI. Chopra also said Zohal would not proceed with a defamation case against Mallya after he posted a tweet describing his earlier, controversial tweets about her as unfortunate.US national Zohal Hamid's lawyer confirmed late on Wednesday night that she would not file a defamation case against Sidhartha Mallya after he tweeted an apology of sorts. I've always been a very loyal person who stands up for friends.The tweets/comments made were unfortunate,being the product of stressful circumstances &amp; I realise people drew meaning and connotations other than and beyond what was intended against Zohal, Sidhartha Mallya tweeted at 11.22pm.My client is satisfied with the apology. It complies with the demands of the legal notice.All charges have been dropped against Mallya, Zohals lawyer Rajneesh Chopra told TOI. At 11.24pm, Mallya tweeted, Oh and btw, I know ppl can be cynical, so just so u know,the settlement wasn't financial in any way! At 11.37, he again tweeted, So glad that all charges have been dropped and Luke can return down under A FREE MAN!Interestingly, controversial businessman Abhishek Verma, who has described Zohal as his rakhi sister, tweeted, Truly disappointed @sidharthamallya as his tweet doesn't contain an apology. How difficult is it to say,Sorry Zohal, I take my words back.However, Zohal and the Peerzadas seem in no mood to continue the high-profile battle that has been making headlines ever since she accused Luke of molesting her and assaulting Sahil, early on May 18. Rajneesh Chopra said Luke,Zohal and her boyfriend Sahil Peerzada met in Delhi on Wednesday along with their lawyers and came to an agreement, but declined to divulge the venue of the meeting.Earlier on Wednesday, Sahil's elder brother, Feroze, had told TOI: I have advised my brother to forgive Luke and withdraw the complaint. I respect our culture of forgiving and forgetting. Luke should also apologize for his behaviour.Even as the buzz about an impending settlement become louder throughout Wednesday, Delhi Police said they were investigating the charges according to the procedure and would be filing a chargesheet soon.We have not received any direction from the court and will continue with the investigation. Even if the complainant decides to withdraw the complaint,police will have to submit the chargesheet as a formal FIR has already been registered. In case of withdrawal of case,the matter can be resolved only in the high court, said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418625", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation-Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority blame game begins", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has said that it has completed 66% of the pre-monsoon desilting work. The civic body has called for a joint meeting with various agencies like the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA), Mumbai Port Trust (MPT) and the railways to take stock of the work.L S Vhatkar, chief engineer (storm water drains) said, \"We had set a deadline of May 31 and have so far finished 66% of desilting work. However, agencies like the MMRDA have not been up to the mark.\"A senior civic official said, \"We have done our bit but the railways and the MMRDA started their work a week ago and have completed only 20%. With the monsoon only a few weeks away, these areas are sure to get water logged despite the BMC completing its work on time.\"Vhatkar pointed out that several of the box drains on the eastern and western highways need to be cleared of debris.Residents have voiced concern over the lack of coordination between the BMC and the MMRDA. In Vakola, residents fear a relapse of July 26 as an incomplete MMDRA bridge over the storm water drain has choked the drain, rendering it useless.One of the residents, Dhaval Shah, told TOI, \"The incomplete bridge over the Vakola nallah has still not been cleared by the authorities. Though the desilting of the nullah has been completed, it will do us little good as this bridge continues to trap garbage and blocks the flow of water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bokaro/ramgarh", "code": "13423732", "title": "CBI raids Central Coalfields Limited officials' premises", "text": "BOKARO/RAMGARH: Ten teams of the CBI on Wednesday raided houses and offices of seven officials of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in different places of state, including Dhori area of Bermo subdivision, Ramgarh and Dhanbad districts, in connection with investigation related to coal shortage scam of Rs 200 crore.A CBI team has also raided the office of general manager of the Mahanadi Coalfield Limited U S Singh in Sambalpur district of Odisha, who was earlier posted in CCL, Dhori. The raids were conducted in three cases related to coal shortage in the CCL Dhori area in 2011 January. The CCL vigilance has also busted the scam earlier, said SP CBI Dhanbad P K Manjhi.Besides Singh, other six officers are A K Choudhary, Virender Singh, S K Singh, D K Jha, Satyajit Kumar and R K Dubna. The CBI has conducted raids at office and house of Jha in Dhanbad. The other team simultaneously conducted raids at residence and office of Dubna in Badkishyal and Satyajit Kumar at Barkakana. All these six officials were posted as manager and project officer in Dhori project of the CCL in 2011 when the irregularities took place.\"There was coal shortage of about 40 to 66% of the overall production in the project, loss of which is assessed to be about Rs 200 crore. Of the three mines of the CCL Dhori, there was shortage of 66.54% coal in Tarmi, 60.44% in Amlo and 44.27% in Kalayani coalfields,\" said Manjhi. Sources said the coal shortage was about 13 lakh tones which is one of the biggest scam in the CCL.The CBI sleuths have recovered several documents related to the case from the residences and offices of the officers. The raids began in the morning and ended in evening at almost all the places. However, the search at Singh's office in Sambalpur began late and raid continued till late evening \"The CBI has taken up the case on a tip off. No arrest has been made but the CBI can also lodge disproportionate assets (DA) case against the officers in this connection,\" said Manjhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "13422366", "title": "Train passengers in AC compartment robbed of cash, valuables", "text": "DELHI: Exposing the shoddy security arrangements inside trains originating from the capital, two men looted four passengers inside a first AC coach of UP Samparkranti Express.The incident took place between Okhla and Old Faridabad stations on Tuesday night, half-an-hour after the train left the Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station.According to railway sources, the robbers targeted a family from Vasundhara in Ghaziabad.\"The robbers were armed and held the Travelling Ticket Examiner (TTE) hostage. They looted me of Rs 10,000 cash, a laptop, earrings and mobiles. I lost valuables worth around Rs 1 lakh,'' said Chandra Prakash, one of the victims.Faridabad GRP confirmed a passenger was injured; however, they refused to divulge the name.The Faridabad GRP registered a zero FIR and the case has been forwarded to Delhi GRP. A case of robbery has been registered by the Delhi crime branch. \"We are looking into the call details and investigating if anyone near the Faridabad station had noticed a duo run off after the chain was pulled. Haryana police's help would be taken whenever required,'' said a senior Delhi police officer.According to police, the accused escaped after the passengers raised an alarm in the train.The UP GRP was in charge of the train security. \"We are told there were two men in the train from the GRP. But since the incident took place in a compartment, they could not react,'' said a Northern Railway officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13418560", "title": "Thane civic chief assures time-bound clearance of projects", "text": "THANE: Thane municipal commissioner RA Rajeev on Wednesday proposed a string of initiatives aimed at time-bound and transparent clearances for construction projects in the lake city aimed to restore faith of the developers in the civic body.During an hour-long meeting with honchos of the construction industry involved in real estate on Wednesday, Rajeev suggested mechanisms such as preparing a manual of must- dos for architects and builders while submitting proposals to the town planning department. Rajeev offered to meet the builders and developers from Thane once a month to discuss pending issues and speed up administrative clearances. As many as 35-40 renowned names in the construction business including Kalpataru, Dosti, Cosmos, Ashar, Soham were present at the meeting held in the municipal commssioner's office on Wednesday. To ensure greater accountability in the new mechanism, all heads of civic departments involved in giving clearances to residential or commercial projects were also present.\"We are happy with the approach of the municipal commissioner. All we are asking is to avoid delays in issuing clearances at all levels should the proposal be submitted with requisite documents,'' a developer who was part of the delegation said.\"The commissioner suggested that departments should prepare a manual listing out the documents that have to be submitted,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13425329", "title": "Long lines to apply for reevaluation", "text": "COIMBATORE: Students and parents had to wait long hours at the CSI Boys Higher Secondary School near Town Hall on Wednesday to get application forms to obtain copies of answer sheets pertaining to the recently held class 12 examinations.A demand drafts (DD) taken from a nationalised bank has to be produced to get the application form which should be filled-in and submitted. Education officials said that four counters to receive the applications proved to be insufficient to deal with the long lines.M Dineshkumar, a class 12 student of a city school was waiting impatiently to submit his application after which he could decide whether to apply for a revaluation. Like Dineshkumar, several students and parents waited for hours to get the forms.Many of them complained about not getting the forms.Education officials claim that the rush was limited to the first day. Around 3,000 application forms were sent to the district. Only around 500 applications were received on Wednesday. The applications would be issued till Friday evening. The copies of the answer sheets would be sent by post to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423760", "title": "Lack of space to preserve bodies at GMC morgue", "text": "PANAJI: The body of a Russian woman, Tatiana Drutskya, 37, being preserved for more than two years, a right lower limb of a female and some unidentified bones of another person are some of the mortal remains that are cluttering up the 62-compartment Goa medical college (GMC) morgue at Bambolim.Irked by the lack of space to preserve more bodies, GMC authorities informed the superintendents of police, north and south Goa, and the Agasaim police station, as GMC comes under its jurisdiction, highlighting the problem.The GMC's forensic medicine department issued two memos on May 19 and 22, 2012 in quick succession, urging the police to lift the bodies exigently. \"This is a recurring issue and memos are dispatched frequently,\" a source said.\"We have informed the police that there is no more vacant space at the morgue,\" Dr Sylvano D Sapeco, head and professor of forensic medicine department, GMC said.Though the capacity of the mortuary is just 62, the pressure on space in the mortuary keeps rising every time for preserving bodies, including a sizeable number of unidentified bodies and those recovered in accidents and murder cases.In addition, the flow of bodies from the GMC's hospital and requests from civil society for interim preservation of bodies till the funeral, keeps on growing, sources said.At present, more than 40 unclaimed bodies are being preserved at the Bambolim morgue. While the Russian woman's body is lying here since March 29, 2010 and an unidentified male under Calangute police jurisdiction since December 2010, a few have been lying in the morgue since 2011. But a large number of bodies are being preserved since January this year.The Margao town police station has the maximum number of seven unidentified bodies, out of the total of 23 unidentified ones, being preserved in the morgue since February 4, 2012 . The last one was brought in on May 21, 2012.All the unidentified bodies, barring one female brought in by Ponda police, are of males. The Agasaim police have stored the right lower limb of one Kalpana from March 29, 2012 while the Anjuna police sent unidentified bones in January 2012.Authorities are waiting expectantly for the addition of more compartments, as the work is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13444323", "title": "Bruce Willis trying to make Die Hard sequel", "text": "Bruce Willis is determined to return to the 'Die Hard' for a fifth installment because he is \"still trying\" to make a sequel as good as the original film.The 57-year-old actor kickstarted his career as a big-screen action man playing New York cop John McClane in the 1988 blockbuster, which spawned three follow-ups.Willis has signed up for a fifth outing, and he wants to make the movie better than ever.\"I'm still trying to do as good a film as the first one. I like playing that character,\" the Daily Star quoted him as telling the BBC.\"There'll come a time when I won't be able to do it anymore but while I still can, and I can still run and fall down, roll, run down the street, crash things, it's still fun to do,\" he said.He also said that he enjoys his stunt work on films, adding: \"I still get a big kick out of it. I have a fun job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13444339", "title": "I wish the finals were at Eden: Laxmi Ratan Shukla", "text": "KOLKATA: Laxmi Ratan Shukla , whose 24 runs out of 11 balls led Team Kolkata to victory, talks about IPL controversies and the big game ahead on Sunday.This is the first time in five years that Team Kolkata has made it to the finals. Aren't you over the moon?You bet, I am. It's an amazing feeling. After slogging for all these years, we have made it to the finals.You've been dropped on and off. Was Tuesday's 24 runs out of 11 balls a fitting reply to that?Everyone knows my standard as a cricketer. Since my team is on a winning spree right now, it doesn't make sense talking about all this. Grievances don't really help. It gets you nothing at the end of the day and I feel it's futile to hold a grudge.Word has it that you were keen on joining Sourav Ganguly in Team Pune but you weren't let off...I was in talks with Team Pune, but somehow things didn't work out. That's about it. There's nothing more to it in case you are looking for some controversy (laughs).But there has been no dearth of controversies this season. From drugs to spot fixing, molestation to SRK being banned from Wankhede...There are some people who get a kick out of creating such controversies. The hype that the incidents got, makes me feel that society today is ruled by consumerism.Are you trying to defend your fellow cricketers?Not at all. See nothing has been proved till now. For the actions of a few people, you cannot really blame the entire system or simply ban the IPL. Cricketers always chill out after a match, but one must think and speak. If you are partying, do so responsibly.Will your family be present for the finals in Chennai?I am not too sure whether they will be able to make it. My wife and dad called me up right after the match. I wish my mom was also there to share this happiness.How are you gearing up for the final match?It's too early to get stressed about that. Right now, we have two more days of happiness, when there will be no practice and we can simply rest.Don't you wish that the finals were at Eden Gardens?Without a shadow of doubt. Eden is my personal favourite and I love to play there. It's my mother, father everything. And I will also want to thank all our fans for supporting us through the hard times for the last four years. But well, I can't really help it. So Chennai be it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13427682", "title": "Haryana IAS officer under judicial scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A senior Haryana bureaucrat's role in alleged bungling of state funds has come under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Wednesday put the officer as well as the state government on notice.Notice has been issued to Balbir Singh Malik by a division bench of the HC comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh while taking suo motu cognizance of a complaint received against him. The complaint received from one Bhagwan Dass of Jind district alleged that hundreds of crore were embezzled by Malik by awarding very high compensation for land acquired for developing sectors 21 and 22 in Sirsa. At that time, Malik was commissioner of Hisar range. The complainant has sought directions to probe the matter from some independent agency like CBI. Now the case would come up for further hearing on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422051", "title": "Fire safety violations galore at high-rises", "text": "VADODARA: Tuesday's fire at the Racecourse Towers is an eye-opener both for those at the helm of maintenance of high-rise buildings as well as for fire services in the city. The situation on fire safety in the high rises needs some desperate attention and even strict steps.Statistics regarding fire safety norms in the buildings in Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) areas reveal that a most buildings have not renewed their no-objection certificates (NOC) granted by the civic body. There are others who have no fire safety arrangements at all and have not done so even after VMC cracked the whip on them and issued notices.The city, according to official figures, has 352 high-rise buildings that are over 15 metre in height. Of these, only 135 have renewed their NOCs while 206 have not done so, many of them for several years now. There are 11 other buildings that have no fire safety measures at all.While the VMC Fire and Emergency Services (VFES) department issues notices periodically, the apathy over following the norms still prevails. \"People occupying such buildings also need to understand the risks involved to their property and life and cooperate,\" said VFES chief officer (fire) H J Tapariya.Tapariya added that in some cases the civic body had taken the extreme step of severing drainage and water connections earlier. \"But they seem to circumvent these by drawing water through tube wells and rejoining the sewage connections illegally,\" he said.At the end of the civic body, however, there seems to be a lack of will to crack the whip on such buildings. While the fire department issues notices and suggests actions, it is the responsibility of other departments like town-planning or ward offices to take necessary action. There is also lack of follow-up on the notices issued to such buildings.Tapariya said that it was also not enough to have fire safety equipment in place. \"Some preventive steps like using good quality wiring and sensitizing users of the building on how to act in an emergency situation have to be taken by those who make or manage the buildings too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424955", "title": "Cop's daughter kidnapped, no ransom call yet", "text": "KOLKATA: The daughter of an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) of police was allegedly abducted from Icchapore's Noapara locality in North 24-Parganas on Tuesday. Police are trying to trace the 18-year-old girl. The family has, however, not yet received any ransom call.The girl, daughter of a Bidhannagar traffic police ASI, left home on Tuesday for a computer training centre at Barrackpore. Her mother said that she normally returned home by 3pm.When she did not return till the evening, her parents called the girl on her mobile phone but it went unanswered. Later, her parents found that her phone was switched off. They then filed a missing diary at Noapara police station.Soon after, the girl called her father on his mobile phone to say that she had been picked up by some people and locked up in a house.The girl's parents then lodged a complaint of kidnapping at the police station.Locals said there has been a rift between the ASI's family and his relatives over some property issue. Locals said there have been some rifts in the family surrounding a property dispute between them and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425696", "title": "Change in uniform won't clear traffic mess, Citizens say", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government decision to do away with the blue uniform of traffic policemen has failed to evoke any positive response from citizens, with most of them terming it as \"irrelevant\". Instead, people say, the government should focus on bigger issues like traffic snarls and their cause which need immediate attention.\"Will the change of uniform make them (cops) more efficient?\" asked Rohit Sharma , an entrepreneur. There has been no end to traffic travails for Lucknowites. Even a random effort to find out people's response on traffic chaos irks hem. \"What has the decision on uniform got to do with the condition on the roads,\" said Manju Agrawal, a teacher, who takes a bus daily to reach her school. \"I get stuck in traffic jams everyday and the situation is worsening. There is no let up in the traffic chaos,\" she said.Residents say traffic policemen do not do much apart from a cosmetic presence on the roads. The crossings like Charbagh, Hussainganj or Nishatganj remain chaotic without much effort from the traffic cops to ease congestion. \"If one really wants to see how efficient are the cops or how smooth is the traffic, one should visit Aminabad. Cops can be seen cooling their heels while pedestrians, bikers and rickshaw-pullers jostle their way out of the jam,\" said Om Prakash Sharma, a resident of Rajajipuram.In contrast, VIP crossings like Hazratganj appear more organised and have the presence of at least 12 to 13 cops at a given time. But some face snarls there as well. \"We take several minutes to cross it, blame it on the flow of traffic, and the chaos at GPO, where people come in from all sides, and with absolutely none watching,\" said social worker Ranjana Yadav.The modern paraphernalia installed at various crossing for smooth traffic flow often remain dysfunctional. Hazratganj is the only crossing where traffic lights function. A camera installed at Hazratganj to keep a check on the vehicles breaking traffic norms often develops snag.\"The most bizarre thing is that despite traffic lights installed at crossings, traffic cops still direct the movement of traffic,\" said Surendra Singh, a resident of Chowk. One reason for this is that the traffic lights not functional across at many crossings of the city. \"But, instead of getting proper traffic lights and removing encroachments on busy thoroughfares, the state government is indulging in cosmetic and symbolic exercises,\" he added.Times ViewAt a time when the state government should go full throttle to streamline the messy traffic in the city, it is resorting to symbolic gestures like changing the colour of cops' uniform. The decision may not have any political hue - as claimed by the SP government - but it certainly also has no role in improving traffic conditions. The government should rather focus on fundamental steps like making traffic lights functional, removing encroachment from the roadsides, running an efficient public transport system and introducing services like radio taxi cab which will lessen the burden of private vehicles on city roads. These concrete steps, and not the colour of cops' uniform, will make the traffic on city roads smoother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13429233", "title": "Accidents leave 15 dead in Sabarkantha", "text": "PALANPUR: As many as 15 people, including a woman and a child, were killed and 11 others injured in two separate road mishaps in Sabarkantha district on Wednesday.On Meghraj-Malpur Road, eight persons died on the spot when their tempo collided head-on with a truck near Pruthvipura village. Three persons succumbed in Himmatnagar Civil Hospital. The deceased were yet to be identified.According to Sabarkantha superintendent of police Chirag Koradia, the accident took place at a turning. \"Six ambulances were pressed into service to carry the victims to hospital. Private doctors and some voluntary organizations also came to the rescue,\" he said.All the victims were natives of Simalvad village in Dungarpur district of Rajasthan and were going to Ahmedabad to work as masons in Naroda area. Their identity is yet to be establishedIn the second accident, four people were killed and four others injured when a car overturned near Anandpura Kampa village on Modasa-Malpur Road early in the morning. According to police, a group of youngsters were returning home from Lunawada after winning a cricket match when their Tavera car turned turtle.Three died on the spot while one breathed his last on the way to hospital in Ahmedabad.The deceased were identified as Dipesh Patel (26), Dinesh Jodda (34), Bhavin Patel (24) and Alpesh Patel (24). Four others who sustained injuries were rushed to Himmatnagar civil hospital. The driver, however, fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13422484", "title": "Media workshop concludes", "text": "RANCHI: Decentralisation is the need of the hour but what are the limitations in its implementation and how the media can be roped in this whole process to create an awareness among the common masses were some of the areas where speakers delved in the two-day programme.The workshop called \"Media capacity building workshop\" was organized by the Centre and UN joint programme on convergence concluded here on Monday here.T R Raghunandan, former IAS officer of Karnataka cadre talked about the faults in the decentralized planning process and the reality where the concept is facing problems at implementation level.\"Decentralized planning is a constant battle inside. At times there is wrong publicity given to Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRI's) and there is conspiracy of silence regarding good PRI work. Its here where the media can be an effective mirror in creating awareness.\"Adding further to the problem area he said, \"Most funds are tied to programmes with rigid conditions with little scope for inclusion of local issues. The priorities in budget allocation are like wish lists as most plans are just put together hurriedly.Decentralization is a bad political strategy, the evidence is Madhya Pradesh where Digvijay Singh tried to implement and it it turned to be a big failure for him. The Jharkhand state has Jharkhand Panchayati Raj Act 2001.The need here is just to build the foundation.\"As far as foundation is concerned the vision will need assessment of social inclusion. \"Local priorities and perspectives should be included in various socio economic schemes and annual schemes,\" said Sundar N Mishra, decentralization expert at joint UN planning commission project.Professor Ramesh Sharan from Ranchi University, who is also, an economist, said \"There is problem of institutional overcrowding but we need changes like in money lending and excise. A struggle is needed for our rights. There are many laws but the need is to implement them properly.\"Reiterating the demand of people's involvement Vipul Mudgal, director of inclusive media project said \"Its time that we move to participative governance where people are involved equally in the planning process. People should have some mechanism to intervene in the wrong doings and decentralization is one of those mechanisms with tools like public hearing and social audit.\"ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13420503", "title": "Petrol price hike: Cong in a bind, braces for political cost", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress shuffled between distancing itself from the decision to raise petrol prices to blaming the global economic situation, as it struggled to come to terms with the political cost of the unpopular decision on Wednesday.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said, \"Petroleum prices are deregulated. These companies decide their own price. Government does not intervene in these matters. Global prices has gone up.\" However, he was quick to add, \"Rupee has gone down in comparison to dollar. These are difficult times. We are also affected by the global situation.\"The big hike, dubbed by many as 'petrol bomb', left the party wondering about its political implications with the middle classes in the wake of the negativity over corruption cases and the dampener of recent election defeats. Congress leaders said the opposition parties would relish the situation to pile pressure on the Centre over \"mismanagement of economy under the economist PM\". With elections coming in key states, it would put Congress on the defensive.Partymen have been apprehensive for a while about how the fuel price hike would play out in the political domain even as they acknowledge the economic compulsions of global economic downturn. The biggest fear revolved around diesel prices, after the finance minister recently hinted at deregulation. MPs were worried that the step would sound the virtual death knell for the party since diesel would take the anger over fuel hike to the farthest of villages.The petrol price hike is feared largely for its impact on overall inflation, the worst being food prices. The failure to clamp down on prices of essential items have been the bugbear of UPA-2 and the big fuel hike can only make the situation worse. It was no surprise that Kerala PCC chief Ramesh Chennithala demanded a rollback.The anger turned bitter over the absence of any of the ministers from petroleum ministry to defend the government, clearly showing that nobody was willing to buffer the party. While petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy was abroad on an official trip, minister of state R P N Singh too was conspicuous by his absence.Given the economic situation, there was little optimism that the situation could improve in the near future, showing that the misery was going to persist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chengalpet", "code": "13427022", "title": "Modern bus terminus opened in Chengalpet", "text": "CHENGALPET: Every morning, 22-year-old S Vasanthi, used to wait for a bus in the open on the main road in Chengalpet town to go to her engineering college in Tambaram. She and hundreds of other commuters reportedly faced various other problems while waiting in the open. Their woes seem to have come to an end.On Wednesday, a bus terminus where they can wait in comfort was inaugurated by D Murugesan, MLA from the town. \"For those who have waited for a bus in the open daily, this place is like heaven,\" said Vasanthi.Many others shared her joy saying they no longer needed to get scared of being hit by a vehicle.. \"In a town like Chengalpet where many government offices, including district court, municipality, government schools for higher levels and government general hospital, are located, the terminus is a vital link for residents from more than 100 surrounding villages who come here regulalrly,\" said Chengalpet municipality commissioner S Suburaj.Spread over three acres, the terminus was constructed at an estimated Rs 87 lakh under the Operation and Maintenance Gap Filling fund of the state government for 2011. With concrete platforms and floors, the terminus can accommodate around 30 buses and more than 8,000 commuters. It has a couple of waiting rooms, each with a capacity of 40 people. Adequate illumination has also been provided. Other amenities include water taps, toilets, a cloak room, time keepers and electronic timing displays and a restaurant.At present, around 50 buses of the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) and 110 buses of the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (Villupuram division) are operated from the town. Buses are available to different places in the state and beyond, including Bangalore, Dindivanam, Mamallapuram, Kancheepuram and Vellore. \"The new terminus also ensures safety of buses as it provides proper slots where they can be parked at the end of their daily schedule,\" branch manager S Mathivanan, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13423581", "title": "Professionals to scan job scheme in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Two professionals namely Arvind Lakra and Akshay Kashayyap have joined the Palamu administration here as the Prime Minister Rural Development Fellows.Deputy commissioner of Palamu Pooja Singhal said on Wednesday that the Centre had sent the professionals to 11 districts of Jharkhand , including Palamu, in the first phase where the central government's Integrated Action Plan ( IAP) has been launched.The two fellows are undergoing a month's orientation course here.On May 22, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh held a video conferencing seeking information about the fellows from the districts.Singhal said primarily the two professionals were to assist the administration in the rural development scenario by giving fresh impetus, input, monitoring etc. \"They will also be lending valuable assistance in making annual action plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13423243", "title": "Lawyer's missing daughter returns", "text": "PATNA: The missing teenaged daughter of a high court advocate here surfaced at the Naya Bhojpur police outpost at Dumraon in Buxar district on Wednesday morning. She carried still photographs and video recording of her marriage with the same boy who was charged by her father with abducting her from her residence at Anandpuri locality in the state capital. She was later brought to Patna by a police team.The girl, Shubhra Shubham, 18, told TOI here, \"I was not abducted. In fact, I had left home with Sunil on April 24 around noon. My mother was busy in kitchen and I left the house without any second thought.\" Both Shubhra and Sunil have appeared at the CBSE Plus Two examination.The two had met at a coaching centre around six months back. Sunil used to nag her in the initial days but later she got along with him very well. Talking about the FIR lodged by her father, Ajit Singh , with the SK Puri police station, she said, \"I misled my father because of his objection to our relationship. But as both of us are adults, I thought marriage was the only way to save our relation.\"According to Shubhra, they travelled for most of the time in the last 29 days. First, they went to Pune and then to Balia in Uttar Pradesh, where they got married. They ensured video recording of their marriage and also got still photographs of the ceremony as proof of their marriage. Money for their travel was arranged by Sunil, said Shubhra.She said that both of them didn't use their mobile phones even once during their elopement. \"We planned to return to Patna but came to know about the police pressure on Sunil's family after the FIR lodged by my father. Sunil dropped me at Naya Bhojpur police outpost and left. We will not be in touch until I get a court order declaring Sunil as my husband and saying that he would not be arrested,\" she said.SSP Patna Amrit Raj said, \"The girl will be presented before a Patna court on Thursday. A police team had gone to Dumraon to bring the girl back to Patna.\"Ajit Singh, father of Shubhra, had lodged a missing case on April 24, followed by an FIR on April 25 alleging that Sunil Kumar had abducted his daughter. On the basis of the FIR, an uncle of Sunil was arrested from Patna.Later, acting on a Habeas Corpus petition filed by Ajit Singh, Patna high court chief justice Rekha M. Doshit had issued a directive to the Patna police and the DGP to ensure quick recovery of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13418702", "title": "Sunil Narine enjoying every moment of success in IPL 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: From the time West Indies spinner Sunil Narine arrived to play in IPL 5, the Kolkata team management has taken care to ensure that the 'special one' feels at home. The dynamic spinner with an unusual bowling action has repaid the team's faith with a superlative performance.Narine has taken 24 wickets in 14 matches so far, a rare feat in this T20 format - he has got a wicket on every 14th ball - and seems to be having a great time.\"I am feeling at home and like this country a lot. There are a lot of similarities between the West Indies and India and biggest of them all is cricket. I am enjoying every moment of it,\" Narine told TOI on Wednesday.Playing in a tournament like IPL in Indian summer is physically challenging, but for Narine it's not a problem. \"It's a difficult format and pretty hard on the bowlers where the batsmen are always trying to hit you out of the park. But you have to be mentally tough and plan your strategy well,\" he said.The unorthodox spinner is excited about the way the ball is coming out of his hand and also the fact that Kolkata have made it to the final for the first time.\"It really feels great to be a part of a team which wants to win each and every game. It makes you competitive. It really doesn't matter how big or small your contribution is. All that matters is doing your best for the team in the middle. We deserve to be in the final and hope to continue the good work,\" Narine said.Narine will turn 24 on Saturday, a day before the final, and no prizes for guessing what he wants for his birthday gift.\"We are only one match away from winning the tournament and I am confident that the team will play out of its skin,\" he said. Who does he think will Kolkata face in the final? \"Can't say really... All teams in the playoffs are capable of winning and reaching the final. We are ready to take on any opposition,\" he said.When asked about bowling two distinct kinds of deliveries - leg-break and off-spinner - with the same action release and follow-through, Narine said: \"I was 18 or 19 when I started bowling like this. I'm still working on it.\"Isn't he worried that his bowling will be sorted out soon?\"I don't know... but amongst all the batsmen I have bowled against, Rohit Sharma has played me the best,\" he admitted.A spinner calling the shots in death overs is unheard of in T20 and Narine is the only slow bowler to do so in IPL with almost 100 per cent success rate.\"I am used to bowling in the death overs and I am thankful to the Kolkata team management for showing confidence in my ability. I hope to do the same in the last match of the tournament,\" he said while refusing to share his recipe for success which has made him such a dangerous customer.His ultimate dream is to prove his worth for the West Indies national team, but Narine refused to comment on why he is not playing for the West Indies in the ongoing Test series against England.\"No comments,\" he said but added: \"The West Indies team is improving and we have the talent to play consistently at the highest level. My dream is to do well in all formats... both T20 and Test cricket will co-exist no matter what!\"BEST OF NARINE4-0-16-5 vs Team Punjab, Kolkata: The effort restricted Team Punjab to 134.3.1.-0-15-4 vs Team Mumbai, Mumbai: Kolkata defended a modest 140 with ease against a powerhouse batting line-up. Dismissed Tendulkar with a beauty.4-0-14-2 vs Team Chennai, Chennai: The effort saw Kolkata almost defend 158. Chennai won off the last ball.4-0-23-2 vs Delhi, Delhi: Restricted Delhi to a modest 153 which was no problem for Kolkata.4-0-24-2 vs Delhi, Pune: Got the momentum back for Kolkata when Mahela and Ojha were blazing away towards the target of 163 to help Kolkata get into the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "balasore, odisha", "code": "13441481", "title": "Surface-to-air Akash missile test fired successfully", "text": "BALASORE, ODISHA: Boosting its air defence shield and revalidating operational efficacy, India today test fired successfully its indigenously-developed surface-to- air Akash missile from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur, about 15 km from here.\"The user-specific trial, which formed part of the country's routine air defence exercises, was successful,\" said a Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) official associated with the Akash missile project.To revalidate the technology and operational efficacy of the missile, defence forces conducted the trial with logistic support provided by the ITR, the official said. The Akash weapon system was inducted into the armed forces in 2008.The missile, which has a strike range of 25 km with a warhead of 60 kgs, was test fired from a mobile launcher from launch complex-III of the ITR at about 1108 hours, defence sources said.\"During the trial, the missile was aimed at intercepting a floating object supported by a pilotless target aircraft, flown from launch complex-II, at a definite altitude over the sea,\" the sources said.Akash, an anti-aircraft defence system, can simultaneously engage several targets with Rajendra radar developed by the Electronics and Radar Development Establishment (LRDE), a DRDO laboratory in Bangalore.Rajendra does the surveillance, tracks the target, acquires it and guides the missile towards it.The development of Akash missile took place during 1990s under the country?s Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme (IGMDP) and after many trials, it was inducted into the armed forces.An air-force version of the Akash missile has also been developed by the DRDO.Rajendra is a 'passive phased array radar'. It is a multifunction radar, capable of tracking as many as 64 targets and controlling up to 12 missiles simultaneously.Defence experts have compared Akash missile system with the American MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile system.They claim that similar to the MIM-104, the Akash is capable of neutralising aerial targets such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), fighter jets, cruise missiles and air-to-surface missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13423558", "title": "Dus Ka Dum: 10 varieties of mango on a single tree", "text": "SURAT: How many varieties of mangoes can one grow on a single tree? One, two, three or five?A progressive mango farmer Sanjay Nayak has grown 10 different varieties of mango on a single tree, breaking his own record of growing five varieties on a tree last year.A Sardar Patel award winner, Nayak owns an orchard of 1,200 mango trees in Gandeva village of Navsari's Gandevi taluka. He has gained immense popularity not only among the farmers and horticulturists in Gujarat, but across the mango growing regions of the country, for achieving the feat of growing 10 varieties of mangoes. Rajapuri, Totapuri, Langdo, Dushheri, Nelphanso, Vanlaxmi, Sabja, Ratna, Amrapali and Alphonso have grown on a 50-year-old tree.For commoners, it is amazing to see mangoes of different shapes, sizes and colour hanging on different branches of a single tree. Hordes of villagers and mango-lovers from across the state are flocking to his farm to witness this unique phenomenon.Talking to TOI, Nayak said \"The mangoes are grown on a single tree through the branch grafting method. After last season, I carefully grafted the healthy branches of different mango varieties on a single tree and took care of it. As this tree is 50-year-old and healthy, I got the desired results.\"Last year, Nayak grew five varieties of mangoes namely Nelphanso, Vanlaxmi, Kesar, Ratna and Sabja on a 15-year-old tree. However, the yield was not high as it was a very young tree. He experimented with a bigger tree this year to get desired results.According to Nayak, all these varieties grow between April and June end. This year, these mangoes were exclusively reserved for his family consumption. The tree on the first year with 10 grafts gave a yield of nearly 75 kilograms, which is likely to go up in coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13418667", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority fails to resolve Ring Road project deadlock", "text": "JAIPUR: The deadlock over the Ring Road project continues as talks between the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and Ring Road Sangrash Samiti failed once again on Wednesday with the farmers not pleased with the proposal presented in the meeting by the officials.JDA officials in the meeting presented a proposal saying after developing roads and facility area in the development corridor, approximately 57 hectares of land will be left with the authority so that it can be auctioned to earn profit. However, the Samiti denied the fact and claimed that according to their calculations around 300 hectares of land will be left with JDA.Ring Road Sangrash Samiti member Badri Prasad said, \"We have the map of 47-km ring road to study the plotting system as the officials are misguiding the farmers with figures. The officials have shown consent to it and map will be presented in the next meeting.\"The farmers also alleged that the calculation presented by the officials this time differs from the previous ones. \"Earlier, the JDA has claimed it will spend around Rs 2,275 crore to construct the development corridor and the amount of profit earned from sale of the acquired land will be around Rs 1,500 crore and the authority has to bear nearly Rs 700 crore. However, this time JDA is claiming that it will bear a loss of Rs 1,500 crore.\" said Virendra Katewa, secretary, Ring Road Sangrash Samiti.Under the project, JDA has proposed a 90-metre wide transport corridor and 135-wide development corridors on both sides. The idea has, however, not gone down well with farmers who are demanding market price compensation for the 90-metre stretch and return of excess land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13420957", "title": "Illegal mining in Tiroda tehsil", "text": "GONDIA: Politically-connected metal smugglers are keeping government officials at bay in Tiroda tehsil. There is a spate of illegal mining surrounding Adani plant, particularly in Chandori, Kawalewada villages etc. At present, illegal mining is going on under the bridge of 'Chhota nala' (nullah) between Tiroda and Birsi.As per rules, those who have received mining permission are allowed to collect loose sand of any stream from sunrise to sunset. But here, metal extraction with the help of earth excavation machines is going on around the clock, more so in the night because of tremendous heat during the day.Asked about it, Tiroda tehsildar SD Chandawar said, \"Basically we are short of staff. Since this mafia is politically strong and criminal in nature, we are afraid that they will attack us if we stop their activity. Therefore, no one dares to stop them from doing these activities in the nights.\"Some contractors have gone a step ahead and are stockpiling the excavated earth which might be required in the rainy season. In rainy season, vehicles cannot go down under the bridge. So, the contractors are accumulating this metal by the roadsides so that they can pick it up conveniently in the rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13438256", "title": "Cashing on change", "text": "KOLKATA: Students now have the option to use rupees as a payment choice for the TOEFL iBT\u00ae test. The new payment choice is available to test takers by selecting the credit card option through the TOEFL\u00ae online registration system. The Euro, Yen and Won are also now accepted as payment through the online registration system.For many Indian students, this has the potential for cost-savings as payment is no longer limited to dollars. Indian TOEFL test takers paying in rupees will no longer incur currency exchange fees charged by most debit and credit card companies.\"This enhancement to the TOEFL registration process was based on feedback from test takers and illustrates another step ETS has taken to make the testing experience more convenient and efficient for students throughout India,\" said David Hunt , vice president and chief operating officer of ETS's Global Division. \"And is part of a wider goal to accept other local currencies around the world to increase the access for students,\" he added.In November, ETS announced yet another welcome change for test takers by condensing the testing format of the reading section to a maximum of four reading passages. The reading section is no longer divided into separately timed parts, rather all passages and questions are made available in a single block of time allowing test takers to pace themselves throughout the entire reading section.This change in the format of the TOEFL test highlights another example of how the testing process is becoming more user-friendly, allowing individuals more flexibility by being able to skip questions, go back to review and change responses, or respond to questions they may have skipped.More information regarding the TOEFL test is available at www.TOEFLGoAnywhere.org and www.ets.org/toeflCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13416810", "title": "Appear before CBI tomorrow, HC tells Jaganmohan Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 24-hour suspense has set in over the possible arrest of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy with the Andhra Pradesh high court making it clear on Wednesday that he should comply with the CBI directive and appear before the investigating agency on May 25 in the assets case. Further, justice B Chandra Kumar directed the CBI to ensure that apart from being fair in its approach, it should comply with Section 41 of the CrPC, which states that a police officer can arrest a person without an order from a magistrate and without a warrant.In a day of swift developments, the CBI served notice on Jagan, who was campaigning for the bypolls in Guntur district, asking him to appear before the agency in the assets case on May 25. Sources said a CBI inspector went to the residence of a YSR Congress activist in Rentachintala in Guntur where Jagan stayed overnight, and served the notice around 6am on Wednesday. Jagan did not meet the inspector but accepted the notice and returned the acknowledgment through an aide.A few hours later, Jagan's counsel met the CBI authorities in Hyderabad and sought time till June 15 to respond to the CBI notice on the plea that the YSR Congress chief was pre-occupied with the bypolls. However, the CBI officials refused to entertain Jagan's request following which he moved a motion in the high court seeking the same relief.When the matter came up for hearing, Jagan's counsel Susheel Kumar told justice Chandra Kumar that the timing of the CBI's notice was irrational. \"The CBI has been probing the matter for the last eight and half months and filed three chargesheets but not called my client even once. At this juncture, bypolls are being held for 18 assembly segments on June 12 and as party chief, it is his responsibility to campaign for his candidates,\" Jagan's counsel said, seeking exemption for Jagan from appearing before the CBI till June 15.Opposing this, the CBI counsel told the court that the probe agency wants to confront Jagan on the Vanpic deal in the presence of industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad and bureaucrat KV Brahmananda Reddy, both of whom are accused in the Jagan assets case and are in CBI custody right now. \"Their custody will end on May 27 and, hence, we have summoned Jagan on May 25,\" the CBI counsel said.The judge upheld the CBI contention and refused to interfere in the ongoing investigation process. The CBI should comply with Section 41 of the CrPC, justice Chandra Kumar said. In response, S Sriram, another counsel for Jagan, expressed an apprehension before the court that the CBI may either retain his client or may resummon him, both of which will deprive him of his right to campaign in the bypolls. At this, the judge observed: \"The CBI is bound to be fair in its approach. You may come back to us and move a house motion if you are aggrieved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13420492", "title": "Fear and tension rules Gadchiroli before Friday's MLC election", "text": "NAGPUR: The fear factor among the elected representative of the local civic bodies is likely to make the imminent election to the Legislative Council on Friday a tense affair in Gadchiroli district which is in the throes of an unprecedented Naxal violence.It is not yet clear at this moment how much response the election to the upper house is likely to get in the Naxal-affected district with the rebels already on a threatening spree against the elected representatives over the polling.The district is learnt to have three centres - Wadsa Desaiganj, Aheri and Gadchiroli - where the election is going to be held with Congress's Rahul Pugliya and BJP-Sena backed Yuvashakti Sangathana's Mitesh Bangadiya in the fray.Though police sources claimed that adequate precautions have already been taken, district sources from Aheri said that several Zilla Parishad members have received Naxal threat against participating in the polling. It's also learnt that the Naxals have warned some of the ZP and Nagar Parishad members against voting for money. \"They can offer you cash, bring it to us,' was apparently what a ZP member was told by the Naxals.With the rebels' targeting the ZP and Panchayat Samiti members across the district, it is unlikely that the elected representatives would ignore the Naxal diktat. Apart from kidnapping and murdering elected representatives, the Naxals have also thrashed a number of civic body members.Following the Naxal threat, several ZP and Panchayat Samiti members and local political leaders have vacated their posts and stopped visiting their offices in Bhamragarh and Etapalli. It has also come to fore that several local political leaders at Bhamragarh and Etapalli had shifted elsewhere. At Aheri too, some of the local prominent leaders are learnt to have kept themselves confined to their houses.District sources also claimed that Mehtarsingh Usendi, former vice-president of Dhanora Panchayat Samiti, is still not traceable. The Naxals had abducted him, along with two other village headmen from Murumgaon last Saturday. While the Naxals had released the village headmen, there is no information about Usendi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13424384", "title": "Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University reschedules exam after paper leakage", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (Bamu) cancelled the third semester mathematics paper of second year engineering exams, as the question paper was leaked on Tuesday. The examination was to take place in 16 centres across four districts of Marathwada on Wednesday.Vice-chancellor Vijay Pandharipande has instituted a three-member inquiry committee which would submit a report within a week.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Pandharipande announced June 19 as the new date for the exam.The vice-chancellor said it would be unwise to put the blame on anyone immediately. \"I am disturbed by the development. It has caused a waste of time and energy of students who genuinely prepared for the examination,'' said Pandhripande.Controller of examination Ashok Chavan said a total of 7,426 repeater candidates belonging to 21 engineering colleges were to appear for the examination in four districts - Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed and Osmanabad. \"The examination was to be conducted between 10am and 1pm. After the students' wing of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) led by Gautam Amrao brought it to our notice, we contacted the exam centre heads to check whether the seals of the question papers were intact or not. They were found intact,'' Chavan said.Chavan admitted that the leaked handwritten paper resembled the handwritten question paper set by M D Patil, a lecturer at the Terna Engineering College, Osmanabad, who is also the chairman of the engineering exam paper setters' committee. The leaked paper had a headline 'Pune classes' written in hand to create an impression that it was prepared by some private institution, he said.The three-member committee is headed by Ratnadeep Deshmukh, a member of the management council, while the other two members are Maqdum Farooqui, principal of Maulana Azad College, and S P Zambre, head of zoology department, Bamu.Pandhripande said he came to know about the paper leakage at 8am on Wednesday and immediately cancelled the exam. \"The university will file an FIR against whomsoever is involved in the leakage,\" he said, adding that the process of preparing the paper involves several stages and the inquiry committee will have to go into all details to fix responsibility.Referring to the recently held principals' meeting, he said, \"I have suggested the principals to explore the possibility of making a question bank with at least 20 papers for each subject.''Meanwhile, despite repeated attempts, M D Patil, chairman of the question paper setters' committee, could not be contacted. When contacted, college principal S M Jagde told TOI that he didn't know the exact details and that he, too, was trying to contact Patil, but his phone was out of reach.\"Meanwhile, Chavan on Wednesday evening lodged a complaint with the Begumpura police against unknown persons for leaking the question paper, and submitted the evidence that was available with the university authorities\", said Sanjay Shinde, Bamu public relations officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424114", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation trains guns on mangoes laced with toxins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Just watch out for those spurious mangoes that are treated with toxic calcium carbide (CaC2) for speedy ripening. In one of its preliminary drives in major fruit markets of the city, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has seized and destroyed 138 kilograms of mangoes which had traces of CaC2 powder in them. The AMC has also destroyed close to 30 liters of lose mango juice at various outlets.The maximum number of mangoes was destroyed in posh areas of Bodakdev, Jodhpur, Vejalpur and Sarkhej. The AMC will intensify the drive in the coming days.Paper packets filled with CaC2 and covered with green rubber coats are placed next to slightly green mangoes. CaC2 reacts with moisture in the air to release acetylene (or ethyne) gas. The gas ripens the fruit. \"CaC2 contains traces of arsenic and phosphorous hydride that cause several acute and chronic health problems. Arsenic poisoning leads to vomiting, diarrhoea, burning sensation in the chest and abdomen, numbness in limbs and low blood pressure,\" explained a senior AMC health official.Alarmed by the frequent use of CaC2, the Union health ministry passed strictures which ensure that vendors found ripening fruits with harmful chemicals are jailed for six months.The use of such chemicals is prohibited under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Rules, 1955. AMC food inspectors point out that in order to ensure safe transportation of fruits like mangoes and bananas, they are picked up before they ripen fully and are treated with chemicals later.Smashing mangoesThe areas in which mangoes were destroyed include Bodakdev (20 mangoes), Jodhpurgam (12 mangoes), Vejalpur (25 mangoes), Sarkhej (16 mangoes), Chandlodia (10mangoes), Ghatlodia (five mangoes) and Gota (five mangoes).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13423206", "title": "Petrol price hike: Mamata Banerjee \u2018hurt\u2019, but won\u2019t wield pullout axe", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee feels hurt and let down by the \"unilateral\" decision to hike petrol prices, but she won't carry out last year's threat to pull the plug on the UPA. She demanded a rollback on Wednesday but did not add the customary 'or else...'In November 2011, when the price of petrol was last hiked, the CM had threatened to pull out of the UPA if the PM dared hike petroleum prices again by keeping allies in the dark. But when the Centre announced the steepest hike in history on Wednesday, Mamata's reaction was surprisingly muted.\"I am shocked. We feel sorry and let down. I got to know of this hike from the media. Why are partners kept in the dark? Many important issues are not discussed before they are being implemented. This is becoming a regular affair. It's unfortunate. The government could have hinted at it while Parliament was in session. It hiked petrol price a day after the House was adjourned,\" Mamata said.Only a day ago, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav received a red carpet reception and a chair next to the PM and government leaders at the UPA's third anniversary dinner. On Wednesday, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal rubbished reports of a strain in Congress-Mamata ties. \"Mamataji is with us. She is fully with us,: he told reporters in New Delhi.A year in the government and hard-pressed by the state's financial troubles, Mamata, too, is unwilling to precipitate a crisis. \"We have been elected for five years. We are not going to pull out of the UPA and topple the government because it would add to the political instability and force another election and again lead to economic instability. We are committed to supporting the UPA for five years. But that does not mean we won't raise our voice. What has happened (the price hike) is unjust. It's a unilateral decision. We demand a rollback,\" Mamata said.The CM mentioned international crude oil price charts, and also made some comments on the devaluation of Indian currency to establish that \"something major was wrong with the economy\". Accusing the UPA government of mismanaging the country's finances, Mamata said: \"The government has failed to manage the economy. Otherwise why should it have to hike petrol prices when international crude prices have dropped from $125 a barrel in March to $108 today? I am not a student of economics. But I can realise that the hike will pinch the pockets of one and all. It will make matters worse for the common man overburdened with rising prices and inflation. It is unjust to go for such a steep price hike during this time.\"The economic uncertainty would have an adverse impact on the stock market, she feared. Feeling let down that she was \"not consulted\" before the hike, Mamata said she was upset by the lack of coordination between the UPA allies.The Manmohan Singh government had then hiked petrol prices by Rs 5 from Rs 68.01 a litre.Fuming over the UPA government's decision to hike petrol prices by Rs 7.88 a litre (for Kolkata), Mamata expressed shock and surprise over the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13440170", "title": "Senior advocate seeks formation of committee for making second amendment in Anand Marriage Act", "text": "AMRITSAR: Senior advocate HS Phoolka has urged the Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh to constitute a committee for making consensus in community whether they need any amendments in the Anand Marrige Act or altogether a new marriage Act for Sikhs is required. Phoolka told TOI on Thursday that he had written a letter to Jathedar of Akal Takht to this regard.He said he had urged Jathedar that the committee should invite suggestions from Sikh community whether any amendments including incorporation of divorce clause were required in the Anand Marriage Act or the community needed a new Act.\"Making amendment in the Anand Marriage Act wouldn't be a gigantic task for the community now as it is the right time for seeking second amendment in the Act,\" he said.Earlier on December 15, 2010, the Sikh clergy had demanded inclusion of provision of registration of marriage in the Bill which was included before it became an Act. He said many Sikh intellectuals had demanded incorporation divorce clauses in the Bill before it was tabled in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha.\"The Bill would have not passed if these clauses were added earlier but now second amendment could be done without any much problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13418642", "title": "Over 2.1 lakh e-applications submitted for 2,593 houses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) has received more than 2.1 lakh applications for 2,593 flats.For the fifth year running, the Mhada has received an enthusiastic response for the flats put up on sale throughout the city.On Wednesday, the last day for online submission, 64,349 forms were received for flats in Mira Road and 1,49,490 applications were submitted for in Sion, Powai, Charkop and Borivli. \"Approximately, 1.5 lakh forms have already been deposited in Axis Bank. We expect more applicants to come forward on Thursday, which is the last date for submission,\" said a senior Mhada official. Of the 2,593 flats, 1,726 are in Mira Road while 867 are in Sion, Kurla, Borivli and Charkop. A majority of the flats belong to the low-income group category and only 172 are for the high-income group.The lowest range of Mhada houses (200 sq ft) starts from Rs 15 lakh in Kurla and 19 lakh in Malad. Flats in the high-income group (700 sq ft) cost Rs 55 lakh in Powai and Rs 57 lakh in Borivli. Last year over 1.30 lakh applicants were vying for 4,034 Mhada apartments, while in 2010, 3.28 lakh people applied for 3,449 houses in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "last week, i had the distinct pleasure of having dr dinesh sharma, the author of \"barack obama in hawaii and indonesia", "code": "13440700", "title": "The making of Barack Obama as a global president", "text": "Last week, I had the distinct pleasure of having Dr Dinesh Sharma, the author of \"Barack Obama in Hawaii and Indonesia: Making of a Global President\", as a guest on my TV show.Through the course of the interview, we learned that the book looks at questions like \"How did a young, rookie Illinois senator, with a name derived from Swahili and Arabic, an African-American identity, and a bi-racial heritage, achieve the ultimate American dream: growing up to be the president? To millions of Americans, including many who voted for him, the landmark election of Barack Obama as the 44th president of the United States remains a revelation. Much has been written about President Obama's mastery of the internet, his victory for racial equality and his charisma. Yet, the exceptional qualities that distinguish President Barack Obama as a leader for our changing times-his multicultural roots and his international sensibilities-have been largely overlooked.\"President Barack Obama is born of a multicultural America at the cusp of the age of globalization,\" states Dr Dinesh Sharma, a PhD from Harvard University and a cultural psychologist. \"He is truly America's hybrid president, a man of many continents, races, cultures, and histories,\" says Dr Dinesh Sharma. In his new book, \"Barack Obama in Hawaii and Indonesia: The Making of a Global President (Praeger; September 30, 2011),\" Dr Sharma presents the first cultural biography of a trailblazing, transformational leader-not only the first Black president in America, but also the first multicultural head of state of any Western democracy. Drawing on extensive research in the fields of psychology, anthropology, education and on the ground interviews in Jakarta, Honolulu, New York City, Washington, DC, and Chicago, Dr Sharma reveals, in riveting detail, how President Obama's rare multicultural upbringing shaped his character and his worldview, preparing him to meet the challenges of leadership-from demographic changes at home to rising competition from Asia to the perceived threat of radical Islam-in the global 21st century. \"President Obama has charted a new course for America, backed heavily by his own biography,\" the author attests.Informed by newly gathered insights from people who knew Barack when he was known as Barry (including his half-Indonesian sister Maya Soetoro-Ng and his teachers in Jakarta, where he attended both Islamic Public and Catholic schools, as well as at the Punahou School in Honolulu), the book offers a chronological and psychosocial journey of Obama's development as a globally-minded individual and political leader. Chapters shed light on:* The legacy of his parents' short-lived marriage, with new insights into how his mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, a white anthropologist and humanitarian from Kansas, instilled young Barry with a sense of moral privilege as a black man and the steely determination to achieve greatness, including the impetus to be the first Black President.* The women who shaped President Obama: his mother, Ann; his grandmother, Madelyn; and his wife, Michelle. His mother's multicultural consciousness and progressive idealism, his grandmother's Midwestern pragmatism, and his wife's strength and understanding of the African-American experience all contributed to the making of President Obama. The Dunham women gave President Obama a head start in life, intellectually, socially, and emotionally, which Michelle Obama first recognized as presidential timber.* The impact of his early global education, until age 10 in Jakarta, where President Obama lived on the \"Islamic street\" with colorful characters in his house, including a gay cook, and came to see how different religions, particularly Islam and Christianity, could live side by side.* The truth behind allegations that President Obama is a Muslim. While living in the largest Islamic democracy, Indonesia, Obama did not convert to Islam or go through any rite of passage; neither was he adopted by his Indonesian, secular Muslim stepfather. However, in third grade, when he was nine years old, President Obama wrote an essay about his dream to be president one day and used to imitate the Indonesian President Suharto.* President Obama's apprenticeship in becoming a leader at the Punahou School. Sheltered from the negative stereotypes of Black men on the mainland, but still a minority in Hawaii, President Obama began to search for his own identity while learning to navigate different cultural worlds with ease. With its emphasis on community service and moral accountability, this elite preparatory school also planted the seeds for Obama's career in public service and opened his mind to the 'magical' power of words in moving people to political action.The circumstances surrounding the death of his long-lost father and the ensuing autobiography: \"Dreams from My Father\". Dr Sharma delves into President Obama's haunting dreams, where his father is in a jail and President Obama is trying to get him out. These dreams reverberate throughout his life story and political identity and make him, along with many other fatherless presidents from George Washington to Bill Clinton who raised themselves by their bootstraps, an American archetype.In the final chapters, the book delves into President Obama's transition to the mainland, the affirmation of his African-American identity in New York and Chicago, and his calling as a global leader. As Dr Sharma makes clear, President Obama's multicultural childhood and adolescence strongly influenced the formation of his character and values, his approach to global issues as president, and his vision for America.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13423560", "title": "Machinery worth Rs 49 lakh looted in Jolva GIDC", "text": "SURAT: Textile machinery worth Rs 49 lakh was stolen from a closed unit in Jolva GIDC late on Tuesday. A gang of around 15 to 17 people attacked the guard and carried out the loot after tying him up.The gang came to unit at around 12.45 am and attacked Mukesh Patel, the guard and caretaker of the unit. The attackers were aged between 30 years and 35 years and their faces were covered with pieces of cloth. They looted machinery, electric equipment and Patel's bike.The members were carrying sharp knives and other weapons. Patel surrendered immediately hence, the accused did not hurt him severely, police said.Police are trying to find out how the stolen goods were taken away by the gang. \"Patel was tied inside the unit so he is not aware if the gang had come in any vehicle or not. The accused must have come in some vehicle otherwise it is impossible to carry all these machinery,\" police said.The unit is in a closed condition since Diwali last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424076", "title": "71 new sub-divisional offices sanctioned", "text": "PUNE: The state government on Wednesday decided to set up 71 new sub-divisional offices of the revenue department in the state and create 396 posts that will together reduce the waiting period to get caste certificates as well as creamy and non-creamy layer certificates which are crucial during school and college admissions. The move is also expected to speed up the process involved in land acquisition.In the existing structure, there are three to four tehsils under one sub-divisional officer, resulting in work getting piled up. The state cabinet's decision of restructuring will put two tehsils under one sub-divisional officer and the simultaneous increase in staff strength will speed up the work.The government has decided to complete the formation of new sub-division offices by August 15, for which Rs 77 crore are allocated.A senior secretary in the revenue department in Mumbai told TOI, \"There are 163 land acquisition officers, some of whom would be transferred as sub-divisional officers (SDO). Both posts are equivalent to that of deputy collector; hence there will be no opposition to these transferees. An officer would have greater responsibility as SDO.\"An SDO has magisterial responsibility, besides taking care of land acquisition, revenue-related issues and occasional work such as elections. Another important work of the SDO is to keep a record of below poverty line people and conduct survey of such people from time to time. He/she also has to provide documents needed for passport.There are 112 sub-divisional offices at present. Cities like Mumbai, Pune, Thane, and Nagpur are growing rapidly, where people need a variety of documents. The government has already opened additional revenue offices in these areas, but other regions were suffering from staff shortage and heavy work load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13423576", "title": "Double invites upset Rajasthani community", "text": "SURAT: Two different invitation cards for the same function have created furore among the members of Rajasthani community in the city. The cards for the May 27 'Rajasthani Sammelan' have been received by a ward-level BJP president of south-west zone.The sammelan will be held in the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi as show of strength ahead of the assembly elections.While in one card, the names of all local BJP leaders are mentioned, in the second card some names are missing. Members of Rajasthani Samaj are quite upset with the development and say that this has brought discredit to them.Gujarat unit BJP vice-president Sushma Agarwal, who is also a former deputy mayor, said: \"This is really unfortunate. Some people with big political aspirations have tried to give a bad name to the community.\"Rajasthani community in the city is 3.5 lakh strong and has 1.6 lakh voters. Few of their leaders hold aspirations to become MLAs.Rajendra Sharda, who is on the committee overseeing the preparations for the meeting, said: \"We had decided to print the invitation cards with the names of all local BJP leaders. However, suddenly someone on the advice of his political godfathers omitted a few names.''The new cards did not have the names of state BJP vice-president Ajay Choksi, three MLAs - Kishore Wankawala, Kirit Patel and Nanu Vanani - former Rajya Sabha MP Pravin Naik, and three SMC office-bearers - deputy mayor, standing chairman and leader of the ruling party.Councillor Kishore Bindal, who is believed to be behind the second invitation card along with textile trader Tarachand Kasat, said: \"The issue has been sorted out and everything is fine now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13426201", "title": "Increasing number of private buses flouting laws in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Motor Vehicle Department on Wednesday took stringent action against two private buses for plying the city routes without proper permits. According to officials, the permits of these buses that conduct services in the Eroor-Vyttilla section were suspended by the regional transport authority for limiting the number of services, last week. RTA seized the buses during morning hours which were then taken to Thrikkakara police station.According to a MVD official, 110 buses were booked for trip violation, 48 were found plying without speed governors. \"Most buses booked for trip violation were used for private purposes,\" the official said. Even though MVD was regularly taking action against erring buses, it has not been effective as most owners and crew didn't seem bothered. \"Bus workers are mostly inexperienced, and have a tendency to violate rules. Since there is shortage of workers, bus owners don't seem bothered about what workers do,\" he said.Following the increasing number of offences, and complaints against buses, RTA suspended the permits of around 30 private buses. The board has also issued show-cause notices to 80 buses for skipping regular trips. Ernakulam RTO T J Thomas said the drive would be intensified. \"We are also looking into complaints about misbehaviour by workers. At a recent meeting called by the district collector, it was decided to take stern action against offenders,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Private Bus Operators Association, said police and MVD officials were taking action against buses unnecessarily. \"Even if we produce receipts from workshops indicating the date and the nature of maintenance works undertaken, these officials seldom accept those documents,\" said M B Sathyan, secretary, PBOA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13448081", "title": "Chris Brown asks fans to stop sending death threats", "text": "Chris Brown has asked fans to stop sending death threats to Sports Illustrated model Chrissy Teigen after she criticized the singer's lip-synced performance at Sunday night's Billboard Music Awards.Teigen, fiance of singer John Legend , sparked fury amongst Brown's fans, who call themselves \"Team Breezy,\" after she took a jab at the singer's lip-synced performance on Twitter, the New York Daily News reported.\"So excited to see Chris Brown! I love loud and surprising background fits of rage I can hear from the audience!\" she tweeted, before adding: \"Why sing when you can dance?\"Teigen's comments were enough to enrage Brown's passionate fan base, who flooded the model with a flurry of malicious expletive-laden and threatening tweets.\"I'm so disturbed. I am not picking on anyone or telling ANYONE to hate the dude,\" Teigen wrote.\"I've had comments ranging from \"kill yourself you stupid H-\" to \"gold digging c-t\" \"get a f---ing job\", etc. because I don't like him?\"\"Reallllly makes me sad that 99 percent of the most disturbing comments come from young girls.\"You guys are too young for this shit. too f---ing young. how you can even form these sentences at someone you don't know makes me so sad,\" she added.The magnitude of the messages reached an all-time high by Tuesday when Brown took to Twitter to urge his fans to stop the harassment.\"Team Breezy! Lets stop sending death threats!\" Brown wrote.\"I know y'all bout that life but it's the wrong message! Ur turning haters into victims!\"He added, \"And that only furthers their pointless existence!\"Legend also logged onto the social networking site to defend his fiance, writing: \"Personally, I don't think @chrissyteigen's existence is pointless. Nor anyone else who dares criticize a performance.\"\"Every artist has to be ok with the fact that some people won't like their work. All critics aren't 'haters'.\"\"And don't ever tell me to put my 'b---h on a leash',\" he added, referencing the messages he received from Brown's angry fans. \"She's a grown woman with her own mind and her own opinions and this is not 1950.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13428517", "title": "15% houses in Gujarat lying empty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: About 15% of total houses in Gujarat are empty. Leading the pack of cities with the most number of vacant houses are Ahmedabad and Surat with about three lakh units each - of the total Rs 1.75 crore houses across the state, over 24 lakh are lying unoccupied, according to census 2011. A large number of these units belong to investors, who buy houses and exit after booking profits.\"Usually, about 7% houses remain vacant in Indian cities. In Ahmedabad, a large number of empty houses are in chawls of eastern Ahmedabad, once home to most textile mills. These workers migrated elsewhere in search of livelihood after mills closed down in 1990s,\" says N K Patel, director , Real Estate Studies &amp; Management Academy ( RESMA). A large number of people migrated out of walled city following communal riots but haven't sold off their ancestral properties .Out of total 22 lakh houses in Ahmedabad, about over 12%, or 2.81 lakh units are vacant. Of these, about 2.31 lakh vacant houses fall within limits of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.But, it is Surat that tops the chart of empty homes in Gujarat, with 2.86 lakh units. Here, 88% of the unoccupied houses are within the city limits.State urban development minister Nitin Patel said, \"These houses were vacant because of the investors . Large number of houses are vacant because there was no demand in the market and these houses were technically with the builders. Also a large number of people invest in real investors to get good benefits .\"Industry sources say this is mainly due to the fact that Gujarat has been an investor-driven market. Many investors prefer paying the builders but not getting their properties registered to avoid registration charges .\"The figure also reflects such homes,\" says a developer . In 2011-12 , a total of 9.07 lakh residential units were sold in the state. In 2010-11 , 10.05 lakh property deals were registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13426874", "title": "Call detail eecord system delays BSNL bills", "text": "BANGALORE: Bharatiya Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL ) subscribers worried about not receiving their monthly phone bills, can relax. The telecom major has switched over to the Call Detail Record (CDR) system and that's why the bills could be delayed by about 20 days .With this change, the Bangalore Telecom District (BTD) is in sync with the nationally integrated CDR system which has meter-based billing for landlines . Bills, usually generated on the 7th and 14th of every month for wired lines (domestic ), are yet to be issued in May . \"Currently , scrutiny of new bills is being done internally.Once we finish that , we'll start issuing bills to subscribers,\" said Sujata Venkateswaran, Senior GM (finance ), BTD. Only STD /PCO bills have been dispatched .\"For subscribers' convenience , BSNL will issue a mock bill and a letter signed by the Principal GM explaining the shift. These two documents will accompany the actual bill. \"The mock bill will explain the features of the new format ,\" said Shubhendu Ghosh, Principal GM, BTD.Subscribers will get 21 days (from date of issue) to pay their bills, followed by another 15 days grace time to clear dues, as is done normally.Billing may be impacted next month too, as BSNL will start issuing the current month's bills only by end of this month, official said.\"We were waiting for the new financial year to begin to introduce this system ,\" Ghosh added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13421362", "title": "Officials in a fix as Gulabrao Deokar is still guardian minister", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the controversial minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar was arrested for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore housing scam and later released, it's an embarrassing situation for the law enforcing agencies and entire district administration. \"It's hugely embarrassing for us. We arrested him on Monday and he was given bail the same day. But since he continues to be Jalgaon's guardian minister, whenever he convenes an official meeting, we will have no option but to salute him according to protocol,\" a senior revenue official said on Wednesday.While an FIR was lodged on February 3, 2006, Deokar was arrested for his dubious role in the Rs 46 crore housing scam on May 21. Initially, he was remanded in judicial custody. He was later released on a personal bond. All along, it was assumed that since a criminal case has been registered against him, the NCP leadership will sack him. As a result, the law enforcing agencies and revenue officials will not be required to report to him. \"We are surprised at the manner in which the state government, particularly the NCP, is dealing with the Deokar episode,\" the official said.After his arrest and release, Deokar's red beacon vehicle and special escort vehicle-with five armed constables-have been restored since he continues to be a cabinet member.A senior IPS officer said the manner in which the state NCP president Madhukar Pichad and home minister R R Patil dealt with the Deokar case, will have a demoralizing effect on the police. \"He is accused in a criminal case and was arrested, it was wrong for the NCP to continue with him in the cabinet. He should be re-inducted only if he is proved innocent,\" the officer said.The NCP believes Deokar was not the scam's beneficiary but that he signed the papers pertaining to allotment of the Rs 46 crore contract. \"He signed the contract, but was not involved in the scam. So, there's no need to sack him. We should wait for the court verdict,\" a party man said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13421215", "title": "Factional feud rages again, Gen VK Singh issues show-cause notice to Lt Gen Suhag", "text": "NEW DELHI: General V K Singh may be all set to retire on May 31 after losing a debilitating battle with the government but he still has a missile or two to unleash. The outgoing Army chief has now issued a show-cause notice to a lieutenant general tipped to take over the reins of the force when the current chief designate Lt-Gen Bikram Singh retires in 2014.The show-cause notice issued to Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, commanding the Dimapur-based 3 Corps at present, accuses him of lapses in command in handling a botched-up intelligence operation in the Jorhat district of Assam last December.This move by Gen V K Singh, known to be strongly against the Bikram-Suhag line of succession in the Army, has delayed clearing of Lt-Gen Suhag's name for promotion to the Army commander-rank (senior Lt-Gens who command one of the six regional commands or the training command) by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet.Both the defence ministry and Army HQ were tight-lipped about the show-cause notice, which yet again brings to the fore the raging factional feud within the Army. It had first manifested when Gen Singh pushed for a 10-month extension in office, claiming he was born in May 1951 and not May 1950, that would have ruled out current Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh from becoming the Army chief.After failing to spoil Lt-Gen Bikram Singh's chances, Gen V K Singh in March forwarded a complaint, based on a letter written by Trinamool Congress MP Ambika Banerjee in May 2011, against Lt-Gen Suhag to the CBI. But Lt-Gen Suhag got a clean chit in the affair, with the defence ministry recommending his name for the Army commander rank.The fresh show-cause notice charges Lt-Gen Suhag with \"abdicating responsibility'' in handling an intelligence and surveillance unit in \"a most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner''. Gen V K Singh, in the notice, says it appears to him that a censure from the Army chief himself is required in the case.\"Accordingly, opportunity is hereby afforded to you (Lt-Gen Suhag) to explain the reasons for the aforesaid lapses. Reply to this show-cause notice is requested within seven days of its receipt, failing which it would be assumed that you have no grounds to urge against the proposed action and an ex-parte decision may be taken,'' says the notice.The notice arises from a Court of Inquiry (CoI) convened by the Kolkata-based Eastern Army Command to investigate the circumstances under which the Intelligence and Surveillance Unit (CISU) under the 3 Corps conducted the awry operation in Jorhat on the night of December 20-21.Neither Lt Gen Suhag nor the Brigadier General Staff (Operations) in the 3 Corps Headquarters, Brig Abhey Krishna, took \"adequate'' and timely action to deal with the situation arising out of the offences committed by troops involved in the operation, says the notice.The CISU commanding officer, the second-in-command and a Captain were responsible for various acts of omissions and commissions, with attempts being made to cover up the serious incident.\"Various intelligence reports have also indicated the complicity of the unit in many earlier acts against the military ethos,'' says the notice. Moreover, no inquiry was conducted on two signed complaints against the CO of the CISU, who even came to Delhi on leave to give anti-Army stories to the media, it says.This comes in the backdrop of the recent statement of Army HQ which accused retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh and a few \"serving'' intelligence officers for planting stories in the media about clandestine tapping of phones of senior defence ministry officials during Gen V K Singh's age row with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13422327", "title": "BMW case: Accused fails to produce licence", "text": "GURGAON: The prime accused in the BMW case, Suraj Sherawat, could not produce his driving licence when he joined the investigation in Gurgaon on Wednesday. In the last hearing, the court had ordered Suraj to submit his driving licence to the police. According to police sources, Suraj reached the office of the ACP (DLF) with two of his family members.Earlier, after the court's direction, Suraj had submitted his blood samples and was supposed to submit his driving licence on May 23. Senior police officers refrained from commenting on the outcome of Wednesday's interrogation after the court had directed them not to disclose any investigation details to the media.\"It is quite possible that he doesn't have any driving licence and if this is true then the court will be informed about the fact and the next course of action will be taken as per the provisions of law,\" said a senior cop. The next date of hearing in the case has been fixed for August 1.In the past, police investigation suffered a major setback when the chief judicial magistrate Jasbir Singh declined a Test Identification Parade on the grounds that his photographs had been published in the newspapers and telecast in the electronic media.On 5 May, a speeding BMW had rammed into a Tata Indigo car, killing two people, including a pregnant woman, Kshama Chopra Shetye, and driver Sanjay Gulati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13420943", "title": "Film school land turns shoot locale", "text": "MUMBAI: Six shooting locations have come up on the 14.5-acre land reclaimed from Subhash Ghai's Whistling Woods International's Film City campus in Goregaon. An air freshener commercial was one of the first to be shot at these shooting locations. The locations came up after the Supreme Court's order to Ghai to return the land to Film City.\"We are receiving enquiries for package bookings,'' said a Film City official. While the land use pattern has changed, WWI has filed a review petition in court on payment of rent for the last 12 years. In the meantime, the state government has appointed an executive engineer from north Mumbai to evaluate the WWI building. An official from the studio said, \"After the evaluation, WWI will be asked to make the payment accordingly.''The studio is also facing problems from illegal encroachments. The official said, \"We found six illegal structures in which rickshawallahs and car drivers were living. There are a couple of godowns where shooting equipment were stored.''An employee from the studio, too, had occupied a small portion of the land. The official said, \"He had put up a board, claiming it was his property and if anyone touched it, he would take legal action against them. We have issued a notice to him.''The studio also has tribal inhabitants who will be relocated under the slum rehabilitation scheme. Vijay Balamwar, deputy municipal commissioner (encroachments), said it was on the request of the Film City MD that the demolition was undertaken. \"The MD took all necessary steps. We provided BMC with labour, vehicles &amp; manpower,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13421007", "title": "High court defreezes Sakshi media group's accounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Chandra Kumar of the AP high court on Wednesday directed the CBI to defreeze the Sakshi media group's current accounts with SBI , IOB and OBC branches in the city. The CBI, as part of its investigation into the assets case pertaining to Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, froze the current accounts as well as Rs 102 crore in fixed deposits of the media group. However, in his order, the judge refused to allow defreezing of the fixed deposit account.The judge made this order after hearing elaborate arguments against the freezing of the accounts by Sakshi counsels C Padmanabha Reddy and S Niranjan Reddy as well as those of the CBI opposing any such relief to the media group.Justice Chandra Kumar said that he was ordering re-activation of the accounts to ensure that the normal operations of the media group were not affected on account of the freeze order. \"This is because we cannot repair the damage later if it is unilaterally brought to a stand still now,\" he observed. \"Keeping in view the welfare of a large number of employees of the media group, according relief, at least, to the extent of the current accounts is essential,\" he said.The judge, however, imposed certain conditions on the Sakshi media group while defreezing the accounts. As per the conditions, the media group should provide a bank guarantee equivalent to the money that is lying in the current accounts and that all payments should be made through cheques. The judge also directed the management of the media group to furnish the details of the transactions made through these accounts to court once every month. He also passed an injunction against the management against alienating the property of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore/pune", "code": "13418787", "title": "I-T officials 'visit' Bangalore, Pune teams' offices", "text": "BANGALORE/PUNE: The Income Tax department conducted surveys at the offices of Indian Premier League sides Team Bangalore and Team Pune on Wednesday.This comes in the wake of Union sports minister Ajay Maken's request to the Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax Department to probe allegations of money-laundering in IPL.I-T sources in Pune said officials were sent to collect documents and details of the transactions, shareholding patterns and financial investments of the franchises. Apparently, the department is investigating the funding patterns for purchase of players by these franchises, sources said.In Bangalore, the I-T officials also visited the Karnataka State Cricket Association Academy office, situated in the Chinnaswamy stadium. According to a source, the authorities were looking for details of transactions between the association and the IPL Bangalore franchise, which sponsors the academy.However, the source denied that it was a raid. \"It was a survey conducted by the Income Tax department and not a raid,\" the source insisted.\"They came to the Team Bangalore office and went to the Karnataka State Cricket Association to inquire into certain transactions,\" the source added.KSCA secretary Javagal Srinath was dismissive of the word 'raid' while an official from the tax authorities too confirmed that it was a routine inspection. \"It was a regular visit by the authorities, a regular inspection where they seek information and we give it to them,\" Srinath told TOI.In Pune's case, sources said that the surveys were being carried out in the wake of a statement by their player Mohnish Mishra that he had got much more than his prescribed auction amount under the table as black money during a 'sting' operation conducted by a news channel. Mishra later retracted his statement saying he had done that casually \"to enhance his value\". He was later suspended by his team and BCCI.Checks were also conducted at the Aamby Valley in Lonavala near Mumbai, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13424348", "title": "Another survey to be held in June", "text": "BHOPAL: When lying in open nests on the banks of the river, ghariyal eggs and baby ghariyals are eaten up by predators--it may be predator bird or crocodiles. A large number of ghariyals are also washed away when the river is spate he monsoon and its water gets muddy.This was the reason for carrying out ex-situ conservation programme out with 500 eggs after the 2007-08 crisis.In a latest survey that was carried out between February 13 to March 11 this year, 905 ghariyals were found, says R S Sirkarwar, DFO of Morena.Another survey would be held in June after the hatching. \"This would be important to find out the number of nests and the number of females in the river,\" the research officer said.Interestingly, almost 30 years after the formation of the sanctuary, there is no common plan to conserve the ghariyals. Only Madhya Pradesh is active in carrying our regular monitoring and supervision of the conservation programme. Four meetings have taken place, the last one in Bharatpur to prepare the Generic Management Plan.In fact, sources said, in February this year, when an exercise to carry out the census of ghariyals was on, a team from MP was stopped by the forest department personnel of UP and they were not allowed to enter the Chambal river water in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13438215", "title": "Mahesh Babu, Sreenu Vaitla Movie is Confirmed", "text": "Prince and superstar Mahesh Babu will be working with Sreenu Vaitla for yet another action-entertainer soon. The actor and the director duo, who created sensation with their film \"Dookudu\", is all poised to team up once again and set the cash registers ringing at the box office.Sources close to the director say that the film is not a sequel to \"Dookudu\" as speculated, but it'll be a different script altogether. The shooting of movie is expected to start soon after Srinu Vaitla wraps up \"Baadshah\" with NTR and Mahesh finishes shooting for Sukumar's film. So Mahesh fans, get ready for another carnival!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424481", "title": "Government commerce certificate exam cancelled", "text": "PUNE: The Government Commerce Certificate (GCC) examination for typing and shorthand, which was to be conducted from May 22 to 26 in Maharashtra and Goa, has been cancelled by the Maharashtra State Council of Examination (MSCE).A revised schedule for the GCC exam will be announced soon, stated an official release issued by the MSCE commissioner. The decision to cancel the exam has been prompted by certain irregularities in the conduct of the exam, which have come to the notice of the council authorities, the release stated.While the MSCE did not specify the irregularities, it stated that a police complaint has been lodgedin connection with this matter and action would be taken against those responsible for the irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13446694", "title": "Rishi's next is a stress buster", "text": "Rishi's vocals combined with the production of the acclaimed DJ Nathan C makes this the perfect blend of R'n'B that is taking over entire UK right now.After the success in Asia of his debut track 'Club Scene' which was produced by Kam Frantic , Rishi is set to take the UK by storm with this huge club track. With production by Nathan C who is renowned on the club scene and has produced tracks for the likes of Lily Allen , the combination of the two talents has certainly created a sure-fire winner amongst club-goers. Rishi states the aim of this track is for \"people to listen to it, feel uplifted and feel the beat\". What better way to relieve stress than listening to vocals you can relate to and then listening to the music drop? This track is definitely a way to forget about your worries for sometime.With his fingers firmly on the pulse of what is hot right now Rishi is definitely stepping in the right musical direction for a long lasting musical career and keeps us guessing as to what is to come next! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13426023", "title": "No one follows marked slots in Chandigarh Sec 37", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finding a suitable parking spot at the Sector 37 market is a tough task, despite the municipal corporation having marked the slots, as vehicle owners hardly follow them. The parking space is generally chaotic during the rush hours.Another reason behind the extra rush at Sector 37 market is that the Sector 36 market is not well equipped with shoppers' needs and has more educational institutes instead. Sector 36 residents too flock this market.Sector 37 resident Sheela Jain said even the people who can easily walk to the market come in four wheelers, causing unnecessary chaos. Sector 36 resident Amrit Singh said it took him about an hour when his SUV once got stuck in the Sector 37 market parking. Saurabh Sharma, a Sector 38 resident, said the traffic police should depute their personnel to manage the parking while Sector 36 resident Gurpal Singh said he has started walking to the market because he can't take the parking chaos any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13418821", "title": "Petrol price up by over Rs 7.50, steepest hike ever", "text": "NEW DELHI: By the time you read this, petrol price would have gone up by more than Rs 7.50 a litre across the country. This is the steepest-ever increase and came a day after Parliament's budget session ended and PM Manmohan Singh talked about the need for \"difficult decisions\".After adding state taxes, petrol will cost Rs 73.18 a litre in Delhi, Rs 78.57 in Mumbai, Rs 77.88 in Kolkata and Rs 77.53 a litre in Chennai. This marks an increase of around 10% and puts a squeeze of roughly Rs 6,000 a year on a family that spends an average of Rs 5,000 per month on petrol.This is the first upward revision in petrol price since November 4, 2011. The highest increase so far has been by Rs 5 per litre. State-run oilmarketers twice raised prices by this amount -- on May 15, 2011 and May 24, 2008 when petrol price crossed the Rs 50 a litre mark for the first time.The decision immediately drew a howl of protest and demand for rollback from parties across the political spectrum, including UPA allies such as Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee . But the West Bengal chief minister also made it clear that she will not rock the UPA boat.Consumers too voiced their anguish even as they thronged petrol pumps for a \"cheaper\" tank-up one last time. Police had to be called in to control the spiraling queues in many pumps in Delhi and elsewhere.The announcement of price revision came when oil minister S Jaipal Reddy is away in Turkmenistan to attend a ceremony for signing a four-nation gas pipeline deal. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee laid the onus of the raise on the oil marketers. \"The decision has been taken. Petrol is a deregulated commodity,\" he said.The government had freed petrol price in June 2010 when crude came down to around $40 a barrel from a historic high of $147 per barrel in July 2008. But in practice, oil companies do not move without a signal from the parent oil ministry which officially continues to deny any control.Sources said the increase was stage-managed. Oil companies usually review prices on the 15th and last day of each month. But Wednesday's increase was announced mid-week to take advantage of Reddy's absence after the Parliament session. Reddy reportedly gave his go-ahead for raising petrol price before leaving for Turkmenistan. His absence gave an opportunity for the government to distance itself from the raise and reinforce the impression that it did not control its price as it was a deregulated fuel.But oil companies described the hike as a \"do-or-die\" measure. R S Butola, chairman of market leader IndianOil Corporation, argued that the price had to be increased steeply since they had not revised it for the last seven months even though global prices of crude went up 3.5% and petrol in bulk markets rose 14.5%, even as the rupee continued its slide against the dollar.\"We did not raise petrol price for so long due to the prevailing conditions in the market. As a result, all three retailers together piled up a loss of Rs 2,321 crore between the last price hike in November and March 31. Since March alone, we have taken a hit of Rs 2,330 crore. The rupee too has fallen some 3-4%. The government would not have compensated these losses as petrol is a deregulated product.\"Butola did not comment when asked whether he had secured the ministry's nod earlier to raise petrol price once the Parliament session was over. \"We had told the government in writing that either it takes back control over petrol or we would have no option but to raise the price steeply. We did what we had to do. There was no choice left for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13421906", "title": "Scrap blast: Witnesses give different versions of incident", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Wails and shrieks reverberated the spot where a powerful blast ripped through the slums in C block area in Kareli on Wednesday afternoon. The slum dwellers, most of them immigrants from Bihar , were seen huddled up in groups discussing the sequence of events even as a curious stream of onlookers listened with intent. A teenaged girl told TOI: \"The blast was so intense that it shook the locals. People ran towards the spot and saw heavy smoke billowing out from the cramped and dingy settlements.\" The girl added that \"stench of burnt made the air nauseating as body parts of victims lay strewn all over the place and blood lay splattered at the spot\".It was a gory sight at the spot with human body parts lying scattered. Circle officer I Atul Srivastava issued instructions for cleaning the spot even as a crowd of onlookers made a beeline at the spot.There were conflicting versions on the sequence of the blast. Some witnesses told TOI that it occurred when some children accidentally lobbed a bomb after taking it out from a rag sack mistaking it to be a cricket ball. Other said the bomb was lobbed by some unidentified miscreants who threw it from a distance and then fled from the spot. They added that the incident was a fallout of a dispute over a piece of land where slums are located. The said piece of land was being eyed by some land mafia who want the slums dwellers to vacate it.SSP Naveen Arora said: \"It is yet to be ascertained whether it was a crude bomb or an IED and we can only arrive at a conclusion after submission of report by the team of forensic experts and bomb disposal units.\" tnnDistrict magistrate Anil Kumar who was also supervising the rescue work told TOI: \"District administration would provide compensation to the family members of the victims once the exact number of persons who have died is confirmed.\" He added that police and other agencies are collecting evidence from the spot and on the basis of that a breakthrough would be made soon.Meanwhile, political leaders continued to arrive at the spot to take stock of the situation. Those seen there included Samajwadi Party leaders Mushtaq Kazmi, Indira Jaiswal, Pandhari Yadav and Noor Alam, Congress leaders Tariq Saeed, Parvez Akhtar Ansari, Mukund Tiwari, Shyam Krishna Pandey and Shekhar Bahuguna, former Phulpur MP Atiq Ahmad and BSP MLA Asif Jafri.A heavy contingent of police and PAC personnel kept a tight vigil at the spot to avert any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13421978", "title": "Fire department issues notice to Race Course Towers", "text": "VADODARA: The Vadodara Fire and Emergency Services (VFES) department has issued a notice to the Race Course Towers located in the Race Course area of the city. The move comes after a fire broke out at the building late on Tuesday afternoon. Details obtained by the fire brigade had shown lacunae in the fire safety arrangements there.Around 100 people were trapped in the commercial complex when the fire broke out there. Some people had to be brought out of the tower using ladders while others took refuge on the tower's terrace to avoid the smoke due to the fire. An electrical short circuit is believed to have caused the fire.VFES sources said that the notice was issued to the association of the complex as the fire safety equipment was not maintained properly. \"A coupling where we fit our pipes was missing. The pump supplying water to the fire hydrants could also not be switched on as its connections and switches were damaged due to the fire in the electrical room,\" said chief officer (fire) H J Tapariya.While the short circuit may have led to failure in the pump's operation through the regular electrical supply, it also came to light that there were no arrangements for alternate power supply like a generator. As per norms the pump used to operate fire hydrants should have an alternate power supply. \"This is a must as during a fire, power supply is among the first services to be affected,\" Tapariya said. Sources added that power supply was often disconnected for safety reasons too in case of major fires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13424423", "title": "Excise officials get interim bail", "text": "PUNE: A special court on Wednesday granted interim bail to three central excise officials till May 25 in a bribery case.Excise superintendent Vidyadhar Joshi, assistant commissioner Pradeep Angachekar and inspector Vinaya Kale were released on a personal bond of Rs 25,000 each with one or two sureties of the like amount.Special judge D R Mahajan warned the officials not to visit the excise office at Akurdi and complainant's office Ramdas Gaikwad and his hotel at Chakan.The officials were directed to report at the CBI, Pune, between 9 am and 3 pm till further orders. They were released on interim bail because the CBI sought time to respond to their bail pleas.The CBI on Tuesday evening arrested Joshi and Kale for allegedly accepting Rs 1.25 lakh from Gaikwad for not levying service tax on a multi-purpose hall opened inside his hotel at Chakan with retrospective effect. Angachekar was arrested for negotiating the 'deal'.Earlier, inspector N M Parab produced the trio before the court for seeking CBI custody for three days.Special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena told the court that the custodial interrogation of the officials was essential to probe their alleged nexus as searches conducted at the residences of Kale and Joshi had led to the seizure of over Rs 2.62 lakh and Rs 1 lakh respectively.Opposing the prosecution's plea, defence counsel Sudhir Shah argued that the CBI had not cited valid reasons for seeking their police custody remand and prayed to send them to judicial custody. The court considered the lawyer's plea and sent the officials to judicial custody and later released them on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429328", "title": "Students to study public distribution system status in Melghat, Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: A scientific study of the effectiveness of public distribution system in tribal-dominated areas of the region has been undertaken by the Vidarbha statutory development board (VSDB) under special instructions of governor K Sankaranarayanan. This is the first time such a study has been commissioned to address the never-ending problem of malnutrition prevailing among tribals.Melghat area of Amravati district has been in news for over a decade and half for the unusually large number of deaths among children below five years of age. Among several factors found responsible for it, malnutrition of pregnant women and later the newborns is a major one. Malnutirion has also shown high incidence in Gadchiroli and tribal pockets of Yavatmal as well as Gondia in recent times.Over a year ago the governor had directed VSDB to study the ground realities in Melghat as well as Naxalite-affected Gadhcilroli especially with regard to the public distribution system. A preliminary report was submitted by the then chairman of development board Tukaram Birkad. But the governor wanted a more detailed and scientific study that would include suggestions of people and the problems, if any, faced by the beneficiaries.Accordingly, the VSDB came up with a fresh plan and this time roped in students of Amravati and Nagpur universities in it. \"The work has already begun and teams of final year and postgraduate department of statistics under the guidance of development board officials are visiting Melghat villages,\" said Poornima Upadhyay, an expert member of the board. Based in Paratwada, she has been studying issues related to livelihood of Melghat tribals since 1996.\"It will be a first of its kind field-based study with scientific approach. The students would also gain useful insights into the tribal way of life,\" she told TOI. Besides collecting samples of the foodgrains from PDS, the student-teams would interact with the tribals and get suggestions on improving the welfare scheme. Currently 35kg of grains are supplied per family through the scheme. The study would try to find out if that is enough to meet their food needs. The caloric value of grains supplied would also be evaluated.After Melghat, the Amravati teams would take up Yavatmal. Teams from Nagpur University would start a similar exercise from May 26 in Gadchiroli, and tribal pockets of Ramtek, Gondia, said Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore/ new delhi", "code": "13427837", "title": "Petrol to cost Rs 82 after steepest hike of Rs 8.49", "text": "BANGALORE/ NEW DELHI: By the time you read this, the price of petrol would have gone up by Rs 7.54 a litre across the country. The increase, the steepest ever, came a day after Parliament's budget session ended and PM Manmohan Singh talked about the need for \"difficult decisions\". In Bangalore , the hike is a shocking Rs 8.49 a litre.After adding state taxes, petrol will cost Rs 82 a litre in Bangalore, Rs 73.18 in Delhi, Rs 78.57 in Mumbai, Rs 77.88 in Kolkata and Rs 77.53 a litre in Chennai. This marks an increase of around 10% and puts a squeeze of Rs 6,000 a year on a family that spends an average of Rs 5,000 per month on petrol. This is the first upward revision in petrol price since November 4, 2011. The highest increase till now had been Rs 5 per litre. State-run oil marketers twice raised prices by this amount - on May 15, 2011 and May 24, 2008 when the petrol price crossed the Rs 50 a litre mark for the first time.The prices of diesel, LPG (kitchen fuel) and kerosene have remained unchanged.The decision drew demands for rollback from parties across the political spectrum, including UPA allies such as Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee . But the West Bengal chief minister also made it clear that she would not rock the UPA boat. Consumers, too, voiced their anguish even as they thronged petrol pumps for a \"cheaper\" tank-up one last time.Why oil marketers say price hike was unavoidableEvery 1 drop in rupee's value against dollar adds 8,000 crore import burden on oil marketers. Pre-hike pump prices corresponded to $109/barrel of petrol in regional bulk markets. The average price in the first fortnight of May was $124/barrelCrude prices fell to a 7-month low near $91 a barrel on Wednesday. But this refers to Brent crude in Singapore , not Indian mix of importsBigger hole in pocketHere's the extra expense Bangaloreans will incur while travelling on 3 most used routesWhitefield to BIA via Ring Road 46 kmBy bike: 9.75 more By car: 32.70 morePadmanabhanagar to Electronics City 18.3 kmBy bike: 3.87 more By car: 12.96 moreMalleswaram Circle to Jayanagar IV Block 9.6 kmBy bike: 2.05 more By car: 8.12 moreBike mileage: 40 kmplCar mileage: 12 kmpl", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13420116", "title": "Paper leak forces typewriting exam cancellation", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Council of Examinations (MSCE), Pune, has cancelled the typewriting exam supposed to be conducted on Wednesday owing to a paper leak. Over two lakh students appearing from all over Maharashtra are believed to have been affected by the cancellation. From Nagpur, about 5,000 had registered for exam at 17 centres.Zilla Parishad education officer (secondary) Someshwar Netam said the directives to cancel the examination came from Pune head office after reports of paper leak emerged from various cities. \"We have lodged a FIR against principal of Devasmurti Lokanchi Shala Rekha Rathod and chief clerk Sampurnanand Sarode for leaking the paper to candidates before the actual examination,\" he told TOI.He added that the complaint was lodged at Sitabuldi police station and he had also dispatched a report to MSCE office in this regard. Netam further informed that after the reports of paper leak were confirmed, he had directed the deputy education officer Subhash Mozarkar to conduct an enquiry. Mozarkar then conducted surprise check at Devasmruti Lokanchi Shala and found seal of typewriting questions papers scheduled to be held from May 22 to 25 tampered with.Earlier, at 9am the students were sent back from various centres stating that the exam had been deferred. Salesh Patil, who runs a typewriting institute in the city, informed that owners like him had to suffer unnecessarily owing to such leaks as they had to supply typewriters from institute to exam centres. \"In rural areas, the problem is more severe as institute owners like us have to travel over 50 kms for supplying typewriters. The MSCE doesn't provide travelling expenses to the institutes,\" he said adding that honest students were also suffering.The typewriting exams are conducted by the MSCE for those who aspire to qualify for clerical appointment in the government services, local bodies or commercial firms. The exams are conducted twice a year - in May and November - and go on for three days. About four batches are conducted daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13427921", "title": "Chinese 'invasion' leaves Haryana powerless", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Haryana is hit by erratic and unscheduled power cuts, like many other things, blame it on China. The All-India Power Engineers' Federation, the apex body of power engineers in the country, has shot a letter to the Union power ministry claiming that there have been repeated breakdowns particularly in newly-constructed Chinese units in the power plants of Khedar in Hisar and Yamunanagar districts of Haryana.In the letter, the federation has informed that the old units of indigenous Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL) at Panipat are performing well, while new units from China have developed faults in the turbine at Khedar as well as in the Yamunanagar unit.Recently, Haryana power minister Ajay Yadav had told TOI that breakdowns in power units of Haryana were so unpredictable that it was not possible for the state to announce power outages in advance anywhere in Haryana, including Gurgaon. Both the units in Yamunanagar, 300 MW each, are shut since April 1, while one unit of 600 MW in Khedar is shut since April 28, causing a sudden shortfall of 1200 MW in the state. Both these plants had Chinese equipment and they were all due to turbine vibrations.A departmental inquiry into the bending of turbine rotor of unit 2 at Yamunanagar also confirmed serious deficiencies in construction and design of these equipment.According to official figures, Haryana procured Chinese equipment at a low cost of Rs 3.49 crore per MW at Yamunanagar and Rs 3.19 crore per MW at Khedar in Hisar, while BHEL units would have cost around Rs 4 to 4.5 crore for every MW.\"While buying turbines at low cost could have been a short-term gain, the savings would be wiped out in the first or second year of the plant due to poor performance and generation loss,\" said the Padamjit Singh, chairman, All-India Power Engineers' Federation. \"There is a perception among power engineers in the state that the poor performance of plants in Haryana is a result of winning bids for construction of thermal plants at the lowest price, compromising on quality,\" added Singh.Haryana has three major sources of power production - Yamunanagr power plant (600MW), Khedar in Hisar (1200 MW) and Panipat thermal power plant (1360 MW). The state is expected to face minimum shortage of around 288 lakh units daily on account of forced outage of these units till the end of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13421811", "title": "Five children killed in blast in scrap", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Five children were killed and six other persons were seriously injured in a powerful explosion in C-Block slum area in Kareli here on Wednesday.The blast, according to initial police investigations, took place when a group of children playing near some garbage sacks fiddled with a shiny object that exploded in the process. While two of the children died on the spot, three succumbed to their injuries in the SRN Hospital and Colvin Hospital.Allahabad range DIG N Raviendra said to TOI: \"A group of rag-pickers had dumped their sacks between two hunts in a Kareli slum. A group of children playing there noticed some ball-shaped shining object in one of the sacks and tried to retrieve it. As soon as they pulled it out, it exploded.\"\"The blast was so powerful that it could be heard at a distance of a kilometer. Over a dozen persons present in a radius of 8-10 meters sustained severe injuries. Most of the injured have suffered splinter and burn injuries,\" he added.Allahabad SSP Naveen Arora said, \"People have been rushed to various hospitals and we are trying to arrive at a conclusion.\" Asked about the explosive, he said,\"Investigations are on.\"IG (Law &amp; Order) B P Singh said in Lucknow that a team of Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) has been dispatched to Allahabad to probe the incident. Sleuths of the forensic department have also been pressed into service and samples have been collected to ascertain the nature of the blast, he added. The exact cause and nature of the blast is being probed, he added.Asked whether the state government had received and alert from the Centre on a possible terror strike, Singh said that there were no specific alerts. \"Routine alerts do come from IB but there was no specific alert,\" he said.Singh said that old Allahabad \"is infamous for crude bombs and it had taken shape of a cottage industry there,\" and police have been conducting raids at such places and arresting people. About the claims that bomb may have been hurled by someone, Singh said that it was ruled out in preliminary investigation.Some of the residents, however, claimed that the bomb was \"hurled by an unidentified person who fled immediately\", while others said that the explosive device was lying abandoned in a garbage heap and went off when a group of rag-pickers fiddled with it.The deceased were identified as Abdul Rahman (14), Israel (12), Rizwan (9), Naima (10) and Abdul (9), all residents of C-Block slums. The injured include Nazeer, Tutual, Jehana, Taslima, Nargis, Rozi and Tanzeem. They all have been admitted to various local hospitals, said a police official.The DIG added that several police teams have been pressed into service to probe the incident thoroughly. He added that police teams have been deployed to scan the entire area.\"We ran towards the spot after hearing a massive explosion and spotted five-six children and some others lying in a pool of blood,\" said Mohd Tariq, a local. \"Suspecting it to be a terror attack, people ran helter-skelter to find a safe cover,\" he added.A local, Tariq, said: \"In no time, locals assembled and started taking injured persons to nearby hospitals. For some initial moments, it was all chaos as people ran to the scene to search for their near and dear ones.\"Soon, the police with the help of locals admitted the injured persons, including Jehana (32), Taslima (40), Nargis (13) and Roji (11) to the SRN Hospital where their condition is stated to be serious but stable, said another local, Rizwan.\"We were shocked to see the situation as children lay on the ground crying for help,\" said Aman adding, \"when we were able to find out what exactly has happened, we rushed the injured to the hospitals with the help of police who arrived on the scene as soon as they were informed.\"Police said they are probing the nature of the blast and as to how such high-intensity explosive material reached the garbage. Unconfirmed reports said the local slums house Muslims who have come from Bihar and could have originally come to India illegally from Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13425672", "title": "Lucknow students shun TV, prefer Twitter and Facebook", "text": "LUCKNOW: The days of India's Gen Y remaining glued to TV is passe. Computers, laptops, and mobiles have taken over the conventional mode of entertainment. And, Lucknow is no exception. A nationwide survey conducted by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in 12 Indian cities has revealed that only 0.02% students in Lucknow have TV as their favorite gadget. This is lowest figure among the cities surveyed.The TCS Gen Y Survey 2011-12 was held in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Coimbatore, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kochi, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, and Pune. A total of 12,329 students from class VIII-XII and between 12-18 years were asked to fill up a questionnaire that depicted their digital habits.In Lucknow, about 1200 students took the survey. The results were surprising. More than 80% students use social networking site Facebook. Two years ago, the figure was only 16%. One out of every four students uses Twitter whereas Orkut usage stands at 42.98%. LinkedIn's usage among students is still low at 4%.Another interesting trend is the growing number of mobile users in the city: three out of four students own a mobile phone which accounts to 74.78%. Next to mobile phones is laptop, which 19.23% students use. It is followed by gaming consoles with15.44% students and MP3 player with12.54% users.Combination of more bandwidth, availability of smart devices and the surging popularity of social networks are changing the way Lucknow's school students live their academic and social lives. Nearly 48.09% students use email to communicate as compared to 44.12% nationally. Voice calls are still the preferred communication mode, closely followed by email. SMS, Instant Messaging &amp; Facebook, Twitter follow these modes as the preferred modes of communication.Speaking to mediapersons, principal consultant, TCS, Jayant Krishna said, \"Lucknow's Gen Y is at par with the rest of the country. Hence, saying the city is a laggard in using technology is wrong. The survey had students participating from all across UP, with maximum students from Lucknow.''Sharing other digital trends, he said, 70.52% students in Lucknow own a PC which is at par with the country, and every second student owns a laptop. With scores of people using a laptop or a PC, 80% students have access to internet. Where 75.18% students useInternet for chat and connectivity, much ahead of country's average of 67.82%, 50% students use it for music, 41% for email and 30% for movies. Although two out of three students spend more than half an hour everyday on internet, the usage of cyber cafe is on decline.The survey revealed that while IT and engineering are the top career choices among Lucknowites, only 3% students seek government jobs which is less than half the all India figures. Media is the second most sought after job nationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13409219", "title": "Just photo-op, or turning point for Indian cinema?", "text": "The unprecedented visibility of Indian cinema (not 'Bollywood') at Cannes this year isn't just statistical aberration; Anshul Chaturvedi explores the on-ground sentiment to bring you the feel that the Cannes-India equation has gone significantly beyond what our stars wear on the Red CarpetLadies and Gentlemen, you're with us for the next six hours, with a 20-minute break between the first and the second part of the screening.\" That's not the usual line you hear at a movie premiere, and you'd expect it to be a tough task for the audience to last that distance, but barely a seat or two would have gone vacant before the six hours were up as a silent, rapt audience lapped up the two parts of \" Gangs Of Wasseypur \" at Cannes, and then gave an ecstatic Anurag Kashyap and his team rounds of sustained applause. The contrast between the plush, slick ambience of Cannes and the milieu depicted in the movie couldn't have been starker, and the primary stars of the movies - Manoj Bajpayee and Nawazuddin Siddiqui respectively - aren't the ones who typically have crowds swooning overseas, but this only served to underline what one hears over and over again here: global audiences and critics are treating contemporary cinema with a newfound respect, going by scripts and their handling, not by the magnitude of the stars they cast.Of course, to a degree, it's the usual stuff in some ways, with the global media having done a fair amount of homework on the great debate in India on what Aishwarya will finally wear when she walks the Red Carpet, and reporters back home will have kept ready a quick list of designers to call for a critique the moment the first pictures land. But beyond that, as the applause takes five minutes to die down for Anurag, as a shy, reticent Nawazuddin says he's staying on a few days since he has another movie - \"Miss Lovely\" - being screened on the 24th, there is enough to suggest that it's not just another year. While words such as \"emerging\", \"global appeal\", \"new paradigm\" and all are frequently used, some, such as young filmmaker Jonas Pariente, currently working on a documentary on contemporary Indian cinema, go as far as to say that this is the tipping point of Indian cinema, and may be the watershed for a gradual shifting of global focus towards India in the years to come. No Indian's going so far as to say that, but surely they wouldn't mind in the least if someone sticks his neck out to do so.Manoj and Nawazuddin have a sense of quiet achievement as they juggle weird, challenging flight schedules to barely about make it for the \"Gangs...\" screening. Manoj kept the photocall on wait for a few minutes as his suit was being ironed, even as the show was going to begin! But the chaos would be worth it, going by the gushing responses they drew. For 'actors' who aren't classified easily as 'stars', roles such as these, that reaffirm their competence and give them visibility on a global platform, probably mean more than we think.Away from the \"Gangs...\" hullaballoo , where Anurag's gone into a completely party mode, Nila Madhab Panda has a point to make about how international markets respond to Indian cinema, and he should know, considering his ' I Am Kalam ' was part of 40-odd fests in the course of the last year. \"Till about four or five years back, of all the hundreds of people from the cinema trade that you see here, hardly anyone was interested in talking to you if you offered an Indian movie for their markets. The only thing they would come to discuss was a mainstream Bollywood movie in case they represented territories that had a large NRI audience. We also have been a self-consuming market; since we consume most of the movies we make within India, it's made little difference to most people in the trade. But today, when we showed \"Jalpari: The Desert Mermaid\" here, we have buyers from Korea, from Taiwan , from South Africa who're discussing money with us, they want to purchase the movie, even though we don't want to do any deals till we've released the movie in India\". But that's not the only market. \"European audiences like the nativity they find in the sort of movies we bring here, which we show at festivals or offer, they're not really interested in the 'action' movies,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13424829", "title": "Mosquitoes run riot at East-West Metro site", "text": "KOLKATA: Mosquitoes have turned into a bone of contention between the civic authorities and the Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC). Construction activities for the East-West section of the underground transport service has left the Sealdah station premises in a mess. For the last one month, stagnant water pools have been forming regularly near the station siding where excavation work is now on in full swing. A breeding ground for mosquito larvae, these pools have been sprayed with insecticides almost on a daily basis for the last four weeks. But fresh puddles with larvae have returned within days. This has alarmed the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC).Mosquitoes have turned into a bone of contention between the civic authorities and the Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC). Construction activities for the east-west section of the underground transport service has left the Sealdah station premises in a mess. What have left the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) alarmed are the stagnant water pools that have been forming regularly over the last one month near the station siding where excavation work is now on in full swing. Breeding ground for mosquito larvae, these pools have been sprayed with insecticides almost on a daily basis for the last four weeks. But fresh puddles with larvae have returned within days.While the KMC claims it has written to the railways asking them to initiate action, the latter said they have not received any letter. A civic vector-control team visited the station premises even on Tuesday and found stagnant water with mosquito larvae. Several cases of malaria have been reported from the neighbourhood over the past couple of weeks and the KMC health officials believe this to be a direct fallout of the collection of water at the East-West Metro site.\"Our surveyors and staff have been visiting the spot almost every alternate day. On most occasions, we have found stagnant water with larvae. Spraying has had little effect, for fresh pools have been forming in new areas near the siding within days. We have repeatedly asked the railway authorities to make sure that water doesn't collect, but nothing has been done to prevent it,\" said a civic health official. A notice has been sent to the divisional railway manager, Eastern Railway's office. But the authorities have not responded.Mosquitoe larvae is also being produced at the artificial fountain inside the BR Singh Hospital next door, said civic authorities pointed out. Local councillor Moushumi Ghosh said KMC workers have been spraying insecticides at the entire station premise though it was the railways' job.\"Mosquitoes have turned a menace here. Since the railways has not been doing anything to prevent collection of water, we have taken it upon ourselves to do the job. Not just the East-West Metro construction site, we have been spraying insecticides at the station premises and railway quarters as well. Since a malaria outbreak is going to affect the entire ward, we can't wait for the railways to act. We have written to them and even had a meeting. But they have remained inactive,\" said Ghosh.The railway authorities denied having received either a notice or a letter. No meeting with the civic authorities has been held either, said SK Das, divisional railway manager, Sealdah.\"We were not aware of the problem. No letter has been received either. But we have asked our staff to make sure that water doesn't collect and that spraying is done on a regular basis,\" said Das. He added that water pools could not be avoided at the site since large-scale excavation was going on at the site.\"Holes have been bored to dig in huge pillars. Some amount of water is bound to collect. Henceforth, we will make sure that the pools don't turn into mosquito breeding grounds,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13426633", "title": "Together for a decade and beyond", "text": "It doesn't take much to strike a friendship. Be it school buddies or a chance meeting at a coffee shop or at the cricket stadium while watching a match. And, when friends get together, there is no end to conversation, bonhomie and bonding. TOI will spend time among groups of friends, feeling the pulse ...LUDHIANA: Unlike many others who lose touch with the best school buddies after finishing studies, these three friends haven't been able to part with the habit of meeting each other at least once a day. Sachin Atray, Varun Sood and Gaurav Sharma, all 28 years of age, take time out for a regular evening stroll which keeps them fit and enriches their over a decade-long bond.The three friends choose a different place for their walk every day but their favourite locations remain Leisure Valley in Sarabha Nagar, PAU and Rakh Bagh. The three musketeers studied together at RS Model Senior Secondary School and have been a bunch since then. Their common love for adventurous outings sees them trekking and climbing at far off destinations once every year.Bonding over old memories and building new ones, the three go for a walk together every evening. Sachin Atray, or 'Chini', is an astrologer residing in Model Gram. He says, ''Gaurav is the star among us as he plays the guitar and has a melodious voice too. We have put many of his videos on YouTube and keep encouraging him to keep his interest in music alive.''Varun Sood, a mechanical engineer from Model Town, says, ''Apart from our daily walks, we go out for dinner or coffee over weekends. We have tried almost every cafe in the city where we spend hours chatting.'' Gaurav brings humour to the group and cracks a joke every now and then. And when he runs out of jokes, he has got his mimicry act in place to leave friends in splits, says Varun. ''And Sachin loves to share his knowledge about every new thing he learns about,'' he adds.Gaurav Sharma, called Gauri by friends, an auto-electric designer from Rajguru Nagar, says he sets off to meet his friends as soon as he gets free from work at around 7pm. ''We laugh, pull each other's leg and share the happenings of each day. Even if we miss on this routine a single day, the day seems to be incomplete,'' says Garuav.''We have been with each other through a long time and share a very good understanding. There hasn't been the need of any one else to sort out our differences ever,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13443453", "title": "Statistical highlights of the eliminator match of the Indian Premier League between Chennai Super Kings-Mumbai Indians", "text": "BANGALORE: Statistical highlights of the eliminator match of the Indian Premier League between Chennai Super Kings vs Mumbai Indians on Wednesday.# Mahendra Singh Dhoni has recorded a half-century and effected three dismissals in an innings in the same IPL match for the first time.# Kumar Sangakkara and Adam Gilchrist have registered the above 'double' twice each in the IPL. Parthiv Patel, Dinesh Karthik and Dhoni have achieved the distinction once each.# Dhoni's brilliant strike rate of 255.00 is the second highest in the present competition (minimum qualification 50). Only AB de Villiers has recorded a better strike rate of 256.52 in the present tournament while posting 59 not out off 23 balls for Bangalore against Rajasthan at Jaipur on April 23.# Dhoni (51 off 20 balls) has recorded his first fifty in the present tournament -- his ninth overall in the IPL.# Dhoni has been adjudged the Man-of-the-Match for the seventh time in the IPL.# Dhoni took 20 balls for his half-century -- the fastest by a Chennai batsman in the IPL.# Dhoni, tally of 1745 runs at an average of 37.12 in 76 matches for Chennai Super Kings, is a record as captain in the IPL, overtaking Sachin Tendulkar's tally of 1723 (ave.40.07) in 51 games for Mumbai Indians.# Dhawal Kulkarni has bowled quite well to take six wickets in two games at an average of 10.66 for Mumbai Indians in the IPL 5.# Rohit Sharma, with 42 catches, has established a fielding record in the IPL history -- the next highest is Suresh Raina's 41.# Michael Hussey (49 off 39 balls) took his run-aggregate in the IPL to 884 at an average of 40.18 in 27 games, including a hundred and five fifties.# Malinga could bag only two wickets in his last six games in the IPL 5.# Dhoni and Bravo were associated in a match-winning stand of 73 (unbroken) for the sixth wicket, emulating a partnership record for Chennai in the IPL. Hussey and Badrinath had added 73 (unbroken) against Punjab at Mohali on April 19, 2008.# Rohit Sharma (433), Ambati Rayudu (333) and Tendulkar (324) are the three batsmen to have managed 300 runs or more for Mumbai Indians in the IPL 5.# Harbhajan Singh has bagged only six wickets in 17 matches at an average of 64.00 in the present tournament -- his strike rate being 54.0.# Dwayne Smith's batting average of 39.25 (157 in six innings, twice not out) is the best by a Mumbai player in the IPL 2012. (Minimum 100 runs).# Chennai's splendid 38-run triumph their largest by runs margin over Mumbai in the IPL.# Chennai have won five games and lost six out of eleven played against the Mumbai Indians in the IPL -- winning % 45.45.# Chennai's 187 for five is their second highest total against Mumbai in the IPL, next only to the 208 for five at Chepauk, Chennai on April 23, 2008.# Kieron Pollard (199) is one short of 200 sixes in Twenty20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13442175", "title": "Mumbai Indians fined for slow over rate", "text": "BANGALORE: Mumbai Indians have been penalised for a slow over rate during their Indian Premier League eliminator against Chennai Super Kings at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium.Mumbai Indians were assessed to be two overs behind the required rate after allowances were taken into consideration at the end of the match.As this was captain Harbhajan Singh's second slow over rate offence of this year's IPL, he was fined USD 40,000, while each of the other 10 members of the playing eleven were fined the lesser of USD 10,000 or 25 per cent of their match fees.Mumbai Indians lost to Chennai Super Kings by 38 runs on Wednesday to crash out of the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad/ new delhi", "code": "13421661", "title": "Petrol to cost 81.44 in Hyderabad, sharpest hike ever", "text": "HYDERABAD/ NEW DELHI: By the time you read this, the price of petrol would have gone up by more than Rs 7.50 a litre across the country. The increase, the steepest-ever, came a day after Parliament's budget session ended and PM Manmohan Singh talked about the need for \"difficult decisions\".After adding state taxes, petrol will cost Rs 81.44 a litre in Hyderabad, Rs 73.18 in Delhi, Rs 78.57 in Mumbai, Rs 77.88 in Kolkata and Rs 77.53 a litre in Chennai. This marks an increase of around 10% and puts a squeeze of roughly Rs 6,000 a year on a family that spends an average of Rs 5,000 per month on petrol.This is the first upward revision in petrol price since November 4, 2011. The highest increase till now had been Rs 5 per litre. State-run oil marketers twice raised prices by this amount -- on May 15, 2011 and May 24, 2008 when the petrol price crossed the Rs 50 a litre mark for the first time.The decision immediately drew howls of protest and demands for rollback from parties across the political spectrum, including UPA allies such as Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee . But the West Bengal chief minister also made it clear that she would not rock the UPA boat.Consumers too voiced their anguish even as they thronged petrol pumps for a \"cheaper\" tank-up one last time. Police had to be called in to control the spiraling queues in many pumps in Hyderabad and elsewhere.The announcement of price revision came while oil minister S Jaipal Reddy is away in Turkmenistan to attend a ceremony for signing a four-nation gas pipeline deal. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee laid the onus of the hike on oil marketeers. \"The decision has been taken. Petrol is a deregulated commodity,\" he said.The government had freed petrol prices in June 2010 when crude came down to around $40 a barrel from a historic high of $147 per barrel in July 2008. But in practice, oil companies do not move without a signal from the parent oil ministry which officially continues to deny any control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13422452", "title": "Outsiders not welcome in Dhanbad village after dusk", "text": "SINDRI: 'Atithi Devo Bhavah' (Guest is God) is one of the guiding principles of Indian culture and ethos. But Dardaha, a tribal village in Baliapur block of Dhanbad district is a place where no outsiders are allowed after dusk. The tribesmen believe that outsiders staying back overnight in the village will not survive the next day.According to Vimal Marandi, the sexagenarian JMM leader from the village, \"This is a tradition going on from time immemorial. We do not want to put anyone in danger so persons visiting the village are cordially advised to leave the village before dusk,\" he added.According to the villagers, the village deity does not allow anyone to stay in the village during night hours. \"We strictly follow the diktats of the Manjhi Haram (village priest) and his assistant Nayaki Haram,\" they informed, adding that women who come home to their native from their in-laws' house pay obeisance to the deity before entering their respective homes. Villagers seek the blessings of the deity by offering a 'Lota' (vessel) full of water before entering or leaving the village, they informed. There are nearly 500 households in the village, divided into eight tolas but there is no dispute between them and they follow the same tradition.As the story goes, more than a hundred years ago some one dared to put up in the village all night. His neck was found badly screwed the next morning. If villagers are to be believed, when someone from a nearby village tries to build a house on the village land, the wall constructed in the day gets decimated in the night automatically. Even outsiders crossing the village on cycles or bikes during night time have had eerie experiences.\"We are not against any person or community and have never asked anyone to stay away from the village\", said Ishwar Marandi, the Baliapur block committee president of JMM. It is a tradition that no outsider can put up in the village during night hours, he added. The villagers do not believe in idol worship and worships nature in its many forms. We have never interfered with the traditions of other communities so the question of allowing anybody to point a finger at our tradition does not arise, he said while replying to a query on whether anyone from the administration ever tried to convince villagers to shun such superstitious belief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13428695", "title": "Ghariyal eggs being saved in habitat for hatching", "text": "BHOPAL: For the first time since 2008, in habitat (in situ) conservation of critically endangered ghariyals (gavialis gangeticus) of Chambal has been revived. More than 100 ghariyals had died in the downstream of the Chambal river from December 2007 to March 2008 dealing a blow to the conservation programme of the crocodile species being carried out in the National Chambal Ghariyal Wildlife sanctuary, forcing the experts to intensify off site(ex situ) conservation programme. The sanctuary in the state is the only place in India having a sizeable number of ghariyals.This decision was taken on March 12 this year at an interstate meeting of the Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan where the sanctuary is spread, says RS Sikarwar, district forest officer (DFO) Morena. The meeting held in Bharatpur in Rajasthan was also attended by the experts of Wildlife Institute of India (WII), he said.The meeting also decided to prepare a Generic Management Plan for the conservation of the ghariyals.For the in habitat conservation, the ghariyals eggs are being protected in the habitat itself so that the hatching takes place in the natural surroundings in the nests. Meanwhile, the ex-situ conservation is on with lesser number of eggs.\"I collected only 200 eggs of ghariyals last week from the Nadi Gaon, Ater and Baroli areas of Chambal,\" says Dr R K Sharma, the research officer of the sanctuary housing the ghariyals and endangered river Ganges dolphins. Ever since the tragedy in 2007-2008, Sharma had been collecting as many as 500 eggs every year for off site conservation. These eggs were being hatched at the Deori hatching centre of the sanctuary in Morena.April-May is the time when eggs are laid. They are collected and are brought to the hatchery in Deori. The eggs are hatched scientifically by placing them beneath the sand brought from the Chambal. Once eggs are hatched and baby ghariyals come out, they are released in the river when they are about 1.20 metres in length.On an average, 2,500 eggs are laid in March on Chambal river sand in Madhya Pradesh Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.The survival rate of ghariyals, when eggs are left in natural environs, is low. Only around two% of them are saved. In the ex-situ conservation, the rate of survival is more, and 40 to 50% ghariyals are saved, Dr RK Sharma research officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13421066", "title": "22-year-old found murdered in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 22-year-old man was found on an open space near D-Mart on Malad Link Road on Wednesday. The deceased, Pradeep Yadav, had a seven-inch deep injury on his forehead. Cops are now awaiting the post-mortem report to find out whether he was shot or stabbed with a sharp weapon.The police found a note in Yadav's pocket which said that if he was found dead, his cellphone should be checked. An audio clip was then found on his phone. \"The clip is 12 minutes long and some sounds, resembling threats, can be heard. We are now checking his call records to find out who all he spoke to before he was killed,\" an official said. Yadav had studied till Class XII and was employed in a shipping company. \"He moved to Mumbai from Uttar Pradesh three years ago and used to stayed in Kandivli with some relatives who run a local school,\" said an officer.\"His relatives had gone to their hometown in UP. When they returned on May 11, they noticed that Yadav had moved out. An ATM card and cash was missing from the house and some belongings in their cupboard seemed out of place.\"Yadav's relatives called him up and asked him to return home to stay with them, but he did not do so. His relatives were unaware where he had put up at the time. On Wednesday, the relatives were informed about Yadav's body being found around 8 am.Police officials said the deceased was clad in a pair of jeans and a shirt. Two cellphones were found on him. A case of murder under section 302 of Indian Penal Code has been registered against an unidentified person by the Malad police.The police found a note in Yadav's pocket which said that if he was found dead, his cellphone should be checked. An audio clip was then found on his phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422024", "title": "Salon owner to weave hair on cancer patients without charging profits", "text": "VADODARA: Hair weaving has become a common practice for cosmetic purposes and people spend large amounts to get it done. But a hair dresser in the city has decided to do so for cancer patients without charging any profit or charges for doing the procedure and will charge only for the material.Arvind Limbachiya, a hairdresser having his salon in the Sayajigunj area of the city, has started providing the facility to cancer patients as they lose hair drastically if they undergo chemotherapy. Limbachiya started the service as his father too was suffering from lung cancer and had lost his hair due to chemotherapy.According to Limbachiya, he found it difficult to come to terms with the fact that his father Ishwarbhai who too was a hair dresser would lose all his hair. \"When we learnt the technique, we decided to help cancer patients,\" Limbachiya said.The material for hair weaving, Limbachiya said, costs anywhere between Rs 8,000 and Rs 1 lakh depending on whether it is imported or Indian and also on quality and quantity that is required to cover the bald portion. Also, hair dressers charge any amount between Rs 2,000 to Rs 6,000 to do the procedure.Limbachiya has decided to waive his charges and take money only for the material. He has already done so for a woman from the Ampad village near the city who had undergone chemotherapy. Limbachiya said that he would do so for all who approach him irrespective of them being they are rich or poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13423902", "title": "Builder murdered at Kasarwadi", "text": "PUNE: City-based builder Surendra Sumatilal Shah (55), a resident of Subhashnagar, was murdered by unidentified assailants near Varun hotel in Kasarwadi on Wednesday at about 2.30 pm.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said that Shah, proprietor of a city-based construction company, was killed due to a land dispute. The disputed open land is located near the Kasarwadi railway gate. According to the police, a dispute broke out between the land owner and the builder over the issue of developing the land.Deputy commissioner of police Rajesh Bansode (crime) said that investigations have revealed that the assailants attacked Shah with sharp weapons while he was walking towards his car after attending a meeting at his Kasarwadi office. The assailants fled after the incident and the police have so far not come across any eye witnesses in the case. \"We will make a break through very soon,\" he added.Senior police inspector Sudhir Aspat of the Bhosari police station said the police have launched a man hunt for the assailants on the basis of information collected after the incident. No arrests were made till Wednesday night.Inspector Mohan Vidhate of Pune crime branch (unit III) is conducting parallel investigations in the case. The victim's family has registered a murder complaint against the assailants under section 302 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13423913", "title": "Govt orders inquiry into Harmalkar's suicide", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa additional collector Amarsen Rane will inquire into the death of PWD contractor Vishwas Harmalkar and submit a report within five days to the government.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"It appears to me that his financial problem resulted from kickbacks. I don't know for certain but this is what I've heard. He paid kickbacks so as to get the order.\"Harmalkar committed suicide last Friday and in a note said that delay in payments from PWD for works completed had led him to end his life.Parrikar also said PWD is not aware of how much it owes contractors. \"For the last two months I have been behind PWD to give me the sum they owe but they are not able to provide me the details,\" the chief minister said.Harmalkar's close family members have blamed PWD for his death. His brothers alleged that corruption in the department led to Harmalkar, 57, taking his life.The delay in payments led Harmalkar to mortgage some land valued at 45 lakh in Patantali-Ponda to secure an overdraft of 15 lakh and also seek a loan against fixed deposits.PWD officials said his pending bill was 36.28 lakh and that it was highly unlikely that Harmalkar committed suicide due to unpaid bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429121", "title": "Ministry waiting for bribe to OK irrigation contract?", "text": "NAGPUR: In another instance of work on irrigation projects in the region being stalled without political blessings, construction of a canal for the much-touted Gosikhurd dam has not begun even two years after the contractor bagged the deal.The bid for building an offshoot canal on left bank of the dam was approved in 2009-10, but work order has not been issued till May 2012. Work order is issued by the irrigation ministry, and allows the bidder to start the construction.The contract had been allotted to M/s Chakradeo Constructions, but the work order is yet to be issued from the irrigation minister's office. After the ministry gives a go-ahead, the agency - Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) in this case - issues an identification number and the job begins. In normal course, work orders are issued within three months of the tender being approved.Shirish Chakradeo, the firm's proprietor, claims that VIDC or the ministry have not given any official reason for the delay. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar held the portfolio when the tender was approved. \"I have written letters to the ministry but there was no response from Pawar or his successor, Sunil Tatkare,\" says Chakradeo. His bid had been at around 2.5% mark up on the estimated price. Normally, bids go as high as 5% above the estimate.VIDC executive director Prafulchandra Zapke refused to comment on the case, saying that the concerned contractor only would have the answer.Sources in VIDC say that work orders are issued within 90 days, and a delay of a fortnight or so is acceptable, but it is certainly flouting the norms if the order has not been issued for a year or more. The practice of work orders being issued by the ministry started in 2005, after a letter was circulated during Ajit Pawar's regime to follow this practice.Close to 30 tenders of other contractors too were stranded at the minister's office, but the orders were issued between six months to a year ago. Sources say even these contractors had marked up their rates below the standard 5% level.\"The orders were not issued as we did not follow the right procedure,\" said one of them with an oblique reference to the political bosses.Contractors admit, only on condition of anonymity, that the practice of marking up bids by around 5% is a means to recover money paid as graft. So, if the tender is marked up by around 2%, that much can be spared for a kickback. No contractor pays such graft from his own pocket.In the normal course, profits are assured even at the estimated price, which is normally revised after negotiations with VIDC. One of the contractors, whose work order took six months to be issued, said after negotiations the bid was approved at the estimated rates. \"That was enough to earn a reasonable profit, but nothing could be spared for a kickback. However, we finally gave in and paid from our own pockets. One after other, all other work orders have been released, only Chakradeo seems to be holding out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13436731", "title": "Google didn\u2019t infringe Oracle patents: Judge", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google, the largest Web search provider, didn't infringe Oracle's patents in developing Android software, a federal jury found in the second phase of an intellectual-property trial in San Francisco .The 10-person jury ruled unanimously today that neither of the two patents at issue was infringed. Jurors found May 7 that Google infringed Oracle's copyrights and deadlocked on whether it was \"fair use,\" denying Oracle the ability to seek as much as $1 billion in damages from the search engine company. Last year Oracle said copyright damages could amount to $6 billion.The patent phase of the trial was less important than the copyright issues because the patents were worth much less, said Brian Love, an intellectual-property attorney and teaching fellow at Stanford Law School. Still, the jury finding today underscored how the trial went against Oracle, he said.\"This case is maybe something like a near disaster for Oracle,\" Love said in a phone interview. The company may be limited to seeking about $150,000, the most allowed by law, for copyright infringement, the presiding judge in the case has said.'Couple of days' \"That potentially is not enough to cover what they are spending over a couple of days\" in legal fees during the trial, Love said.US District Judge William Alsup said he may issue a ruling next week on whether Oracle's Java application programming interfaces, software tools at the heart of the case, can be copyrighted. A ruling that they can't would be another blow to Oracle, while a ruling for Oracle would revive the company's ability to seek large damages.Alsup also must rule on Oracle's request for a patent judgment in its favor based on his reading of the evidence, and Google's request for a new trial on copyright infringement.Immediately after the verdict was announced, the judge dismissed the jury from the case and canceled the third phase of the trial over damages.Oracle, the largest maker of database software, alleged Google stole two patents for the Java programming language when it developed Android, which now runs on more than 300 million smartphones. In the first phase of the trial, the same jury found the search engine company infringed Oracle's Java copyrights while it couldn't agree on whether the copying was \"fair use.\"'A victory' \"Today's jury verdict that Android does not infringe Oracle's patents was a victory not just for Google but the entire Android ecosystem,\" Catherine Lacavera, Google's director of litigation, said in an e-mailed statement.Google and Oracle's experts had estimated damages for both patents at $3 million to $4 million if the jury found infringement.\"Oracle presented overwhelming evidence at trial that Google knew it would fragment and damage Java,\" Deborah Hellinger, a spokeswoman for Oracle, said in an e-mail after the verdict. \"We plan to continue to defend and uphold Java's core write-once run-anywhere principle and ensure it is protected for the nine million Java developers and the community that depend on Java compatibility.\"Jury foreman Greg Thompson , 52, said today that during deliberations he alone among the 10 jurors thought that Google infringed Java patents. After almost six days of discussions, said he was persuaded by other panel members to change his vote.Jury foreman The jury lost two members over the course of the six-week trial. Thompson said he alone voted that Google's use of Java copyrights didn't constitute fair use early in deliberations in the copyright phase. Eventually he convinced two other jurors and the jury deadlocked after nine members voted that Google made fair use of the copyrights, he said.\"The more tech-savvy a person is, the more difficult it is to persuade them about what limitations should be placed on technology,\" Thompson said in an interview after the trial.Handing patent cases to juries is \"always a mixed bag,\" Love said.Google rose $8.66 to $609.46 at 4:02 p.m. in New York trading after spiking as much as 0.7 per cent when the verdict was announced. Oracle climbed 32 cents to $26.68.The case is Oracle vs Google, 10-3561, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13421761", "title": "Nashik: Over 1,600 seats remained vacant for XI standard last year", "text": "NASHIK: During the last academic year, 1,634 seats in class XI remained vacant, with students and their parents preferring to rush to a few reputed educational institutions, according to statistics procured from the office of the deputy director of education for higher secondary studies.Last year, 35 colleges in the city had a capacity of 17,960 seats. But only 16,326 students took admissions while 1,634 seats remained vacant.Next month the results of SSC Board Exams will be declared and parents and their wards will rush to colleges for admissions. But the officials of the education department said that students want to take admission in well-known colleges which is why many seats remain vacant in lesser known colleges while there is no vacancy in the well-known colleges.In Nashik district, there are 165 colleges amongst which 91 colleges are permanently non-grant and one does not have grant but can be considered for sanctioning grant, informed the education officials. \"These 91 colleges are permanently non-grant colleges meaning these will never get grant. But the application of one college that does not have grant could be considered for it,\" informed deputy director of education, Tukaram Supe.These 165 colleges have a capacity of 15,040 students but last year only 5,115 students took admission, leaving 9,d925 seats vacant. The officials said that students prefer taking admission in well-known colleges and when the seats get full, the students go out of the city for studying. Some also take admission for diploma.Last year, in KTHM College 120 seats were vacant, in BYK College three, in HPT Arts and RYK Science College it was 85, in SMRK 193, in Bhonsala Military College of Commerce it was 141 while in its science wing it was 15, in VN Naik College it was 20, in Loknete Vyankatrao Hiray College (Panchavati) it was 0, in Shantaram Bapu Wavre College 30 seats were vacant, in GD Sawant College 118 seats were vacant. And these are just few of the colleges that had vacant seats among the 35 colleges.The officials explain that vacancy in well-known colleges is only due to the fact that the cut off percentage in these colleges for admissions is on the higher side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422298", "title": "M S University gold medalist's short documentary screened at Cannes", "text": "VADODARA: She obtained a gold medal in MSc from M S University (MSU), but now she has struck gold with a short film. A film directed by US-based Vidyut Latay, who studied at Rosary School and went on to bag gold medal in MSc statistics from MSU, is being screened at the prestigious Cannes film festival's Short Film Corner.Latay's movie 'Beyond Silence' - a short documentary of 15 minutes duration - was made with an intention of understanding the perspective of deaf people in India. \"India, a country with more than a billion people, lacks the basic infrastructure and social consciousness to accommodate the 'voices' of deaf people,\" says Latay, who passed MSc in 1999.While the excellent academic performance would have made many sit back and make a career using the degree, Latay went to Pune to study communication as she was interested in storytelling, writing and was keen on making it a profession. After masters degree in communication from Pune, she did an MA in radio and television from San Francisco State University, US.\"I was always interested in story-telling, I liked to write and somewhere wanted to make my passion of story telling into my profession. Film making is the only medium which directly connects you with people, their lives and lets you objectively interpret them in your own creative ways,\" Latay says.Latay has some interesting revelations regarding the condition of the deaf community in India. She said during the shooting of the documentary in 2008, the number of practising interpreters could be counted on finger tips. \"Even today there has been no substantial change in the number of interpreters available to deaf on a regular basis. There are no captions on television, no instructions at public places. There are no separate colleges or a university for deaf people,\" she said.In contrast, she says that while studying in San Francisco she saw an interpreter using sign language to interpret an address by the president of the university to a gathering of students. \"In all my years of living in India I had never ever witnessed any scene like that. I was a bit disturbed and very inquisitive to know more about why India had no acknowledgement of this language and the deaf community,\" she said adding that this was one of the trigger points to take up the topic.\"Having interpreters is their right, and they want the government and the public to support it. Sign language is their mother tongue and they want their own families, teachers and society to accept that,\" Latay added. Currently, she is working with Los Angeles-based organization 'Filmmakers Alliance' dedicated to the advancement of true independent films through community action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13425115", "title": "Rs 7.50 fuel price hike angers people across Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city reacted with seething anger to the unprecedented Rs 7.50 hike in the price of petrol on Wednesday night. Long, serpentine queues were found outside petrol pumps as people flocked to fill up their tanks with fuel, which many said had become as expensive as gold.While some blamed the government's flawed policies for the desperate situation we are in, others felt that it was time that we come up with some viable options for alternative s to petrol. With the increasing consumption of petrol year after year, if no alternatives are identified, the situation could get a lot worse.\"We are speechless. I have no comments. We are in this situation because of the government's flawed policy,\" said V Srinivasan, a city-based advocate. \"This is because of the fall of the Euro. Everyone is converting Euros into dollars. When we had a dollar reserve we did nothing about it. Now we are facing the heat,\" said S Suryanarayanan, a city-based businessman.\"The government has placed a huge burden on the people. This is like an invisible hand. We cannot remove it. Inflation rates have shot up. This is because of the flawed new liberalisation polices followed post 1990s. Besides, the government only cares for the oil companies and not for the common man,\" said S Balamurugan, state secretary, People's Union for Civil Liberties.He said that the price hike was against the directive principles of the constitution. \"It is said in the directive principles of the Constitution that the government through its policies will strive to bridge the gap between the rich and the poor. This petrol hike will only make the poor poorer and increase the gap,\" said Balamurugan.\"Even if the price of petrol shoots up to Rs 100, we are forced to buy it as we have no other alternative. We should seriously look at alternative fuels. The state government should consider bringing down the tax on petrol,\" said C Boopathy, a farmer.There are 10 of us in the field and we travel throughout the day to collect samples from hospitals.Our company has to spend Rs 750 more on our travel now. When this cost is transferred to the patient, health care becomes even more expensive. The government must roll back this hike --- Gowsigan G, microbiologist and quality manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427922", "title": "Bangalore techie may have committed suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: HP employee S Srirag (24), whose body was found wrapped in duct tape in his car in Bangalore on Tuesday, may have committed suicide, sources in the state Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) said. But doctors and cops find this theory a little far-fetched.Srirag's body was found on the backseat of his Volkswagen Polo car. His head was shrouded in four plastic covers secured around his neck with 20 layers of duct tape. More tape wrapped his body in 12 layers at eight places below the waist.FSL sources said though they started with the assumption that it was a case of murder, evidence suggested it could be suicide. But they are yet to arrive at a final conclusion.They listed the evidence which supports the suicide theory. \"There are no fingerprints other than Srirag's either on his body or anywhere in the car. The water in the 1-litre bottle in the car's boot was laced with Gardenal, a very powerful sedative. At least 50 pills were dissolved in the water and Srirag seems to have consumed at least half of it,\" a source said. \"Though the victim tied his hands with duct tape, they were loosely bound, with enough room to move them. Besides, a duct tape roll was found in the car.''FSL sources said there were no signs of any struggle on the body. They said that Srirag may have taped himself below his waist first, consumed the sedative, put the plastic covers on his head and secured them with tape around his neck before suffocating to death. \"It is unconventional but our investigation points to this. We will definitely reexamine all issues before submitting the final report.''Police officers have not ruled out the murder angle. \"We have not got any intimation from FSL. We are exploring the murder angle at the moment,\" said Bangalore (east) DCP T G Krishna Bhat.Countering the suicide theory, doctors said that it is impossible for a person to consume so much sedative and be in his senses to wrap himself with tape. \"Gardenal is a powerful sedative used to treat epilepsy. An overdose could put the person in a pre-comatose state within no time, suppressing his central nervous system,\" said Dr B Ramana Rao, senior consultant physician.A top IPS officer also said on condition of anonymity that the suicide theory does not hold water.There is a love angle that has emerged in the case. On Monday, Srirag is believed to have sent an SMS to his girlfriend that he was committing suicide. Police said he was in a virtual relationship with a girl he met through the internet. There were some problems which may have led him to take the extreme step, they added. Police are yet to question the woman, who is employed with an IT company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13427100", "title": "Pension 'adalat' to be organised in July, August", "text": "BANGALORE: A Pension Adalat for the half year (ending June 30, 2012) will be held in July/August in the office of chief postmaster general, Karnataka Circle.Pensioners with grievances can submit their representations to BS Chadrashekhara, assistant director (personnel and public relations), office of the chief postmaster general, Karnataka Circle, Bangalore - 560216, on or before June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13425012", "title": "Teenagers caught with revolver in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Gun-runners in Howrah are using high-school students as carriers. This came to light after two teenagers were arrested with an improvised revolver from Saheb Bagan field in the Malipanchghara police station area on Tuesday evening. The two boys were produced before a court in Howrah and remanded in 14 days' judicial custody.The two - one of whom is a Class-XII student of a reputable English-medium school in Howrah - told police that they had been given the weapon for delivery to another person. Officers suspect that the racket has been going on for long and students have been used so as not to arouse suspicion.This came to light after the arrest of two youngsters with an improvised revolver from the Saheb Bagan field in the Malipanchghara police station area on Tuesday evening. The two - one of whom is a Class-XII student of a reputable English-medium school in Howrah - told the cops that they had been given the weapon for delivery to another person. Officers suspect that the racket has been going on for long and students have been used so as not to arouse suspicion.On Tuesday evening, officers of the Howrah City Police's detective department raided a part of the field and nabbed the two youths. They were carrying a black schoolbag which had some books. Under the books, the officers found an improvised six-chamber revolver and two .38 calibre cartridges.\"The Class-XII student is barely 18 years old. His father works in a private company. The other boy is about 19 and studied up to Class VIII. Both live in the Golabari area and are very good friends. During interrogation, they claimed that the gun was not theirs. They had received it from somebody else. It is clear that they are part of a racket involved in gun-running. They did not bring the gun into Howrah but were hired to supply it to somebody else,\" a police officer said. Based on the clues provided by the two, police are trying to nab the kingpin. Officers are not sure whether the firearm was made somewhere in the state or brought in from Bihar , which is a source for such weapons. An effort is also on to track down the receiver and find out for what purpose he required the revolver. After sustained interrogation, the two boys were produced before a court in Howrah and remanded in 14 days in judicial custody. They have been charged under the Arms Act, the police said.\"We were aware of guns being smuggled to criminals. We also knew that youngsters may have been used but they had managed to give us the slip for quite some time. We acted on a tip-off on Tuesday and nabbed the duo,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13428104", "title": "For Chandrapur farmers, it\u2019s Rs 10 lakh/acre &amp; a job for kin", "text": "MUMBAI: For 480-odd farmers of Virur village in Chandrapur district, it was a pleasant surprise and a big relief when Coal India Ltd hiked the compensation for land acquisition from Rs 44,000 to Rs 10 lakh per acre and also offered job to a family member. The company will now shell out around Rs 125 crore to these farmers for acquiring 1,497 hectare for exploration of coal blocks.Though the state government had fixed a meager amount and did not notify a higher price for rehabilitation and resettlement , the company followed the Chhattisgarh model to give higher compensation to farmers.\"The decision will help farmers from Nagpur, Chandrapur and Yavatmal districts where the company is in the process of land acquisition,\" Lok Sabha member from Chandrapur Hansraj Ahir told TOI. Ahir said for a decade after he became the MP, he had been taking up the issue of higher compensation to farmers with the company and successive coal ministries.\"We were instrumental in stalling land acquisition for 33 mines in the Chandrapur-Yavatmal belt. Now, as part of the new policy, the company has agreed to pay Rs 8 lakh for non-irrigated land and Rs 10 lakh for land under irrigation. It has also agreed to provide job to one member of a family,\" Ahir said.He said after Chhattisgarh notified its land acquisition police, they had taken it up with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan but received lukewarm response. \"In the meeting of MPs, I was assured that the issue of payment of compensation will be placed before the cabinet and a notification will be issued. However, only a letter was sent to the coal company,\" Ahir said.The decision to pay higher compensation for acquiring land assumes significance since a large number of projects in Maharashtra, particularly in the Konkan region, have been stuck due to dispute over acquisition process and compensation. According to a senior industries department official, over 200 major projects have failed to take off due to strong protest against land acquisition.\"We are all waiting for the new relief and rehabilitation and land acquisition policy. Maharashtra government has already expressed reservations on the proposed policy. We expect, once the policy is out, there should be faster industrial development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/vadodara", "code": "13422224", "title": "Kenya keen to replicate Punsari model", "text": "AHMEDABAD/VADODARA: A 14-member Kenyan delegation led by chairman of Nairobi-based Gulf African Bank Suleiman Shahbal visited Punsari village near Himmatnagar.The delegates took a round of the village, which boasts of mini-bus transport system, reverse osmosis plant 25-odd CCTVs to spot litterbugs and wi-fi connectivity. They were impressed with the development works carried out in this village. The delegation is a on a week-long visit to Gujarat.Shahbal told mediapersons there that he had not seen such development in any village in the countries that he has visited so far. \"I want to replicate Punsari model in Kenyan villages, most of which are still underdeveloped,\" he said.They also interacted with nearly 200 members of sakhi mandals in the village. The delegation left villagers impressed too by singing national anthem Jana Gana Mana.Shahbal also extended an invitation to the village sarpanch Himanshu Patel to share his experience of making Punsari a model village.They also savoured the traditional Gujarati food that included sweets like kaju katri and shrikhand, chappatis, buttermilk, dal, rice and two subjis. The villagers then presented them with a Gandhiji's charkha and idols of the Mahatma. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13421931", "title": "Locals block highway over water scarcity", "text": "NASHIK: The political rivalry between the present and past sarpanchs of Shinde village resulted in a rasta-roko on the Nashik-Pune highway on Tuesday.The stir was a mode used to highlight the woes of villagers facing water scarcity. Sources said that the agitation was a result of rivalry between sarpanch Vijay Sable and his bete noire, Sanjay Tungar. Though Sable claimed that the agitation was the handiwork of his opponents, Tungar however termed the agitation spontaneous.Highway traffic came to a screeching halt after a group of women blocked the road. \" There has been no water supply for the past four days in the village of nearly 15,000 citizens,\" cried Savita Patil, a woman in the group.The agitation lasted for an hour. Speaking to TOI, Sable, claimed that the water supply was well-managed in the village and that in fact there was some issue with the Bharat Nirman project, the money for which had been siphoned off. \"We have been demanding an inquiry into the project and that is why a political opponent, who was defeated in the last elections has instigated village women to take to the streets and distract citizens,\" Sable claimed.Tungar claimed that the agitation was spontaneous which is why the irate women who hadn't received water supply for the past several days, vented their fury on the streets. \"Why should we instigate somebody for action? The women themselves protested against the issue. The water supply immediately resumed after the agitation. Why did that happen?\" Tungar questioned.Sable said that the electric motor, that pumped water into the tank had malfunctioned and once fixed water supply was resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13423182", "title": "Railways seeks NGO help to provide water to passengers", "text": "RANCHI: Passengers travelling in trains passing through the Ranchi railway division of South Eastern Railway need not worry about availability of potable water even during peak summer months.To ensure adequate availability of potable water at the stations, the divisional office has engaged NGOs to assist the regular employees. One NGO - Bharat Sevashram Sangh - started the work at Ranchi and Hatia station from Wednesday.Senior divisional commercial manager K S Mukherjee said that keeping in mind manpower shortage and increased demand for potable water for passengers till the arrival of monsoon, it was decided that NGOs should be engaged.\"We have requested NGOs including the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Marwari Yuva Manch to join hands with the railways in the interest of masses who will otherwise face problem of getting potable water. One NGO has started distribution work at the stations and others are likely to join us within a couple of days,\" he said adding that the railways would ensure availability of quality of water. The NGOs will only provide manpower for distribution of water and it will be used by the railways according to requirement.Mukherjee said the divisional office would also install water coolers at important railway stations of the division. In the first phase, water coolers will be installed at Hatia, Ramgarh, Lohardaga and Muri. Ranchi station has already a chilling plant that supplies cool water directly to the water taps on platforms. \"In the second phase, we will install water cooler at all stations which have tap water facility,\" he added.To ensure availability of safe water at smaller stations and halts, which do not have tap water system in place and have to depend on tube wells, the engineers and health employees have been asked to do a quality check. \"We have asked the engineers to check the tube wells and get the water tested by health department staff so that passengers do not face difficulty during the summer months,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13422111", "title": "72-year-old woman murdered in Shiyabaug", "text": "VADODARA: A 72-year-old woman staying in Old City area was brutally murdered at her residence on Wednesday evening. Savitri Sharma's body was found from her home in Bordi Faliya in Shiyabaug when her maid tried to enter the house at 6 pm.The maid found Sharma's body lying in pool of blood. The cops suspect that she was killed by unidentified persons with intention of loot. Her husband Ghanshyam Sharma was away when the incident occurred. \"Prima facie it seems that it happened with intention of loot. But we are trying to dig out more details,\" Navapura police inspector C B Rathod said. The woman was hit in her head with some heavy object by the assailants.The incident happened between 10 am and 6 pm when Savitri was alone at home. The kitchen in her house was in complete mess and her clothes and other articles were lying on the floor. What surprised the cops is that the murder occurred in a busy area and no one got a whiff of if. Her son stays at Manjalpur and Savitri used to work as tailor for a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13429060", "title": "RTO tightens rules for licence, registration", "text": "NAGPUR: Sanket Bhad on Wednesday went to Regional Transport Office (RTO) at Giripeth with his father to procure a learner's licence. However, he faced disappointment as RTO officials refused to take his application. Sanket has attached a telephone bill as address proof and his application form was also complete.His was not the only case. These days students and others wanting a learner's licence and seniors applying for renewal or vehicle registration are facing similar problems. They have to run from pillar to post as official refused to take telephone bills as address proofs and applications with incomplete documents.A senior RTO official confirmed that they no longer accept affidavits or telephone bills as a proof of residence. \"We are now demanding copies of electricity bill, passport, Voter-ID or Aadhar card. We ask for at least two proofs of residence and unless the officer ascertains that the applicant is a resident of Nagpur city or rural area, the application is not accepted,\" he stated.\"In case of learner's licence, details about workplace of father such as company ID card and their actual presence before RTO official is also mandatory,\" the official informed. All the information regarding documents required has been displayed on the board outside RTO office.The RTO has also tightened its rules for dispatching driving licences. \"If the address mentioned in the application does not exist or if the applicant is unable to furnish proof to postal staff at the time of delivery, the licence is revoked,\" said the official.RTO has also got stricter while registering new vehicles in a bid to check bogus and unscrupulous applicants in the city, the official said. Henceforth, there will be two to three levels of checks at the time of application followed by verification of addresses by the postal department during delivery of RC books. The postal department staff has also been asked to check whether the car owner actually resides at the address mentioned and that the house belongs to him. If not, the RC books are returned to RTO which will cancel it in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13439461", "title": "Modi gets the better of Gadkari, Sanjay Joshi quits BJP national executive", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the resignation of Sanjay Joshi, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has assured BJP chief Nitin Gadkari that he will arrive here for the national executive. With Modi and Gadkari sparring over the contentious Joshi, who Modi was completely against and yet Gadkari had rehabilitated in the party, relations between the Gujarat strongman and the party chief had dipped to great low.On the Thursday, after Joshi's resignation, Gadkari announced that he has spoken Modi who has assured the party chief that he will arrive in Mumbai later in the day.Even before the BJP national executive took off here on Thursday, party chief Nitin Gakari had to therefore concede defeat to the BJP strongman.With the two leaders sparring over former general secretary Sanjay Joshi's re-entry into the party, Joshi had to resign on Wednesday night from his membership of the national executive which is the 300-odd member highest decision making body of the party. Joshi handed over his resignation to Gadkari after a meeting of office bearers here on Wednesday, where he had also been called.With Modi completely opposed to Joshi, Gadkari's RSS backed move to not just re-induct Joshi into the party but to even honour him with important assignments like strategizing for the Uttar Pradesh elections, created a rift between the two top leaders that seemed difficult to resolve.However, with the UP elections turning out to be a disaster for BJP and therefore the Gadkari-Joshi team, the party finally had to fall in line with Modi rather than its chief. With the Mumbai executive expected to endorse an extenstion of Gadkari's term as party chief, Joshi's resignation is surely a setback for Gadkari, whose authority has been questioned.As for Joshi, it was the Mumbai executive of the party in December 2005, that saw him fall from grace and the power structure in the party, when a CD surfaced in the middle of the executive meeting, that showed him in a compromising position with a woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13424834", "title": "Wife moves court against hubby for hiding HIV status", "text": "IMPHAL: A 20-year-old woman in Imphal filed a criminal case against her husband for hiding his HIV status and forcibly marrying her. She has now contracted the disease. The accused, a constable with Manipur police, was arrested and later released on bail.The woman claimed she was drugged by the cop at a tea stall in Patsoi in 2007. When she regained consciousness, she was told that she had 'eloped' with him. She was finally forced into marriage in January, 2010. Later, she found documents in his diary that showed he was HIV positive.When the cop found out his wife was aware of his HIV status, he thrashed her and locked her in a room for three days without food. The ordeal continued with her in-laws also torturing her.She, however, managed to wriggle out of her husband's clutches and fled to her parent's house in Imphal West. She got her blood sample examined at an Imphal lab in February and tested positive for HIV, she said.The woman told the chief judicial magistrate, Imphal West, that she was forced to marry a man who hid his HIV status and now, she was a victim of the disease. She also charged him and his in-laws with torture.Human rights lawyer Rakesh Meihoubam said this is the first of its kind in Manipur and second in the country. In Delhi, a woman filed a criminal case against her husband for transmitting HIV without her knowledge, but the case didn't move forward as the husband died of AIDS. Till March 2011, 698 people have died of HIV/AIDS in Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13425313", "title": "High court pulls up woman councillor for role in land deal", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked a woman councillor representing ward no. 41 in Chennai Corporation, not to interfere with the possession of a land at Tiruvalluvar Nagar in Korukkupet here.A vacation bench comprising Justice V Dhanapalan and Justice B Rajendran gave the interim direction, on a public interest writ petition filed by the Tiruvalluvar Nagar Veettu Urimaiyalar Sangam (residents welfare association), on Wednesday.In his petition, the sangam president P Chockalingam contended that the residents' association was in possession of the land since 1998 to construct a community hall. In June last, the councillor removed the board by force in order to grab the land, the petition said. It further said that a complaint was lodged with the RK Nagar police, who had advised both parties to keep off the land. Nothing that the land was needed for a public purpose, the PIL wanted the court to restrain the councillor and others from interfering its possession by the residents' association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13423628", "title": "Government to keep watch on Gumla development work", "text": "GUMLA: Now the district administration will strengthen two village panchayats for better execution of various development schemes by the panchayat representatives. This was decided in a brainstorming meet chaired by deputy commissioner Rahul Sharma and attended by senior district and Unicef officials on Wednesday.In these selected panchayats, a report card will be prepared periodically to get complete information on the development work in at least five sectors, including education, health, nutrition, water, sanitation and employment, especially schemes under MGNREGA.Presiding over the meet, Sharma asked the officials to first prepare a format wherein all required details will be filled in from time to time. At the initial stage, two village panchayats will be selected for supervision of work. Mukhiyas and ward members will undergo a capacity enhancement training which will help them in delivering their duties effectively. The report card will be displayed at the panchayat building the report card would be updated on a quarterly basis, the DC said.Panchayat report card will help prioritize issues at hand, the state project officer of Unicef, Soumen Ray said, adding it will be handy for both panchayat representatives and government officials alike.If the new proposal meets success, the scheme will be implemented in other panchayats of the district, district planning officer JJB Tirkey said.The DC shared experience of his recent visit to Kerala villages with the officials while Ray who had accompanied him, showed a presentation of Kerala trip at the meeting which highlighted the advanced panchayat raj system, school, community health centre in Kerala villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13424086", "title": "No loss for Gujarat University: Trivedi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has gone into combat mode on the education department pulling up on the issue of incurring losses of Rs 2.67 crore after it prematurely withdrew from a fixed deposit of 100 crore during 2006-07 when the university.GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi said that there are no losses and in fact, the move had resulted in a profit of Rs 50 lakh. Trivedi on Wednesday said that the GU ordered a committee of 15 chartered accountants for an independent audit of the accounts. \"Once the committee submits its report, we'll submit it to the education department. There is no question of losses. In fact, accounts show that a profit of Rs 50 lakh was made,\" said Trivedi.It needs mention that GU chief accountant Minesh Shah was held responsible for withdrawing prematurely from the fixed deposit scheme. The issue came to light after an RTI application by Pradeep Prajapati.The latest confidential letter sent by the education department a few days ago has asked the vice chancellor to remove Shah from the post of chief accountant so that he does not meddle with the university records related to the case. The letter categorically states that the university's accounts department has caused a loss pertaining to interest and also pointed towards certain financial irregularities in the fixed deposit register.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13439578", "title": "Suryah\u2019s begins tomorrow", "text": "The wait is over for S J Suryah finally. The director-actor has finally returned to what he loves doing the most - direction. Interestingly Suryah will be scoring music for the film too. The film is titled Isai and that it will hit the floors tomorrow. He unveiled the cast and crew of the film.S J Suryah will be playing the lead role while newcomer Savithri has been picked as the heroine. Prakash Raj, Ganja Karuppu and MS Baskar form part of the cast.The highlight of the movie is that S J Suryah will be scoring music besides wielding the megaphone. Soundar Rajan will handle the cinematography and Antony the editing. Vaali will pen the lyrics and Victor Raj Pandian will be the producer.It is a musical-thriller and is sure to leave a mark with the masses, says Suryah. Sources say that the songs have come good and Suryah has come up with a half-a-dozen tunes for the movie.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-24"}
