{"city": "indore", "code": "12859578", "title": "BJP pressuring my husband to divorce me: Zaheda", "text": "INDORE: Interior designer Zaheda Parvez, prime accused in the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood, on Tuesday accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of pressurizing her husband Asad Pervez to divorce her. She said this to the media while being taken back to jail after producing her in the Special CBI Court here for hearing.The CBI special judge, Dr Shubra Singh, extended the judicial custody of Zaheda and four other accused in the case, her friend and co-accused Saba Farooqui, Saquib Ali 'Danger', the man who is alleged to have arranged the killers, and shooters Tabish and Irfan, till May 7.\"BJP is indulging in dirty games,\" said Zaheda in reply to a query on the reports about a divorce move on the part of her husband. \"The BJP is pressurizing Asad to keep away from me\", accused Zaheda. Taking a dig at the CBI for recording her statement at the Indore jail, the accused said that she did not trust the CBI officials any more. Zaheda alleged that the investigation was merely an eye wash.Zaheda and her friend Saba have been accusing BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh of being the 'mastermind' in the Shehla murder case. When asked why she has been taking Singh's name repeatedly, the accused said, \"Dhruv Narayan Singh can better explain this.\" Pleading innocence and being framed in the case, Zaheda claimed that she did not know the other accused, Saqib 'Danger,' Irfan and Tabish, and only saw them in court during the hearing.Earlier in the court, Zaheda and Saba pleaded before the court to give them permission to utilize their time in teaching the inmates. Replying to this, the judge, Dr Shubhra Singh, said they could do so on the directives of the jail authorities. The judge further said that it was up to jail authorities to take a decision on this matter.Meanwhile, Irfan once again pleaded to shift him to central jail from the district jail. However the plea was turned down by the court saying that the central jail did not have enough space. Irfan also complained that he was not provided with proper food and often have to face misbehaviour of the jail officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860916", "title": "Two flee from police custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two accused escaped from the custody of Delhi Police in the Moti Nagar area on Tuesday morning. The accused, who were notorious auto lifters, have been identified as Kuldeep and Ajay. The cops, however, caught a third accused, Vivek, while he was trying to flee. The accused were being taken for medical examination and were accompanied by three constables.Acharya Bikshu Hospital, where they were being taken, was overcrowded. They took advantage of the commotion and tried to melt into the crowd. The constables chased them and managed to nab Vivek. A case was registered and the constables were suspended, said a cop. An inquiry has been initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865065", "title": "33 judges moved, city vacancies filled", "text": "CHENNAI: Thirty-three district judges have been transferred to various courts across the state.Among those who have been transferred, nine judges from Chennai have been moved to other courts in the city. Six judgesfrom other districtshavebeen newly posted in Chennai and four judges have been moved out of the city.Sixteen new judges have been appointed through direct recruitment after they completed their training on April 28, 2012. Two of them, MD Sumathi and K H Elavazhan, have been posted as judges of the second and third additional city civil courts. K Dakshinamoorthy has been appointed judge, first additional city civil court, while S Rajagopalan, N Kaliyamoorthy and S Mohamed Abdahir have been moved to the fourth, sixth and seventh additional city civil courts respectively.While R Selvakumar and S Kannammal have been made judges of the X and XVI additional city civil courts, Meena Satheesh has been appointed judge of the Mahalir Neethimandram. P Ravindra Bose has been posted as XV additional judge while P Bhoopalan has been posted as the XIII additional judge for CBIcases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12861180", "title": "Intermediate IInd yr results: Telangana students sweep top ranks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students from Telangana districts bagged top ranks in the Intermediate examinations even as the overall pass percentage in the 10 districts dropped drastically this year, presumably due to the 45-day Sakala Janula Samme, which derailed the academic year.While PVG Sai Subrahmanyam, a student from Kothagudem, Khammam, secured the top rank (994 marks) in MPC (Maths, Physics and Chemistry), Atukula Rahul (989 marks) from Karimnagar secured the top score in BiPC (Biology, Physics and Chemistry).Five of the top six ranks in the state were bagged by students from Telangana districts. While A Jagadeesh from Khammam district got the second rank in MPC, the third rank was shared by Y Shravani and N Sushma from Vivekananda Nagar, Nalgonda district. In BiPC, B Santhoshi Rupa, a student from Nizampet in Hyderabad, scored the second rank. P Satya Prashanti, a student from West Godavari, secured the third rank in BiPC.Students who secured top ranks attributed their success to their hard work. A Rahul, the BiPC topper who comes from a poor family, said that he had put in 18 hours every day to bag a good score.Rahul's parents are agricultural labourers and he received financial support from the college to complete his Inter. \"I want to become a cardiologist and hope to get admission in Gandhi Medical College because I want to stay close to home,\" said Rahul. The first-rank holder in MPC stream, Subrahmanyam said that he wanted to pursue computer science engineering in BITS Pilani and would go on to write Union Public Service Commission exams. \"My father is a mathematics lecturer in the college where I studied and my mother is a school teacher. Both of them supported me and helped me with my preparation,\" said Subrahmanyam. Meanwhile, Santhoshi Rupa, the second-rank holder in BiPC, who hails from the city, said that she wanted to join Jawaharlal Institute of Post-graduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER) in Pondicherry for MBBS. \"I now hope to realise my dream of becoming a doctor,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12859187", "title": "Intermediate second year results 2012: Government college students prove their mettle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government colleges in the state have fared well in Intermediate examinations recording a pass percentage of 62, a few notches higher than the state's average of 58.43%. In most districts, more students from government colleges had cleared the public examination than students from private colleges. The performance of government colleges has improved as the previous year's pass percentage was 56%.In some districts, the pass percentage of government colleges is higher than that of the overall pass percentage in private colleges. For instance, in Adilabad, while 78% of the students in government colleges cleared the examination, the pass percentage of the district was stuck at 66, 10% lower than its previous year's performance. While government colleges in Medak district scored a pass percentage of 69, the district's overall pass percentage was 51. Government colleges in several other districts, including Chittoor (70%), Visakhapatnam (68%), Srikakulam (63%) and Karimnagar (63%) have fared well in Intermediate examinations this year.Some of the students who passed out with flying colours from government colleges this year said that they have got good scores as they concentrated more on their syllabus than competitive examinations. \"My teachers asked me to concentrate on languages as well as subjects to get good marks. I want to be an engineer and will appear for Eamcet in May,\" said S N Harsh, a student who scored 953 marks. Some of the students from government junior colleges who did well in the examinations, include Sudha Rani from Srikakulam district who scored 967 marks in MPC and U Srekanya from Nalgonda district who scored 941 marks in BPC.Government college lecturers said that students have performed well even after facing several odds, including poor infrastructure and a few permanent teachers. Out of the 820 government junior colleges in the state, about 265 do not have permanent buildings. Only around 4,000 permanent lectures are appointed as permanent faculty members in these colleges which require 12,000 faculty members.\"Government colleges in the state cater to the poorest of the poor who cannot afford even the lowest private college fee. The government should take better care in helping such students get good scores in Intermediate examinations. More infrastructure and permanent faculty members should be provided to government colleges,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, government junior college lecturers' association.BIE officials blamed private colleges for ignoring students who did not have the potential to become rank holders. \"Most private colleges in the state concentrate on students who can bag top ranks for them. Ignoring those who required special care and guidance is not a good education system,\" said a BIE official.Taking into consideration the performance of students from government junior colleges, the state government has decided to divert more funds to these colleges. \"We had diverted Rs 20 crore for the renovation of some of the government colleges last year. The government has decided to sanction more funds for these colleges,\" said K Parthasarathy, minister for secondary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12865027", "title": "Eight injured in two separate accidents in Ponda", "text": "Ponda: Eight people were left injured in two separate accidents that took place in Ponda on Tuesday. While the first one took place at Khajorde-Borim on Tuesday afternoon, the second one occurred at around 9pm at Upper Bazaar in Ponda.In the Khajorde-Borim accident, seven people, including two minors were injured when the car which they were travelling in dashed into another on Tuesday afternoon. Three persons-Razak Javed Nadaf, 7, Sameer Mohiddin Nadaf, 17, and Fatima Nadaf, 35- were seriously injured and have been admitted to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim.Two others from the same car-Rafique Nadaf, 30 and Rashid Nadaf, 27-who were also injured in the mishap, were discharged after receiving primary treatment.All of them are Cuncolim residents and were returning home in an Omni van.The other car comprised Pravin Bhende, 53 and Seema Bhende, 46, both residents of Tiska-Usgao, who were coming towards Ponda in their car. The Bhendes, too, have been discharged.Both the vehicles collided into each other at Khajordem-Borim, but the police still cannot ascertain who caused the accident. Police said that they will record the statements and a necessary offence would be registered only after an investigation.In the other mishap, a person was knocked down by a vehicle at Upper Bazaar in Ponda late Tuesday evening and was rushed to a hospital by passers-by. No further details were available with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12861163", "title": "Mumbai youth kills self over MMS blackmail", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youth were arrested for driving their friend to suicide after they allegedly blackmailed him over a supposed MMS clip with his girlfriend in Mumbai last week.The two - Vicky Sakpal (22) and Kiran Gavte (21) - were earlier questioned on the basis of a suicide note found in the deceased's pocket. Another accused, Ganesh Somani, is on the run.The family of the deceased - Kalpesh Waghmare (20) - informed the police after they found him hanging from the ceiling fan at their residence in Mumbai's Pathare Nagar.Senior police inspector G D Deshmukh said, \"The note stated that he was upset as he was being blackmailed by his friends Vicky, Kiran and Ganesh, who were allegedly distributing the clip.\"It alleged that Vicky and Kiran had twice tried to make a video of Kalpesh and his girlfriend. The trio blackmailed Kalpesh's girlfriend on the basis on an MMS. It also stated that the third accused had alleged that Kalpesh had stolen Rs 1.5 lakh from his house.The police found that Kalpesh was in love with a minor from the area. Kalpesh worked in a private bank, while Vicky is a final year student and Kiran works in a firm in Ambernath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861001", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat to focus on FDI, water policy", "text": "PUNE: The Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, a national consumer body would focus its attention on foreign direct investment (FDI) and water policy-2012 in the immediate future.A two-day national convention of the Panchayat was held in the city recently, where issues related to gross domestic production, standard of living, revision of poverty line and various parameters considered while defining lifestyle were discussed. The consumer organization plans to undertake various awareness programmes about FDI and water policy. Addressing a news conference here on TuesdayArun Deshpande, newly elected national president, said, \"Multinational companies are keen on FDI in the country. It should not be implemented at the cost of small retail businesses.\"The issues related to genetically modified seeds, chemical fertilisers and pesticides are also of serious concern as they could have direct impact on the life of consumers, he added.Senior activist Suryakant Pathak said, \"The public private partnership in water policy is not as good as it is portrayed to be. Consumers will suffer in terms of heavy charges if privatisation of water distribution takes place.\"The Panchayat also found that a public trust holding a name similar to Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat was misleading people in Osmanabad district in Maharashtra. Some activists of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, who left the mother organisation due to some differences, had formed the trust.The assistant charity commissioner, Latur, investigated the matter following a complaint and cancelled registration of 'Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865080", "title": "H1N1 toll rises to four in Tamil Nadu, state on high alert", "text": "CHENNAI: The H1N1 toll in the state increased to four with the death of a 65-year-old woman at Rajaji Government General Hospital in Madurai on Tuesday . Five more people also tested positive for the infection in Chennai, putting the state health department on high alert.Health minister V S Vijay said spread of the H1N1 virus in the state this year has not yet reached epidemic proportions , but the spike in cases and deaths is a cause for concern.A total of 82 H1N1 infections have been reported from across the state since January 2012, with half of the cases from Chennai. \"There were no cases for several months till December. But there have been 42 cases and two deaths in three months. The virus appears to be surviving in the summer months, though it earlier thrived in winter. We are gearing up to battle an epidemic , though there is no panic as of now,\" the minister said.Five people tested positive for the flu in Chennai on Tuesday . Two of them, a 27-year-old man and 27-year-old woman nurse, are from Porur. Another person who tested positive for H1N1 is from neighbouring Karambakkam.Unlike in 2010, many patients did not travel to places where the epidemic was reported , said director of public health R T Porkai Pandian. \"We are now beginning to see clusters from where cases are being reported,\" he said.In Puduchery, nine patients tested positive on Tuesday , taking the total number of cases in the Union Territory to 15.Though H1N1 can be treated with anti-viral drugs such as oseltamivir, delay in diagnosis and treatment can lead to potentially fatal complications. Doctors in Madurai said the 65-year-old woman who died on Tuesday had heart disease , complicating her condition .The government plans to vaccinate its health workers and people in the high-risk category . Chennai corporation will hold an awareness programme for doctors at Anna Auditorium at TANUVAS on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860625", "title": "Cinematic rendezvous at Poojapura Central Prison", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: When Mollywood actor Ajayan alias Guinness Pakru visited the Poojapura Central Prison, he did not know he would come across an old friend.Pakru was at the prison to inaugurate a family meet of prison inmates and for the distribution of educational aid to the children of inmates serving life imprisonment.Pakru was shocked to see Rajesh who had shared screen space with him in a song sequence in the film Meesamadhavan. Rajesh who was just 12 years old then is serving a life sentence.In his inaugural address the actor recollected Rajesh's portly yet adorable figure that won him a chance to feature in the film.Rajesh took the job of a waiter at a restaurant in Palakkad after the death of his parents. But fate had something else in store for him. Rajesh who was allegedly tortured by his employer killed him in a fit of rage. \"And at the age of 18, he landed in jail, securing a life imprisonment,\" said Superintendent of Prison, B Pradeep.The venue saw emotional scenes as the prison inmates got a chance to unite with their families after a long time. Teary-eyed fathers embraced their children.Pakru distributed the education aid of about Rs 5.58 lakh to the children at the event.The students up to class 10 were given a sum of Rs 6,000 each and those in college were given Rs 12,000. The ceremony was jointly organized by the department of prison and social welfare department.The venue saw emotional scenes as prison inmates got a chance to unite with their families after a long time. Teary-eyed fathers embraced their children", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867353", "title": "Naveen orders crime branch probe", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday ordered a crime branch inquiry into Monday's scuffle between collectors and lawyers in Sambalpur. \"I was shocked to see the incident on TV channels. Law will take its course,\" the CM said after ordering the probe.Lawyers welcomed the probe. \"We welcome the probe by crime branch. The collector should be removed from the district to ensure a free and fair inquiry,\" Bar president Pramod Rath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12865960", "title": "Cuffe Parade murder case: Mumbai Police fail to make headway", "text": "MUMBAI: The police, probing the rape and murder of a three-year-old girl whose body was found floating in the sea near Maker Towers in Cuffe Parade, seem to have hit a dead end. The footage obtained from CCTVs installed in and around Maker Towers has not shed any light on the identity of the killer. Said a senior officer involved with the probe, said on Tuesday that the police had checked footage from the area from the time the victim went missing late last Wednesday till her body was discovered the next morning.\"We checked the footage closely, but couldn't spot anyone coming and dumping the body in the sea.\" We will check how the accused managed to go undetected,\" he said.A parallel probe has been launched by the crime branch, which is already investigating the previous two murders of minor girls in Cuffe Parade where the role of a serial killer is suspected. On Tuesday, crime branch officers summoned the victim's great grandmother, Rani Fernandes, to identify a man, Vijay Chakraborty, who is a suspect in the previous cases. Rani identified Vijay as the man the who came to her house a month and a half ago and refused to leave for more than an hour. Vijay, allegedly a druggie, was sporting a red bandana similar to the one found on the victim's body.\"We have detained Ambedkar Nagar resident Vijay and are questioning him. He was detained in the past as well at the time of the last murder in January as well. He had refused to divulge any information and his DNA sample was sent for testing.We had to let him go after 24 hours and are still awaiting the result of his DNA test,\" said a crime branch officer.The victim's grandfather, James Fernandes, was detained by the crime branch on Monday evening. He said he was beaten and given electric shocks for almost four hours. \"The police were putting pressure on me to confess to killed my granddaughter.They even beat up my brother and said they will make one of us confess to the crime,\" he said. Fernandes and his brother were let off around 9pm on Monday.after the police failed to get any evidence of their involvement. Fernandes was allegedly detained illegally for 36 hours last week after the victim went missing. His DNA has also been sent for testing, but the results haven't come yet.DCP (zone 1) Chering Dorjee said he will request the forensic science lab oratory (FSL) in Kalina to treat this case as top priority. \"We have urged them to expedite the testing process and send us the results immediately,\" he said.Engineers are in the process of installing CCTV cameras in Ambedkar Nagar chawl and surrounding areas.CCTV cameras are being installed in and around Amdedkar Nagar and the police will form a Police said the work would finish in the next few days after which a special team to monitor the footage constantly. to check for any suspicious activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860736", "title": "High court orders probe into appointment of Urdu translators", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the UP chief secretary to look into the matter pertaining to some of Urdu translators-cum-junior clerks of 5,061 appointees as to how they have been posted in corporations and autonomous bodies instead of taking them in government departments. Justice Shabihul Hasnain directed the chief secretary to examine the matter at his level or through a committee. The matter will come for next hearing after four months.The order came on a writ petition filed by Syed Hadi Asgar and others. The petitioners' lawyer Mohd Ali contended that the state government had issued an advertisement in September 1994 for appointment of 5,061 Urdu translators-cum-junior clerks in government departments including the office of divisional commissioners, DMs, tehsils, blocks and police stations. The select list was prepared through direct recruitment and selectees were given appointment letters. The grievance of the petitioners was that they were posted in other than government departments, where they would have to miss pension benefits, age relaxations and other benefits. They also said that they could be only appointed in government departments and therefore their period of service in non-government departments should be considered on deputation and finally they should be posted in government departments.The court found that apart from petitioners, several other appointees may have same grievance and therefore directed the chief secretary to look into the matter, so that litigations do not flood the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858439", "title": "Minimum wages of workers increased in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Government on Tuesday increased the minimum wages of unskilled, semi-skilled and skilled workers in Delhi. The monthly minimum wages of unskilled workers has gone up from Rs 6,656 to Rs 7,020, for semi-skilled labour from Rs 7,358 to Rs 7,748 and for skilled labour from Rs 8,112 to 8,528.The new rates will be applicable from April 1 to all 29 scheduled employment categories notified by the government.Labour and industries minister Ramakant Goswami said the rates were revised last in October 2011. The Delhi government has been effecting increase in the minimum wages after adjustment of the average consumer price index number on half yearly basis by addition of dearness allowances in the wages.Labour minister Ramakant Goswami further stated that his department is involved in taking steps in the direction of labour welfare to make the city a role model in this field. Goswami stated that monthly minimum wages of unskilled labour has gone up from Rs 6656 to Rs 7020, in respect of semi-skilled labour from Rs 7358 to Rs 7748 and in respect of skilled labour from Rs 8112 to Rs 8528.As regards clerical and non-technical supervisory staff in all scheduled employments, the minimum wages of non-matriculates have gone up from Rs.7358 to Rs.7748, in respect of matriculates but not graduates from Rs.8112 to 8528 and in respect of graduates and above from Rs.8814 to Rs.9282.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859107", "title": "Kala-azar cases on rise in 33 districts", "text": "PATNA: In spite of the central and state governments' renewed commitment to eliminate kala-azar by 2015, the disease is spreading and more cases are reported from almost all the 33 affected districts of Bihar. The National Vector Borne Disease Control Support Project of the Union ministry of health and family welfare had launched a five-year programme under the World Bank on malaria and kala-azar elimination in 2008.Some legislators have written to the Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad urging him to strictly implement the programme with the monitoring of diagnosis, treatment and vector control measures to achieve the goal of eliminating the disease. \"The present monitoring systems have failed despite huge investment to the tune of over Rs 167 crore made through the World Bank, the WHO and other agencies,\" said BJP legislator Bhumendra Narain Singh.The northern districts of Bihar account for 90% of the kala-azar affected cases in the country, said Singh who represents Goriakothi constituency in north Bihar. He said the data showed that cases have shot up significantly over the last two years. In 2009 there were 21,318 cases and it rose to 23,084 in 2010. But these figures are just the tip of the iceberg as many cases might be going unreported, said Singh. He was supported by other legislators as well.They also expressed surprise that despite the spread of vector-borne diseases like Japanese encephalitis which occur every year at Muzaffarpur and Gaya, the state government has no permanent epidemiologist or entomologist. It has been observed that the Union health ministry's project has become slow and no drugs are available for treatment at primary health centres and district hospitals, they said.The project aims to reduce kala-azar cases to one per 10,000 population at the sub-district level and to eliminate the disease through introduction of rapid diagnostic kits, effective new medicines, training, equipment and insecticides in 46 kala-azar endemic districts of which 33 districts were in Bihar. The elimination target was 2010 which was extended to 2015.The state government took its own initiative last month when it decided to observe kala-azar elimination day every year on March 15. CM Nitish Kumar has announced an incentive of Rs 151 per day to each kala-azar patient and an equal amount to patient's attendant so that poor patients don't discontinue their treatment. Earlier, the patients were getting only Rs 50 per day. A fund of Rs 22 crore has already been released to the State Health Society from the CM Relief Fund for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861060", "title": "Questions raised over PCMC's land conversion policy", "text": "PUNE: Eight years after the state government allowed the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to convert industrial land into residential, questions are being raised about the need for such a policy and how has it affected the municipal corporation's income.While civic activists say that the conversion is detrimental to the growth of the city, the civic administration says there is nothing wrong about the policy.The 'I to R' policy came into existence through a government resolution in 2004. It allowed conversion of industrial land, located outside Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) areas, into residential. Against this benefit, the industry is needed to pay a premium to the civic body. The land owner is also required to provide 10% open space and 10% amenity space to the civic body at no charge. Certain amendments in the policy about transfer of land to PCMC were made in 2008.Vasant Kachi, joint city engineer and chief of building permission department, PCMC, said that the civic body has given 25 permissions for 'I toR' conversions till date. \"It has received Rs 14.01 crore as premium from land owners. They had to give 74,537.66 sq.m. to the civic body free of cost as amenity space. But the PCMC has received 63,259.10 sq.m. till April 20, 2012. It has still to receive 519.44 sq.m. of amenity space from land owners.Seven land owners are yet to hand over the amenity space to the PCMC,\" said Kachi.During a discussion in the general body on April 13, NCP corporator R S Kumar sought reasons for not getting possession of the complete amenity space from land owners. He demanded that action be taken against top officials instead of lower rung officials. \"The civic body has lost crores of rupees in octroi due to closure of industries. The property tax which the PCMC will get from houses constructed as a result of I to R policy will be too less as compared to the octroi loss,\" argued Kumar.Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale said that the city's identity as industrial city will be lost if industries close down due to this policy.NCP corporator Yogesh Behl supported the 'I to R' policy, and said that it was not the only reason for industries opting to shift out of the city. \"The octroi will have to be abolished if industries were to be retained,\" said Behl.Sachin Patwardhan, president of NGO cell of state unit of BJP, said that large scale conversion of industrial land to residential will increase the demand for civic amenities like water, roads, gardens and playgrounds. It will put a burden on the infrastructure of the city and lead to unplanned development.Replying to all these queries, Kachi said, \"We have stopped the plinth checking and other works of land owners who have failed to hand over the amenity space to the PCMC. The civic body is constructing a compound wall around the amenity space received from the land owners to prevent encroachments.\"Kachi said that industries located outside MIDC areas have only been given the benefit of I to R policy. \"Most industries that had shut down many years ago before the policy came into existence have benefitted from the policy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12860330", "title": "Govt asks officers, politicians to move with caution in Red-hit areas", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has issued an advisory to block development officers and deputy commissioners to move in Maoist-hit areas with extreme caution. The advisory follows an alert issued by the Union government in the wake of the abduction of Sukma district collector, Alex Paul Menon. The 2006 batch IAS officer, who is now critically ill, was abducted by Maoists last Saturday.Police sources said Odisha and Chhattisgarh share a long border with Jharkhand and there is every possibility that the rebels may now target officers here.A similar advice has also been issued to politicians. Any abduction may lead to disruption of anti-Maoist operations in the state as was seen in neighbouring Odisha and Chhattisgarh. In Jharkhand, out of the 24 districts, 18 are Maoist hit. Confirming the development, inspector general of police (operations), S N Pradhan, said it was necessary to issue the advisory because civilians are not aware of the movement of rebels.\"A block development officer may move around unsuspectingly in a Maoist-hit area. We have asked them to go to remote areas only after informing the local police. The officer-in-charge can give them some tips on the movement of rebels in advance so that they can make necessary changes in their plan,\" said Pradhan, adding, \"if the movement is very necessary despite the presence of rebels, then the SP can make arrangements for security and backup force.\"EOM| tnnRanchi: The state government has issued an advisory asking all block development officers and deputy commissioners to move very cautiously in Maoist-hit areas. The note was issued following an alert from the Union government after the abduction of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon. The 2006 batch IAS officer was abducted by the Maoists last Saturday.Police sources said Odisha and Chattisgarh have a long common border with Jharkhand and there is every possibility that the rebels may target officers and politicians here also.A similar suggestion has also been given to politicians as any abduction may lead to disruption of anti-Maoist operations in the state as it has happened in the neighbouring states of Odisha and Chattisgarh. In Jharkhand, out of 24 districts, 18 fall in the category of Maoists hit. Confirming the development, inspector general of police (operations) SN Pradhan said it was necessary for them to issue the advisory because civilians are not aware of the movement of rebels even in their locality.\"Most of the times, a block development officer may move unknowingly in Naxal-hit area and may land in trouble. We have suggested them to move in remote areas only after informing the local police station so that the officer-in-charge can give them tips on movement of rebels in advance for making necessary changes in plan,\" said Pradhan. \"If the movement is very necessary despite the presence of rebels then the SP will arrange for security cover and backup force,\" said the IG adding a simple exercise will ensure safety of officers working in remote areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863384", "title": "Recognition for Management Institution", "text": "T A Pai Management Institute gets AACSB International accreditation for its post graduate programmesKARNATAKA: T A Pai Management Institute, Manipal, Karnataka popularly known as TAPMI, Manipal has earned the initial accreditation for its post graduate programmes, PGDM and PGDM (Healthcare) by recent action of the Board of Directors of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, International (AACSB) on April 11, 2012.TAPMI joins an elite group of institutions that have achieved business accreditation from AACSB International. TAPMI and ISB are the only two business schools in India to have earned this distinguished hallmark of excellence in management education.\"We warmly congratulate TAPMI and its director Dr R C Natarajan, and welcome them into the AACSB family of internationally accredited business schools,\" said John J Fernandes, president and CEO of AACSB International.He further said, \"AACSB Accreditation represents the highest achievement for an educational institution and its college of business. The director, faculty, deans and administrative staff of TAPMI are to be commended for their dedication and commitment for a continuous improvement, and for their role in earning initial accreditation.\"Dr Ramdas Pai, chairman, TAPMI said, \"The entire TAPMI-community worked for many years to put together the quality-process in place. Whereas the faculty members and staff were very actively involved in this process, they kept the trustees and the members of the governing council closely involved in various parts of the effort, leaving no stone unturned. This is recognition for their ability to bring the whole team collectively together and their commitment to high quality education.\"\"During the accreditation process, TAPMI was visited and evaluated by business school deans from reputed institutions with detailed knowledge of management education, applying the accreditation standards that are widely-accepted in the educational community. These evaluations processes involved rigorous review of TAPMI's mission and how its curriculum, structure, systems, processes and people fit together to achieve this mission. They used what is known as triangulation process that checked the veracity of the school's claim of following the processes they declared by talking to various stakeholders in formal as well as informal settings,\" said Dr Natarajan.TAPMI's achievement will be recognised at the end of April 2012 at the AACSB International Conference and Annual Meeting (ICAM) in San Diego , California, US.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867624", "title": "Gauhati University teachers' body calls off strike", "text": "GUWAHATI: The three-day strike called by Gauhati University Teachers' Association (Guta) in protest against financial irregularities in the varsity was temporarily called off following an appeal by the executive council of the varsity.Members of Guta had alleged that the executive council of the university, which includes the office of the vice-chancellor and is considered the highest decision making body in the university, along with a few other members of the university administration, were indulging in unethical and corrupt practices.The executive council held a special meeting on Tuesday and adopted few resolutions, which were forwarded to Guta in the morning. After the discussion, the Guta emergency body resolved that the appeal by the executive council of the university should be reciprocated and the strike was called off. It was also decided that the teachers would resume their teaching duties from Wednesday. \"We will temporarily suspend the strike and resume our teaching duties from Wednesday, but we are keeping a track of the matter,\" said Akhil Ranjan Dutta, Guta secretary. Guta requested the executive council to co-opt two teacher members of the council to form a committee to discuss the issue; the formation of the committee was decided in the council meeting on Tuesday.Dutta said that the association had requested the chancellor to form an independent committee to inquire into the alleged financial malpractices and requested the council to pursue the matter. The teachers' body submitted their allegation of widespread corruption prevalent in the administration to the vice-chancellor and chancellor of the university, and governor J B Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12863079", "title": "Banned nude worship performed in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: Bettale Seve (nude worship), long banned in Karnataka, has surfaced in Mandya district. Two girls wearing neem leaves were made to perform the ritual in Tamil Colony near Mandya Medical College on Tuesday.The incident came to light after TV journalists were tipped off about the ritual being performed during Mariyamma festival. \"We received an anonymous call. When we rushed to the spot, we were shocked to see two girls, aged 8 and 14, performing Bettale Seve in front of the temple amidst hundreds of men and women. Their bodies were covered with only neem leaves,\" said Yatish, a TV reporter.\"We faced anxious moments while recording the event. Some devotees questioned our presence. We quickly left the place, and could not collect details,\" Yatish added.Deputy commissioner P C Jaffer informed TOI: \"I deputed tahsildar Rajendraprasad and circle inspector Kantaraj to inquire into the incident. Elders in the colony told them the girls were fully clothed, and wore neem leaves over their clothes. But mediapersons informed us that they have video footage of the girls performing the ritual in the buff. If Bettale Seve was indeed performed, we will take action against the people responsible for it.\"Assistant SP Rajanna told TOI that based on video clippings and photos, an inquiry will be carried out and people responsible for the ritual arrested.\"Our officers visited Tamil Colony and questioned people there. They denied Bettale Seve was performed in their locality. We will conduct a detailed investigation after collecting video footage,\" Rajanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862674", "title": "UPSC cannot re-evaluate the exam papers as no rule for it: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPSC cannot re-evaluate the civil service examination answer sheets due to absence of any rule for it, the Delhi High Court has held, while dismissing a plea to re-assess a candidate's answer scripts of the 2006 main examination.Dismissing the civil service aspirant Syed Shabbir Ali's plea, a bench of justices B D Ahmed and V K said, \"As regards re-evaluation of the answer sheet of petitioner Ali, admittedly, there is no rule of UPSC entitling a candidate to seek re-evaluation of his answer sheets\"\"We, therefore, find no merit in the contention that the petitioner is entitled to re-evaluation of his answer sheets,\" the bench said.The bench was hearing Ali's plea challenging the Central Administrative Tribunal's (CAT) order which had dismissed his plea for re-evaluation of his answer scripts in the Civil Services (Main) Examination, 2006.In his petition, Ali had sought the bench's direction to the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) to declare him successful candidate in the first rank in the Civil Service (Main) Examination 2006.According to the petition, Ali had cleared the 2006 preliminary examination but had not been able to clear the main examination as he had not done well in English, a compulsory paper.The English paper was a qualifying paper, for candidates of all categories, for the Civil Services Examinations 2006, as per the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12860231", "title": "Rajinder, Parveen to take legal stand against police action", "text": "KARNAL: The malicious prosecution of Rajinder and Parveen, 11 years after they married girls of their choice, is all set to become a bane for Karnal police. The two men have decided to approach the national human rights commission and the SC/ST commission against the action taken by the police.On getting a bail from the Karnal jail, Rajinder and Parveen told mediapersons that they had long-settled with Geeta and Reena and had raised families. Even father of the two girls, Jai Bhagwan, who had got a case registered against them on charges of allegedly kidnapping his daughters, had come to terms with them, they said.Rajinder said, \"We were leading peaceful lives with our families in Khanna but the world came down on us as cops arrived. Initially, they told us that the pending case against them was to be cleared, hence their presence was required. However, as we left our home for Karnal, the police told us to shell out Rs 20,000 or more cases such as rape would be added to the FIR.\"\"We refused to oblige and we were arrested last Saturday, They added rape charges against us,\" said Parveen, adding that the policemen took away the Rs 450 they carried with them at the time.Meanwhile, their counselor Harish Arya said that a coordinate bench of the Punjab and Haryana high court, while issuing notice of motion on November 3, 2009, had stayed the arrest of the petitioner under Article 20 (1). He said the victims would be challenging the police action in the court of law on this basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863161", "title": "Jiiva Arya and Vishal evince interest in this remake", "text": "Prabhu starrer Bandha Paramasivam made reasonable profit at the box office when it was released in 2003. However, this film's Hindi remake which released recently has netted 100 crore profits within a few weeks of its release.Yes , Houseful 2 is a remake of Bandha Paramasivam which was directed by TP Gajendran and produced by PRO PT Selvakumar. The buzz now is that the success of this remake in Bollywood has several stars here eyeing for a remake in Tamil again.Young stars Jiiva, Arya and Vishal are said to show interest in this remake. It is worth mentioning here that Houseful 2 stars John Abraham , Akshay Kumar Ritesh Deshmukh and Asin in the lead roles along with a host of stars.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861028", "title": "Three killed in accident on Pune-Solapur highway", "text": "PUNE: Three people, including a 12-year-old boy, died on the spot and 15 others sustained injuries after the minibus in which they were travelling collided head-on with a truck near Yavat on the Pune-Solapur highway on Tuesday afternoon.The passengers in the minibus were on their way to attend a wedding at Daund. The mother of the groom lost her life in the accident, while her husband sustained injuries.The deceased are Anjana Haribhu Salve (50), Maruti Ambore (57) and Aditya Sanjay Bhosale (12), all from Vadgaon Sheri in Pune. Salve's husband Haribhau (55) and 14 of his relatives, including five children, were injured and are being treated in a private hospital at Yavat. The truck driver and the cleaner were also injured, and are being treated at a private hospital at Phursungi.Police inspector Balasaheb Kopnar of the Yavat police station said the incident took place near a dhaba on the Pune-Solapuar highway near Yavat around 12.30 pm. The passengers in the bus were on their way to Khadki village in Daund taluka to attend the wedding of Nilesh Haribhau Salve. \"Near Yavat, the bus hit the truck loaded with sand,\" Kopnar said.Traffic on the Pune-Solapur highway was affected as the truck turned on its side and blocked the road. It was resumed after both vehicles were removed from the road.Kopnar said that the police have registered an accident case. \"The drivers of both vehicles have been injured in the accident. We will take further action after recording their statements,\" Kopnar said.This is the second major mishap to take place on the Pune-Solapur highway this week. On Monday five people, including two minor girls, who were travelling in a truck were killed when they were crushed by heavy steel pipes that were being transported in the truck. The incident took place at Dalaj village, near Bhigwan, around 100 km from Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860389", "title": "Teen's body found on tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: A star performer, who had everything going for him academically, was found dead beside the railway tracks near Baghajatin on Monday afternoon. The mysterious circumstances of his death have prompted police to investigate any possibility of foul play.Eighteen-year-old Pratik Sikdar was a first-year student of computer science at Asutosh College. His family alleges he was killed in a planned manner but police officers say they are yet to get any evidence pointing to murder.Pratik's family says he looked disturbed for the last few days but that he had no reason to commit suicide. They claim that he was seen in the company of a girl and two youngsters between the time he left home and his body was found. \"Eyewitnesses said they even saw the girl sobbing after the incident,\" claimed Sonu Sikdar, Pratik's uncle.The police are probing whether it was a case of suicide or an accident.Railway police found his body a few metres from Jadavpur railway station underneath Sukanto Setu around 2.45 on Monday afternoon. It's around 3km from his home in Bikramgarh. He was declared dead after being taken to MR Bangur hospital.Police investigation has so far revealed that Pratik had not attended college on Monday morning and stayed home, watching television. He walked out of his house at 2.30pm, but left his mobile phone behind. The family was informed by the GRP around 4.45pm about the body being found.His family refused to accept the death as an accident or as a suicide. \"Since Sunday we were noticing some abnormality in his behaviour,\" said brother Subhrajit. On Sunday evening he left for a nearby shopping mall but did not return by 10pm, as he usually does.His family members kept calling his cellphone but all the calls went unanswered. For a couple of seconds he took a call when it was made from anunknown number but soon disconnected it.After failing to trace him, his family members went to his private tutor's residence at Behala Parnasree but had no luck. At night, on their way back, they lodged a missing person's complaint with Jadavpur police station.Around 1.30am Pratik returned in a taxi and told his family members that he could not take calls because he was busy in a hospital with one of his friends, Soumya, who \"was injured in a motorcycle accident\". Police checked with Soumya and found the story false.\"We realized that Pratik had lied. Soumya has not met with any accident and he is unaware of where Pratik was on Sunday night,\" said a police source.An alumnus of Jadavpur Boys' School, Pratik had secured star marks in his Madhyamik and higher secondary exams. \"He always kept to himself. We believe something had severely gone awry among his newfound friends - either in college or tuition,\" said Sonu.The family has handed over his mobile to police. Investigators hope to unearth some clues from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859256", "title": "Schools claim RTE reimbursement for admitting 13,848 students", "text": "JAIPUR: The elite schools in the city, who claimed that they never received enough RTE applications for the 25% seats reserved for underprivileged students, have sought a reimbursement for educating 13,848 children from economically weaker sections under the RTE Act. The district education officers have compiled a list of 13,848 students reportedly admitted by 1,389 schools under RTE in the city for session 2011-12.As per the provisions of the RTE Act, all private schools are supposed to reserve 25% seats at their entry-level classes for children from economically weaker sections (EWS) of society. The schools are entitled to receive reimbursements from the education department for providing free education to these children.President of Society for Private Unaided Schools Damodar Goyal said: \"The huge claim for reimbursement is nothing but a corrupt practice being done in connivance with government officials.\"Every school on an average submitted a list 10 students, leaving the district education officers in utter shock who were not expecting RTE claimants to be in thousands. \"A large number of schools submitting the list is shocking as many of them were found to be fulfilling the criteria set for reimbursement,\" said SC Meena, district education officer. Meena said that they would verify the claims made by each school which could take a few months.The reality, however, is that the education department is yet to announce the rules for reimbursements for teaching EWS children free of cost. As per the Act, the reimbursement amount should not be equal to the money being spent by government on each children. It is estimated that schools admitting students under the RTE act will receive a sum of Rs 10,000 as reimbursement per annum on every child.The state has over 40,000 unaided schools. Out of them, the fee in over 35,000 schools is less than Rs 6,000 per student per annum. Most schools claiming reimbursements are already admitting students whose annual family income is less than 2.5 lakh and directly falls under this Act. In tune with the Act, most of these schools have restructured their fees and took it to the level of reimbursement amount. Already the situation in these schools is such that all the students admitted will fall under this category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860595", "title": "Scholarships instituted for Asian School of Business students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Asian School of Business (ASB) has instituted a performance based scholarship for the top students enrolled this academic year.G Vijayaraghavan, member secretary, board of governors, announced that a scholarship instituted by the George M Thomas Foundation would constitute Rs 50,000 to the top 10% of students enrolled in the programme and Rs 25,000 for another 10% of the students based on their academic performance in the first year of the PGDM programme.The students at the end of the two year programme would also be offered a chance to join the 'entrepreneurship club'. ASB will choose one team of students to facilitate the incubation of their concept under the guidance of experienced consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863442", "title": "Bangalore mayoral polls: it\u2019s Murthy vs Somashekar", "text": "BANGALORE: With just two days to go for the Bangalore mayoral polls, lobbying intensified in the city unit of the ruling BJP on Tuesday.Aspirants for posts of the mayor and deputy mayor were knocking at the doors of all BJP leaders who mattered. They also sought to get some religious leaders intervene on their behalf.Kathriguppe corporator D Venkatesh Murthy, who has been projected as the CM's candidate , appeared to be the frontrunner , with B Somashekar (Shakhambari Nagar ) and AH Basavaraj (Banashankari temple ) giving him tough competition.The mayor's post has been reserved for backward class category 2A this time.This time , the deputy mayor's post has been earmarked for general category. N Nagaraj (Byrasandra), H Ravindra (Vijaynagar), Chandrashekaraiah (Hampinagar) and L Srinivas (Padmanabhanagar) are in the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860714", "title": "Advocate's clerk held in stamp paper scam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police team probing the stamp paper forgery case have taken into custody an advocate's clerk on Tuesday. The arrested has been identified as Vijayan of Pangappara near Kariavattom in the city. However, the police have not recorded the arrest till Tuesday night.According to Shanghumugham assistant commissioner K S Vimal Kumar, Vijayan was taken into custody from the residence of one of his friends at Moovattupuzha in Ernakulam, following a tip off. Vijayan has been working as the clerk of K S Sreedharan Nair, who is indicted as the prime accused in the first information report submitted by the police a few days ago.Vijayan has also been a close acquaintance of advocates V R Rajmohan and B Baburaj, who had allegedly presented forged stamp papers before the sub court here for bond execution. It was after this, more forged stamp papers were detected at various courts in the district.Vimal Kumar hinted that Vijayan might be arraigned as an accused in the case. \"There are chances that Vijayan might have used Sreedharan Nair's seal to forge the stamp papers,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, the assistant commissioner also said that the police was thinking of filing a fresh FIR, as more forged stamp papers were detected at courts in different centres, including Thiruvananthapuram and Neyyatinkara.\"The initial FIR was submitted on the basis of the forged documents detected in just two cases. Senior vendor K S Sreedharan Nair was arraigned as the first accused in the report. But now, the number of cases detected is nearing 200. Hence we have to examine those stamp papers too and check whether the same person is behind all the frauds,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, on Tuesday more forged judicial stamp papers were detected at the sub courts here. Stamp papers worth Rs 54,000 were found to have submitted in as many as seven cases that were settled. The police are waiting for the court authorities to hand over the rest of the detected stamp papers.The arrested has been identified as Vijayan of Pangappara near Kariavattom in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866161", "title": "India's first 3D filmmaker passes away", "text": "Producer-director Navodaya Appachan passed away yesterday night at a private hospital. 81 years old Appachan was suffering from prostate cancer.He was under treatment for the last 10 years. His body is at Navodaya Studio in Chennai, which was founded by Appachan. Known as Maliampurackal Chacko Punnoose, he played an integral part in the development of Malayalam film industry.He was the first Indian filmmaker to make 3D movie My Dear Kuttichathan. He also made the first 70mm film called Padayottam that starred Mammootty and Mohanlal in lead roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12867585", "title": "Election Commission to educate Nagas for better voter turnout", "text": "KOHIMA: The Election Commission (EC) will soon launch systematic voter education for the Electoral Participation (SVEEP) drive to ensure better voter turnout and to create awareness about ethical voting,Sudhir Tripathi, deputy election commissioner (DEC), said this while addressing the media on Tuesday. Operation SVEEP focuses mainly on young voters, first-timers and women in particular.The DEC said he expects the media to play an active role to ensure free and fair polling in the ensuing 2013 assembly elections. The DEC talked about the pro-active role of booth-level officers (BLOs) to make sure that illegal immigrants do not appear in electoral rolls and no names of registered citizens are missed out due to carelessness. Tripathi appealed to all political parties to help the commission in nominating some agents who would aid the official BLOs to make the electoral roll error-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864708", "title": "Competition aims to promote Goan handicrafts", "text": "PANAJI: Those wishing to leave a lasting impression in handicrafts have got till April 30 to enter a competition organized by Goa Handicrafts Rural and Small Scale Industries Development Corporation.Extending the earlier deadline of December 13, 2011, the corporation, through the competition, aims to promote new trends to meet the demand of local and international buyers, said sources.The competition is open to all residents of Goa who are aged 18 and above.Applicants have to submit their original creations (life-size, three-dimensional works) using only indigenous, natural material such as sea shells, bamboo, tile paintings, terracotta, etc.Use of artificial/manmade materials such as plastic, non-biodegradable fibres, etc are not allowed.The corporation will shortlist the three best original designs/sculptures/handicrafts from the works submitted.The first prize winner will take home 50,000, the second 35,000 and the third 25,000. The winners will also receive a certificate and shawl each.As the winning creations will be mass produced by the corporation and marketed through its outlets, the winners will also earn 15% royalty on sales for a period of three years from the competition.Those interested in participating have to submit a brief bio-data and a colour photograph along with an entry fee of 100. For more details on the competition log in to http://ghrssidc.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "12860836", "title": "Only cowards take to the gun: Mamata", "text": "LALGARH: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday chose Lalgarh's Ramkrishna Vidyapeeth grounds to send a very stern message to the Maoists. Incidentally, this is the same place where on August 9, 2010 she had addressed a political rally supported by the Red rebels.\"Only cowards take refuge in the gun. Extremism can't be tolerated. Earlier, people used to say that we had links with the Maoists. But now it's clear that it's the Maoists who are providing shelter to the Netai killers. It's they (CPM) who have Maoist links,\" the chief minister said.The CM advised the people of Jangalmahal to be on their alert. \"Watch out for new faces, for people trying to reach out to you with their songs. They don't believe in democracy. Some people in Kolkata are issuing statements. They are free to do that, this is a democratic country. But don't allow them to preach at gunpoint. You have to keep fighting for peace and your security,\" she said.Speaking at the same venue less than two years ago under the banner of anti-atrocities forum , , flanked by Swami Agnivesh , Medha Patkar and Magsasay awardee Mahasweta Devi and attended by several thousands more,Mamata had appealed to the Maoists to give peace a chance. She also demanded a judicial inquiry into the death of Maoist spokesperson Azad.It had been claimed that even Maoist military strategist Kishanji had supported the rally. CPM and BJP had raised the issue in Parliament.On Tuesday, she appealed to the people of Jangalmahal to maintain peace and harmony.During the 2010 rally, Mamata had been flanked by activists like Swami Agnivesh, Medha Patkar and Mahasweta Devi. But at Tuesday's rally, Shuvaprasanna and Arpita Ghosh were the only representatives of the city intelligentsia.Mamata said, \"Some people believe only in murder, abduction and plunder. You've suffered enough in their hands. We will never let this happen again. We will not let Bengal witness bloodshed any more. Nor will we allow anybody to divide it.\"Development is my aim - peace is my dream. You have brought back peace here. You have won the battle yourself. And it has paved the way for development. Whatever you have asked from me, I have tried to deliver. I have done something more. When 7,92,000 BPL families in Jangalmahal were given rice at Rs 2 a kg, Maoists threatened people not to buy that. I still gave it,\" she said.Railway minister Mukul Roy said, \"What did she say two years ago? She had appealed to the Maoists to lay down arms and she had promised to fight for their cause.\"Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikary said, \"That wasn't a political rally. It was presided by Debabrata Bandyopadhyay (now Trinamool's Rajya Sabha MP) under the banner of anti-atrocities forum. Let alone the then chief minister, not a single minister had dared to step into Lalgarh at that time. She didn't plead for votes - all she said was if people gave her a chance she'd usher in peace and development in the region. That she has done.\"The chief minister, who is on her fourth visit to Jangalmahal, had first indicated her firming of stance against Maoists on October 15, last year when she handed Maoists a week's deadline to lay down arms. \"They (Maoists) do not pursue any ism, they have no ideals. They are 'supari' killers, jungle mafia. People hate violence. We initiated the peace process. We will continue the negotiations, but you (the rebels) have to lay down arms,\" she said in Jhargram then. The government's negotiation efforts later received a jolt with the government appointed interlocutors hitting a road block and resigning.Meanwhile in Kolkata, former minister and senior CPM leader Gautam Deb said the CM had cheated her former allies, the Maoists, by deciding to kill Kishanji. \"All her seven MLAs from Jangalmahal won with Maoist support and after coming to power she decided to kill Kishanji by sheer trick!\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12862682", "title": "HUL innovates to go green &amp; grow business", "text": "MUMBAI: At Hindustan Unilever's (HUL) Pondicherry factory, a pilot project is currently on to convert packaging waste into fuel through a process called pyrolysis. HUL has used this fuel in its broilers to recover the energy that was used to make the plastic. In another geography , parent Unilever has come up with a shampoo which does not require water to cleanse hair. It's only a matter of time for the brand in question, Tresemme, to be rolled out across the globe to not only cut down the usage of water, but also up-trade consumers into using an additional product.Both are examples of business propositions driven by innovation with an added benefit of reducing the organization's environmental footprint. What has triggered such innovations is the goal Unilever set for itself under Unilever Sustainable Living Plan (USLP) to double its business and halve its environment footprint.In the context of issues like climate change, water scarcity, health and hygiene, Unilever felt it was imperative for the organization to play a role in addressing such issues.The challenge, however, was in finding solutions which would not only have a positive social and environmental impact, but also one that would ensure that the company remains financially viable.\"Frankly, there is no alternative . The world simply does not have the resources and if the issue continues to be dealt with like in the past, the society will not give you the licence to operate as we have done in the past. The models of the past are simply not viable as tools today or in the future. Yet, we cannot compromise on growth,\" Nitin Paranjpe, MD &amp; CEO, HUL, told TOI in an exclusive interview.One year later, the report card reveals how the global consumer products giant has made progress in some areas while, in some others, it stares at challenges on how it can achieve the objective. In India, HUL has reduced CO2 emissions by 14.7%, water use by 21.5% and waste by 52.8% in 2011 over the 2008 baseline.A year ago, when Unilever announced the goal, even employees were skeptical as to whether this was achievable without putting a lid on costs and prices.\"In the beginning, people didn't get it. They said, we are in a very competitive world and you are asking us to play this game with almost one hand tied behind our backs. And we kept saying that USLP can unleash innovation which will help us grow. People heard that but were not able to see it. One year later, I think we can now see those ideas,\" said Paranjpe.So, when the water-less shampoo hit the market, people could see the merit in the vision, triggering the process of ideation and innovation . Paranjpe said there are three-four other ideas they have got which are equally powerful but currently under wraps. To ensure that the task is performed with an urgency that is equally compelling , an increasing number of managers, including the CEO, have sustainability goals as part of their compensation .However, Unilever is yet to crack the code on bringing about behavioural changes among consumers to adapt environmentally - friendly practices. Unilever is attempting to codify a consumer behavioural model to understand the barriers, triggers and motivators required for the consumer to make such a behavioural change. But Unilever is certain about one thing: If a solution is not economically viable, it would be rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12861017", "title": "Background check on Tejinder by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Probing the Tatra trucks procurement scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation is carrying out a background check on Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh as it prepares to question him later this week. The agency, sources said, has asked the defence ministry to provide all details related to Lt Gen Singh - files, his meetings and people who frequently met him. Sources said the agency was trying to establish Vectra chief Ravi Rishi's link with Lt Gen Singh.\"To establish the bribery offer, we have to find out Lt Gen Tejinder Singh's link with Vectra group. We will check files of MoD to know about people who visited him and documents signed by him when he was serving in the Army,\" a top CBI officer said. The agency is also expected to convert the preliminary enquiry into the alleged bribery offer to Army chief General V K Singh into a regular case soon.The agency has, meanwhile, collected around 64 files from Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) to probe the Tatra scam. These files have details of proposals, tenders papers, technical examination documents, suppliers, supply orders and payments related to procurement of Tatra trucks since 1997 in the Indian Army. To understand these documents, two colonel rank officers are helping the CBI in the probe.The agency is also looking at the \"quid pro quo\" angle in the Tatra procurement deal. It is probing whether somebody in the defence ministry or Army benefitted all these years for making sure that Tatra trucks were procured by BEML through Tatra Sipox (UK) only.Meanwhile, the CBI on Tuesday again questioned Vectra executive Anil Mansaramani at its headquarters while another Vectra employee was quizzed in Mumbai. The Vectra employees are being confronted with several documents picked up from the defence ministry and BEML.The Army chief has provided several documents to the agency and has assured that he would give more evidence. Gen Singh had claimed that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore in his office on September 22, 2010 for clearing a tranche of sub-standard Tatra trucks. The agency has recorded the chief's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12867860", "title": "Foundation stone of ISKCON temple laid", "text": "LUDHIANA: Foundation stone laying ceremony of a new ISKCON temple, Shri Shri Radha Gopi Nath, was held on Tuesday.The temple is coming up at Janpath Estate near South City in an area of 4.5 acres with a budget of over Rs 35 crore.A hawan was also conducted and Maha Mantra was enchanted by the devotees at the ceremony. The silver idol of Sheshnag was placed under the foundation stone.A play on Lord Krishna was also presented by the devotees. The ceremony concluded with community food served to devotees.The temple will come up in four phases and the first phase will be completed in a span of two years.\"Devotees will have to donate generously as the temple will be built with their offerings,'' said general secretary of ISKCON temple committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860807", "title": "Gandhi Post Graduate Institute doctors seek increase in their retirement age", "text": "LUCKNOW: Faculty members at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences want their retirement age to be increased from the present 62 years to 65 years. This, they see as an answer to the shortage of work force in the institution. Making a 'request' to this effect before chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Tuesday, director Prof RK Sharma said, \"The number of working hands has not increased in comparison with the rise in patient burden.\" He also demanded for creation of additional posts for faculty and paramedical staff.In his maiden visit to the institution, Usmani has assured all the possible help to strengthen services in the institution. In a presentation showcasing \"the general working, achievement and gaps\" before the chief secretary, who is also the president of SGPGI's governing body, the director underscored the need for outsourcing paramedical services to bridge the gap between demand and supply. It may be noted that manpower crunch severely haunts work at SGPGIMS. Shortage exists across categories. For example: The hospital has just 155 doctors against the sanctioned strength of 250. Similarly, against a requirement of 900 nurses only 475 are working.Prior to his assurance, the chief secretary took an exhaustive tour of the institution. He saw the working of SGPGI's hospital information system. He was informed that SGPGI is the first government institution to have total computerisation and automation. Briefing the president about the system, officials informed that the system was started in 1997 and has undergone many changes. The present version would make working of the hospital totally paperless and filmless. \"Very soon, patients will be able to take online appointments for consultation or simply register themselves for OPD and those registered would be able to take a print of their diagnostic test reports at home,\" informed one of the doctors.The chief secretary went to the medical store managed by the hospital revolving fund and picked up boxes to check the details over it. He asked as to how much an attendant will save if he buys medicines from here instead of the market. He randomly spoke to some attendants and inquired if they are satisfied with the services or not. Later addressing the doctors, he said, \"I will try my best for you all but you must ensure that the poor and needy coming for help should get adequate attention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863395", "title": "Two assailants strike it rich on Akshaya Tritiya", "text": "BANGALORE: He was hoping for a good business on the eve of Akshaya Trithiya. But gold merchant Prakash Gadke, owner of Chandrasena Silvery Refinery at Makkalappa Layout in Nagarthpet near Ulsoorgate police station, had not bargained for a couple of robbers counting on the same.The two robbers donning helmets barged into the store and attacked Prakash with lethal weapons, before fleeing away with Rs 12 lakh cash kept at the counter. The incident took place around 8pm on Monday. Prakash had just returned to his store after collecting Rs 7 lakh from a jeweller . There was Rs 5 lakh cash at the store.After entering the store, Prakash began counting the money. There was nobody besides him in the shop at that time. Two men sporting full helmets walked into the shop on the pretext of asking for an address. Before Prakash could realize what was happening , one of them threw chilli powder at his face. One person hit Prakash on the neck and face with a blunt object , while the other took the cash and the duo fled.\"I blacked out for a few seconds. The chilli powder blinded me and those blows left me in severe pain. By the time I could regain my senses, the money was gone. I called the police immediately and they took me to a hospital ,\" said Prakash.Ulsoorgate police said that the robbers might have stalked Prakash from the jeweller's place where he collected the money. Police are yet to ascertain whether the duo arrived on any vehicle.\"We are looking into all possible leads. As of now it looks like a professional job. They might have seen Prakash taking money from the shop. The angle we are exploring is if someone who knew about Prakash's transactions or someone close to him is involved in the crime. Although Prakash doesn't suspect anyone, we cannot rule out that angle,\" said an investigating officer.Forensic experts visited the spot and collected evidence . Police said that in spite of the large stock of ornaments and huge sum of money kept in the store, no CCTV cameras had been installed . \"Although they might have worn helmets, CCTV footage would have certainly provided some leads,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12867570", "title": "Villagers protest against Jorhat police 'atrocities'", "text": "JORHAT: Hundreds of villagers of Sorbaibandha Krishnanagar area located on the outskirts of Jorhat town gheraoed Jorhat sadar police station on Monday night to protest against alleged police atrocities on innocent people. The people demanded the police to abstain from harassing innocent people in future.The protest was in response to Jorhat police detaining one Bubul Dutta of Sorbaibandha Krishnagar after registering a case filed by one Anil Bora of the same village. The locals said the police tried to arrest the person based only the complaint and without any proper investigation. They said the police had registered a fabricated case and was biased against the people of the village. Officer in-charge of Jorhat sadar police station Bakul Gogoi, said: \"We detained one person from Sorbaibandha Krishnagar on charges of extortion. Some villagers claimed that he was innocent and demanded his immediate release. We complied and released him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860102", "title": "Neyyattinkara bypoll on June 2", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The bypoll for Neyyattinkara Assembly constituency will be held on June 2 and the counting will be held on June 15.According to the schedule issued by the Election Commission, notification for the bypoll will be issued on May 9. Last date for filing nominations will be May 16, scrutiny will be held on May 17 and the date for withdrawal of nomination will be May 17.Preparations by both the LDF and UDF for the crucial bypoll have gained momentum following the EC's announcement. R Selvaraj, who ditched the CPM to join the UDF camp, is seeking a second term from Neyyattinkara. The LDF has announced F Lawrence, a fellow traveller of the CPM and a member of Parassala block panchayat, as its candidate. BJP veteran O Rajagopal will be in the fray and is likely to pose a serious threat to both the fronts.The bypoll is crucial for both the fronts as the LDF has already taken it as a prestigious contest and the UDF has declared that it would be the second appraisal of the performance of the government. If Piravom saw a unified UDF taking on the LDF, the scene is completely different at Neyyattinkara with UDF constituents fighting each other over the sharing of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12860032", "title": "NGOs protest cutting of trees by state highways department on Marudhamalai road", "text": "COIMBATORE: Commotion prevailed when members of various NGOs protested the cutting of trees by the state highways department as part of the road widening work at Marudamalai Road here on Tuesday.Members of the Environment Conservation Group, OSAI Environmental Organisation, The Nature Conservation Society, Oli Awareness Movement and environmentalist M Yoganthan stopped the contract workers from cutting the trees. This created a pandemonium in the area and traffic was disrupted for a while until the police and officials of the state highways department reached the spot and pacified the protesters.President of The Nature Conservation Society N I Jalaluddhin said, \"It is shocking to find that in the guise of road widening work, many trees are being indiscriminately cut down in the city.\" He alleged that at least 25 old trees, which are not part of the proposed project, have been cut down by the contractors on this stretch.Jalaluddhin said at least 230 trees were axed during the road widening work on Avinashi-Neelambur stretch. Similarly, in Tiruchy-Palladam stretch 480 trees were cut down and nearly 700 trees were uprooted on the Mettupalayam stretch.So far, the police have arrested only one person under section 3 of Tamil Nadu Property (Property of damages and loss) Act of 1992 for cutting down a tree without permission, he addedEnvironmentalist M Yoganathan, who was awarded by the President for planting more than one lakh trees, said it was unnecessary to cut the trees on Marudamalai Road as they would not interfere with traffic or the project.R Mohammed Saleem, president, Environment Conservation Group, said it is easy to cut down trees but nothing has been done to plant saplings to compensate for the loss of green cover.However, J Joy Suganya, road inspector, state highways department, said that the trees that were axed were already marked as necessary for the road widening work. She said that even though the actual road is widened to 15.10 meters, the total widening is for 22 meters, which would include the footpath and drainage. The allegations by NGOs are baseless, she said.Meanwhile, members of NGOs have decided to move the court to curb the indiscriminate destruction of green cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12861003", "title": "Theft at city hotel, staffers detained", "text": "KOLKATA: A guest, who had lodged in a five-star hotel in the city, has filed a police complaint after Rs 2 lakh was allegedly stolen from his room. Park Street Police has already started a case and detained three persons for interrogation. The cops said they would be able to crack the case soon.Police said that Jitesh Rajpal, a businessman from Deoghar in Jharkhand , checked into the hotel on Monday morning. When he returned to the hotel in the evening, he found that Rs 2 lakh was missing from his room. The hotel room had a locker with an electronic lock. The complainant had kept the cash in the locker but did not lock it.Initial probe revealed that the door was not broken and the thief entered the room by using a key, which led police to suspect insiders' hand behind the incident.\"The hotelier has assured to cooperate,\" said an investigator. Police suspect employees and have already detained three of them for interrogation after going through the CCTV footages. \"We got the footages from the camera installed in the corridor and already have some clues,\" said an officer.In a rare incident, a guest lodged at a star hotel on Park Street lost Rs 2 lakh from his room. On the basis of his complaint, Park Street police station has initiated a case of theft and already detained three persons for interrogation. Police claimed that they will be able to crack the mystery soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861091", "title": "Sagar Sahani murder case trial nears end", "text": "PUNE: The trial in the Sagar Sahani murder case is nearing an end with the special court starting the process of recording the statements of 11 suspects in the case.Special judge S P Tavade on Tuesday questioned the suspects so that their statement could be recorded under section 313 of the Criminal Procedure Code. This will continue on Tuesday.The court has recorded the evidence of 54 witnesses, including that of deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav, who had investigated the case under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act ( MCOCA).Sagar, son of businessman Satinder Sahani of Yamunanagar in Nigdi, was kidnapped on August 14, 2005. He was allegedly murdered on August 24, a day after the family had paid a Rs 15 lakh ransom in Mumbai., through hawala channels after negotiating with Dubai-based gangster Aabid Ali. Sagar's body was found on the Mumbai-Vapi highway on August 26.The trial began on June 21, 2011. During the course of the trial, one of the suspects, Narayanbhai Govindbhai Jameriya (50) of Bodh village in Porbunder, had turned approver. Jameriya, a driver, had played a key role in the crime. He gave a confessional statement in 2010.The judge had separated the trial against Aabid Ali as he is in a jail in Hyderabad. The prosecution had earlier made attempts to seek Ali's custody, but in vain. The trial against Ali will commence after his custody is handed over to the Pune police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860881", "title": "Sugar production up 18%", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh is heading for a record sugar production this year. According to Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA), the state has produced 69.40 lakh tonnes of sugar which is about 18% higher than the previous year. The recovery of sugar from cane has been around 9.07%. Seven sugar mills, out of over 100, are still operational in the state, hence the production is likely to increase further in the coming days.Overall, the production has been high in the entire country. As per ISMA, 249.80 lakh tonnes of sugar has been produced till April 22, 2012 in the country as compared to 221.52 lakh tonnes in the corresponding period of sugar season 2010-11. This was an increase of about 28 lakh tonnes, or 13% as compared to the production in the same period last year.Maharashtra has produced 87.11 lakh tonnes of sugar till April 22, 2012, 8.5% higher than the previous year. Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have also reported higher production of 37.50 and 15.25 lakh tonnes respectively. Tamil Nadu is expected to produce another 7 lakh tonnes in the balance period this year. Andhra Pradesh has reported 12% more production than the previous year. The state has produced about 11.10 lakh tonnes of sugar so far.ISMA has estimated sugar production to be 260 lakh tonnes in 2011-12 season. The production is expected to increase further in the next season, 2012-13, as cane plantation area has increased to 44.12 lakh hectare as compared to 43.23 lakh hectare to 2011-12. tnnIf it happens, production will be higher than the domestic consumption third year in a row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858481", "title": "Bizman who hired minor as maid gets bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to a south Delhi businessman who had been booked for allegedly employing a minor as a maid and also allegedly torturing her, a trial court on Tuesday granted him anticipatory bail.Additional Sessions Judge R K Gauba allowed the plea of the man on the grounds that the documents submitted by him showed that \"the services of the prosecutrix (victim) were obtained through a placement agency, which had confirmed the age of the girl to be 16 years\".\"The plea of the applicant that he had believed the said representation about the age of the girl cannot be prima facie disbelieved at this stage. It would take the case out of the purview at least from his stand point, of child labour (prohibition and regulation) Act 1986 which governs prohibition against employment of children who have not completed 14 years of age,\" ASJ Gauba said. The court directed that the petitioner be granted bail on furnishing a personal bond of Rs 15,000 with one surety in the like amount.Moving the bail plea through his counsel Prabhjit Jauhar, the man claimed that he followed the due process in hiring the maid and he had also made the payment to the placement agency towards the wages of the girl. His counsel Jauhar also denied the allegations of any kind of torture.After going through the evidence, the court noted, \"the general allegations of having subjected the girl to physical assault, the same do not appear to have been indicated in the MLC when the girl was medically examined. The case does not fall within the mischief of hazardous employment against which there is prohibition in Juvenile Justice Act.\"The FIR was registered against the man under Sections 23 and 26 of the Juvenile Justice Act, 2000, after the maid was rescued by the Child Welfare Committee in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12866737", "title": "Man shoots at nephews, kills 1", "text": "THANE: A dispute over property between two brothers led to a blood bathon the streets of Divaon Tuesday, when one of the brothers whipped out his revolver and shot at his 26-yearold nephews, killing one instantly and injuring the other.Sumit Ramesh Mhatre died on the spot after two bullets fired by his uncle, Bramha Mhatre, pierced his chest and face, causing bleeding. Sumit's twin, Amit, who was riding pillion on the bike, suffered a bullet injury on his arm, but is said to be out of danger.\"The firing was because of differences between Bramha and his first cousin Ramesh over a shop in a building built by Bramha in Diva. The shop was leased out to Ramesh, who setup a wineshop. Bramha objected and wanted the shop vacated and returned,\" said Vikram Deshmane, deputy commissioner of police (crime).The issue had triggered bitter hostility between the families. Bramha reportedly assaulted a customer who purchased liquor from Ramesh's wine shop. \"Ramesh's sons Sumit and Amit resented Bramha's behaviour. Last night, there was a heated debate between the two families, which ended in both issuing threats to each other,\" Deshmane said.The twins are popular in the area and had a huge friend circle as they were regulars at the local gyms.On Tuesday, Bramha was driving through the crowded station area when he saw his nephews on a bike. An argument reportedly ensued and an irate Bramha pulled out his licensed revolver and fired three shots at the youths.\"GRP personnel at Diva railway station rushed to the spot hearing the shots and saw Bramha holding the revolver. Some youngsters who were accompanying Sumit and Amit over powered Bramha. The GRP men soon took over and snatched the weapon from him,\" a constable said.Sumit was rushed to a private clinic near by but the doctors pronounced him dead before admission. Amit is reportedly undergoing treatment at a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12867696", "title": "'Air taxis should be revived in NE'", "text": "SHILLONG: In view of poor road connectivity in NE region, a top central consultative body on Tuesday requested for revival of air taxis for shorter intra-regional routes in the region. P Srivastava, a member of North Eastern Council, told this to reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12861082", "title": "That little thing called spine", "text": "No, we don't want to hear Rabindranath. Instead, we want to hear about 8.08 Er Bonga Local, directed by Debaditya Bandopadhyay. The film is based on a real life incident, we hear. A girl returning from her workplace in Kolkata is received at the suburban station by her younger brother. One night a group of rowdies molest her, and when the brother protests, he pays with his life.There were many witnesses to this, we hear. Ananta Das - enacted by Tapas Pal - even saw the murder. But he refused to go to the police lest he too has to pay with his life. Such spineless - 'merudanda heen' in Tagore's tongue? - fill the world today, we hear. But pray, why won't they recoil from doing what's just?The miscreants wear the colours of some political party. They might even be the son or the brother of a very important clog in the government machinery. Can the police give the eye-witness any protection? Nah, today every child's messiah has his hands full. Must he not secure our elected leaders from who-knows-who-might-attack?So Ananta, Rina, you, me or us don't go to the police when we see our sisters being molested. Our money being usurped by union leaders. Our bosses accepting bribe to pass substandard material. Our co-passengers being hassled. Our kids being held to ransom. Our medicine shops refusing to return small change. And if we land up with fake notes? We quietly pass it on to the rickshawala, don't we!Will such silence of the lamb rule the days to come? What, then, will happen to cinema that thrives on badla? Will you say that's vigilantism? Shall we watch Rang De Basanti, or will you say: You can't take the law into your hands!Okay, we don't want revenge if it spills blood - but what about protest? At a very impressionable age we had seen a film called Ankur. It told of a zamindar, who abused a married servant and beat up her husband who worked on his farm. They couldn't protest - she was a woman, he was deaf and mute - but a child did, by pelting a stone.We saw that. We also saw Munnabhai sending flowers to Lucky Singh who conned seniors and sold off their home. And Mohandas - s/o Karamchand of Porbandar - did too, we hear, by simply refusing to eat, drink or be merry.What did you say - that was not protest but Satyagraha? Well, Tapas Pal gives it another name. \"Merudanda, it's a very dangerous thing,\" we heard him tell a TV channel. \"Once it asserts its existence, you'll do all kinds of reckless things!\"On the posters of the film that's releasing on Friday, Tapas Pal says: \"I am Ananta Das. I protest...\" Clearly he has decided to turn his back to the messiahs who said Forgive and Forget. Maybe he heard Rabindranath ask God: Did You forgive those who poisoned the air and blew out the light of your creation?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12865155", "title": "Social activists come out against caste polarisation in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid increasing polarisation of Jat versus non-Jat, especially after the Jats initiated agitation on the issue of reservation in jobs, social activists in Haryana have come out against caste conflict in the state.Probably in a first such initiative, over 200 prominent social activists, including leading lawyers and university teachers, would be meeting at a convention in Chandigarh on April 29 to plan a strategy to defuse the caste tension.A large numbers of Jats had come on roads demanding reservation in government jobs under OBC quota in March this year, like they did in September 2010. On the other hand, members of many other castes staged demonstrations in various parts of the state opposing the quota benefit to Jat community. Apart from Jats, members of 16 other castes gave representations demanding reservation under the OBC quota. Social activists feel that division on the basis of caste was visible during the Hisar Lok Sabha bypoll campaign in October 2011.\"The situation has become explosive after tension between Jats and non-Jats intensified following the recent Jat agitation, including road blocks. The situation is leading to almost caste war as it happened between Gujjars and Meenas in Rajastan, leading to several killings and violence on the issue of reservation a few years back,\" said DR Chaudhry, former member of Haryana Administrative Reforms Commission.A well known social activist of Haryana, Chaudhry is general secretary of Haryana Insaaf Society, which has taken the initiative to unite social activists on the issue. \"We would definitely initiate a statewide campaign to make people aware about the consequences of caste conflict in the society,\" Chaudhry said. \"Leaders of main political parties in the state is trying to exploit this situation,\" he alleged.Former spokesman of Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee, Ved Prakash Vidrohi was probably the lone leader of leading political parties in Haryana who raised his voice prominently against the Jat agitation. Vidrohi had even criticized the government of his own party alleging that it has failed to take strict action against the agitators of a particular community.A leading lawyer of Rohtak, Raghbir Singh Hooda, said, \"With the shrinkage of job market in the government sector, more and more communities are clamouring for a share in the quota pie, pitting one community against the other, threatening to unleash a caste war in society. Barring SCs and STs, reservation to all other castes and communities be provided on economic grounds as is the case with 25% reservation to weaker sections for admission into private schools under Right to Education Act as the caste based reservation in society tends to perpetuate the menace of caste.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860650", "title": "Art of turning scrap into substance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A picture of a horse made using shreds of broken automotive glass, a painting of the Buddha made using tea as medium and sculptures made of saw-dust. These were some of the items on display at an exhibition conducted by the Govt Women's College Continuing Education Sub Centre at the Museum auditorium here.The exhibition that concluded on Tuesday showcased the creations of the students ranging from mural paintings and jewellery to common household items like bed sheets.One interesting aspect of the exhibition was that most of the products on display were made using household and industrial waste. These included paintings made using surgical cotton and sculptures made of broken glass and saw dust.Dr Sudha Kumari, a retired Mathematics professor from the college and one of the coordinators of the event, said the exhibition was all about advertising the courses on offer at the centre more than anything else.\"We currently have 25 staff members and more than 700 students of different age groups from 3 years to 75 years. We offer 290 courses of varying duration from a few hours to up to one year. Courses like fashion designing and computer courses are generating a lot of interest from the youngsters. We are also looking for tie-ups with private and government organizations in order to provide job training and assistance for women graduates, especially ones from low-income households,\" she said.Sunitha, who did several courses at the centre talked about the impact it had on her life. \"After doing the course I started teaching them to others and then began marketing my works. Right now it is a full-time job which supports me and my family.\"Vinaya, a 60-year-old homemaker from Trivandrum, who has completed several courses said that she couldnot seem to leave the centre, \"I joined more than a year ago and its one of the best decisions I have ever made in my life. Once you join, it is very hard to leave, so I keep on looking for more courses\" she said.CESC Women's College has been organizing these exhibitions for the past 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12861179", "title": "Aashish appointed trainer of India U-16 City's star cricket trainer to keep India U-16 boys fit", "text": "NASHIK: The national Ranji champion team Rajasthan's trainer, and Nashik resident, Aashish Tibrewal, 26, has added one more feather to his already illustrious cap when the Bappointed him as a chief trainer of theIndia U-16 team's probables. India's top 24 U-16 players selected purely on merit and last year's performance, have congregated at the National Cricket Academy, Bangalore for the 40-day fitness and cricket development camp got underway from April 23.The camp to be concluded on June 2, will see Aashish looking after the strength training and conditioning of the trainees in a rigorous work-outwork-out schedule prepared by the BCCI in view of the jam-packed itineraries in coming seasons. \"BCCI understandably wants it's players fit and fine and for the last few years special attention and top priority is being given to the fitness of players. There is no compromise on this issue,\" said Aashish who recently was given thecharge as the Central Zone team's trainer for the Deodhar trophy.This former Maharashtra Ranji pacer, has been working as the Rajasthan team' s trainer for the last two years and both the years Rajatshan lifted the national championship. \" My contribution was small but I am proud that I kept all the players match fit throughout the season. He has also trained the Indian Women's team.With such a rich experience and successful career as a trainer, it was befitting that he landed the prestigious job of a strength and conditioning coachas trainer to the the India U-16 cricket team at the camp. His impressive resume made the BCCI's job easy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12861159", "title": "Saeed rejects Pakistan 'request' to stay out of public eye", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Hafiz Mohammad Saeed has turned down a 'request' from the Pakistan government to limit his public appearances and activities after the US announced a $10-million bounty for him, according to a report on Tuesday.Government agencies had \"advised\" Saeed not to participate in public rallies for the time being, unnamed associates of Saeed were quoted as saying by The Express Tribune newspaper.PML-N leader Pervez Rasheed, the spokesman for the government of Punjab province, said he was not aware of any such request made by authorities.Saeed's aides claimed the suggestion was made as the government fears the Jamaatud-Dawah chief 's continued appearances might draw a \"hostile reaction\" from the US. They said Saeed was \"adamant\" and would not accept any such demand.They said Saeed planned to address a rally organized by the Defa-e-Pakistan Council in Quetta later this week to mobilize people against the any government move to reopen Nato supply routes in Afghanistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12867038", "title": "Telecom set to be cash cow for govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government couldn't have asked for a better deal from the telecom sector, especially at a time when its fiscal condition is under stress.While telecom companies are crying foul over the expected high burden due to Trai's proposal to peg the floor price for fresh spectrum auctions at 10 times the cost at which they got licences during A Raja's term, the finance ministry is not complaining. Against the Rs 1,651 crore that the government had received by issuing pan-India 2G licences and spectrum, the regulator has suggested that the bidding for airwaves should start at around Rs 18,000 crore.Not only can it hope for a higher-than-budgeted mopup, Tuesday's Supreme Court ruling will also ensure that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will be able to get at least the budgeted Rs 40,000 crore from the auctions during the current fiscal itself. The court said that the auctions should be completed by August 31, against the telecom department's suggestion that it will take 400 days for them to complete the auction process.If the department's contention was held, the finance ministry might have found it tough to collect the spectrum and licence fee during the current financial year since the clock would have started ticking from February 2.And, there is a third gain too for the exchequer, thanks to Trai's recommendations last week, which help the government retain Rs 7,000-8 ,000 crore that it had mopped up from 122 licences that were allotted by Raja. The telecom regulator has suggested that there is no need for the government to refund the fee.So, Mukherjee's hope of \"Goddess Luck\" blessing him again may materialize just like 2010-11, when he managed to rake in over Rs 1 lakh crore by auctioning spectrum for 3G mobile and broadband services. That will not only help him improve his fiscal deficit score of 5.1% of GDP in 2012-13, but give the government more leeway in meeting the spending requirements.Within weeks of entering the new financial year, the government is staring at the oil subsidy bill crossing the budgeted Rs 43,600 crore or alternatively having to cut duties on petrol to ensure that state-owned marketing companies do not bleed due to their inability to link domestic fuel prices with the prevailing international rates.Besides, companies such as Bhel are not keen that the government sells its 5% stake through a follow-on issue to raise around Rs 5,000 crore, given the depressed market mood. A weakened Congress has also opened up the possibility of it having to give up on stake sale plans in companies like Neyveli Lignite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859236", "title": "Government plans slew of measures to implement RTE", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Supreme Court upholding the Constitutional validity of the Right to Education Act, 2010 with immediate effect, the education department is planning a slew of measures to ensure implementation of 25% reservation for underprivileged students.The government will hold a state-level workshop of nodal officers to share, discuss and suggest measures to overcome the challenges under the Act. Education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said: \"The department will evaluate the implementation of RTE so far to plan the next move.\"This year, many private schools had again given the excuse they have not received enough applications for the seats reserved under RTE. District education officer S C Meena said they seek the support of RTE activists and civil society to make the Act popular among the real beneficiaries.Munesh Kumar, a lawyer and RTE activist, feels that government has spend little on creating awareness on this Act. He proposed road shows and street plays to ensure that the beneficiaries should know how to exercise this Act. \"The economically weaker sections are still very apprehensive about the Act. For a couple of years, the government has worked in tandem with activists to deliver 100% results,\" said Kumar.TOI did a reality check to find out the awareness on this Act and found that many areas which have sizeable population of economically weaker sections are not upbeat. Most of them feared that they will have to follow a rigorous scrutiny process which involves lot of hidden cost.Prem Kumar, a mechanic from Adarsh Nagar, narrated his ordeal saying that this year he went to Seedling Public School for the admission of his four year old son. \"I was asked to bring an affidavit along with domicile certificate. Later they gave a number on a chit and asked to visit school after some weeks. Since then I went to the school several times but was never entertained by any school official,\" said Kumar, who is now planning to get his son admitted to another nearby private school.Meanwhile, student groups are seeing this as an opportunity to connect with the masses. Sumit Bhagasara, state president of National Students Union of India (NSUI) said that they had been distributing pamphlets and holding rallies in the slum areas to create awareness on this Act. The ABVP has also jumped into scene by launching a campaign against the defaulter schools for not following the provisions of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12861229", "title": "Govt plan for a museum on wheels goes off track", "text": "CHENNAI: In a setback for heritage lovers in the city, the museum on wheels, proposed by the Government Museum in Egmore, is off-track because officials reportedly underestimated the project cost.Sources said, museum officials got inputs from private agencies involved in similar projects in various parts of the country and estimated that around Rs 35 lakh would be needed. A proposal, including, funding and, other details, was sent to the Ministry of Culture which sanctioned the required sum a few months ago.However, when museum officials decided to rope in NSC, the New Delhi-based unit of the National Council of Science Museums (NCSM) to execute the project, they were told, to their surprise, that the actual cost would be Rs 45 lakh. The issue was discussed at a review meeting in Government museum at Egmore on Tuesday on the eve of World Heritage Day (April 18). \"The issue was discussed threadbare but we are unable to arrive at any solution to mobilise additional funds needed to execute the project. We are in a fix,\" sources quoted officials as saying.Museum officials, sources said, felt it would be embarrassing to request the ministry of culture for the additional Rs 10 lakh as they could be ridiculed for making a wrong assessment in the first place.The museuo-bus, sources said, was to have at least 35 displays, mainly portraits and photographs. Each portrait would be fixed on the windows. Stone sculptures, metal craft works, coins, art and craft, writings and manuscripts would be displayed inside. There will be walking space for visitors and the exhibits would be based on themes. \"Every week will have a new theme based on which the objects would be selected. This would help to break the monotony of objects. A curator will explain the features of rare objects to visitors,\" said sources.Tamil Nadu has about 170 museums, galleries and memorials. The Government Museum in Egmore has 12 sections, including geography, archaeology, anthropology and numismatics, and more than 30,000 collections. The concept of a museuo-bus is yet to take root in the country with only a few like the Chhatrapati Shivaji Vastu Sangrahalaya in Mumbai and the National Museum in Kolkata having mobile museums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865073", "title": "Notice to mariners", "text": "The government has issued a notice to all owners and masters of barges, passengers launches, ferry boats, tindels of fishing trawlers and operators of the mechanized and non-mechanized crafts, including the tourist boats, cruise boats, etc, plying in the Mandovi and Zuari rivers not to hinder a survey vessel that will operate in the two rivers from April 25 to 28. The survey vessel is actually a fishing boat named 'Baba Stephen', bearing official no. MFR-353-TISW, states a press note. The vessel is conducting a survey for the Central marine fisheries research institute, Mangalore Research Centre, Karnataka. The vessel will be conducting survey works on the studies of 'flow of matter through tropic levels and biogeochemical cycles in marine and estuarine ecosystem' in the Mandovi and Zuari estuaries.The survey vessel is 11m in length and will display a red flag of size during daylight hours and a red flashing light during night hours. All fishing boats, barges, passengers launches and other vessels are advised to 'keep a sharp look out, go slow and if necessary stop at safe distance so as to not to cause any hindrance during the above period', the press note states.Kerosene quota for April: Four litres of kerosene will be distributed during the month of April to ration card holders who do not possess having LPG gas connection. The card holders are requested to draw their SKO quota until further orders. For complaints contact Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Panaji.EMRI holds 108 Savior awards function: GVK Emergency Management &amp; Research Institute (108) Goa recently organized its monthly 108 Savior awards programme for March 2012 at its head office at Goa Medical College, Bambolim. Deepak Murty, director, Fomento Resources, was chief guest. Awards were given in the following categories: Goa 108 saviour award to Nethaji Bolla and Sameer Wadil; Goa state exceptional 108 case award to Sudha Naik and Sanjay Salgaonkar. For South Goa, the Collem unit of Shamarao Davanakate and Sushant Rama Gaonkar picked up an award, while for North Goa, the Mapusa neonatal unit of Faye Pereira and Suchit Sawal won honours. The emergency room - 108 savior award was won by Candolim-based Kasetti Srinivas, while the Goa state exceptional 108 case award was picked up by Sanquelim-based Darshana Gaonkar. The South Goa award was won by Chicalim-based Nazira Khan and the North Goa award was won by Sanquelim-based Ramesh Padala. In the emergency response centre category, winners were Sushant Naik, Rizwana Shaikh and Christaline Rego.POWER SHUTDOWNShiroda (Apr 25): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Shiroda bazar, Vazangal, Paz, Torl, Mankem, Soncrem, Tolponem, Shivanathi, Anandwadai, Uddain, Devaddem, Sakharwal.Dharbandora (Apr 25): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Sacorda, Bolcornem, Tambdi Surla, Satpal, Sancorda, Udhalxem, Okam, Shivdem, Dharbandora, Panshi, Cumbharwada.Cumbharjua (Apr 25): Between 7.30am and 12.30pm. Areas to be affected are entire Cumbharjua village.Cortalim/Sancoale (Apr 25): Between 9am and 1pm. Aeas to be affected are Housing Board, Zuarinagar, Cortalim church, Nova Palmar Pazentar, and areas under the jurisdiction of the village panchayat of Sancoale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861050", "title": "Teenage girl tries to kill self over land registration row", "text": "GURGAON: The 17-year-old daughter of a late head constable, who was with the Gurgaon police, attempted to kill herself at the Tehsil premises by consuming a poisonous substance. The girl, Poonam, took the extreme step after a person who had bought a plot from her and her sister Praveen refused to pay the entire amount agreed upon following which she could not get the sale deed cancelled.The late head constable, Roop Chand, had left a plot in Dhankot village for his family living in Laxman Vihar Phase II.His daughters had struck a deal with a relative, Sunder Singh, for Rs 1 crore. However, after the registration of the plot in his name, Sunder Singh went missing.Subsequently, the two sisters had given a complaint to deputy commissioner P C Meena demanding the cancellation of the registration of the plot when they met him on April 20. Poonam's mother said the DC had initiated the procedure for a resolution of the roblem but no action was taken against Sunder Singh.On Tuesday, the sisters Praveen and Poonam went with their mother to the Tehsil office but the Naib Tehsildar did not meet them. They then tried to meet the DC and when their attempt failed, Poonam consumed the poisonous substance in front of the DC's office.Onlookers called the police, who admitted Poonam to the Civil Hospital. Poonam's condition was said to be stable but she remained unconscious.Meanwhile, Naib Tehsildar Ram Mehar clarified that the girl came to the Tehsil office on April 18 for registering the sale deed of her land in the name of her close relative. He said that no transaction of money had taken place in front of him and that the entire transaction amount was already paid in the presence of witnesses.He said that after registration of sale deed the girl, who was seller of the land, had approached the Joint Sub Registrar-cum-Naib Tehsildar on April 20 and said that the entire amount was not paid to her. She insisted that the entire amount be paid to her or the sale deed be cancelled. If her conditions were not met, she had threatened to commit suicide. Ram Mehar had pacified her saying that the Joint Sub Registrar or the Sub Registrar did not have the power to cancel a sale deed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861079", "title": "Civic bodies told to pay up to avoid disconnection", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd has warned that power supply to 1,830 public water supply schemes in Pune circle would be disconnected if the local self-government bodies fail to clear the bill arrears running into Rs 17.53 crore.Sources in the distribution company said the company has announced an amnesty scheme under which it will waive off the interest and fine amount on the pending bills if the local self-government bodies pay the actual bill amount. \"The actual bill arrears of the 1,830 public water supply schemes work out to Rs 9.62 crore, which will have to be paid. The fine amount and interest on the arrears, amounting to Rs 7.90 crore will be waived, they explained. To avail of the amnesty scheme, the government bodies have to clear the arrears and the current bill.\"The company is even ready to allow payments in installments to make it easier to clear the dues. However, if the local self-government bodies fail to clear the dues even after giving such concessions, the company will disconnect power supply to the water supply schemes,\" sources said.The Pune circle has 35 high tension water supply schemes which owe Rs 2.96 crore to the distribution company. Out of this, interest and fine amount of Rs 1.04 crore will be waived if the local government bodies pay the actual bill arrears of Rs 1.91 crore. The circle also has 1,795 low tension water supply schemes defaulting on payment of Rs 14.56 crore. The interest and fine amount of Rs 6.85 crore could be waived off if bill arrears of Rs 7.70 crore are paid by the local self-government bodies concerned.Sources said distribution company officials will personally visit officials of the local self-government bodies to explain the amnesty scheme and to convince them to clear the bill arrears. The officials will also decide on payment terms through installments if the entities are not in a position to clear the dues in one go.\"Local self-government bodies not opting for the amnesty scheme will have to pay interest and fine with retrospective effect. Bodies not clearing the dues will face disconnection which could affect water supply to villages,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12867652", "title": "National Advisory Council identifies 5 sectors for development in NE", "text": "SHILLONG: The National Advisory Council (NAC), which was constituted to provide policy and legislative inputs to the government with special focus on social policy and the rights of disadvantaged groups, has formed a working group of its members for the development of the northeast. The group, in its initial phase, has decided to focus on health, telecommunication, civil aviation, higher education and access to financial services.In this regard, the North Eastern Council (NEC), being an advisory body to the government, took the initiative of hosting the 3{+r}{+d} meeting of the NAC working group in Shillong with state governments, RBI, SBI, other financial institutions and civil society representatives.Addressing a press meet, NEC member P P Srivastava described the 2-day meeting that ended on Tuesday as a landmark event to identify the potential of the NE. \"The aim was to gather the opinion of various government departments and analyze them to address the aspirations of the northeastern people and develop a perspective plan for the region,\" he said.He said the meeting stressed that implementation of programmes should be done in a time-bound manner by developing the infrastructure, for which a consensus is being developed. \"The working group of the NAC has requested the Union ministry of health and family welfare to prepare a draft perspective plan exclusively for the northeast during the 12th Five Year Plan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12858677", "title": "City to get new RTO office", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Residents will no longer have to go the extra mile to get their driving licences. Literally. In a meeting held last week, officials of Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC), RTO and the district administration decided that a new regional transport centre that will deal with licences and registration will be opened in Greater Noida. At present, residents of Greater Noida and Jewar have to travel all the way to the Assistant Regional Transport Office (ARTO) in Sector 33, Noida for the purpose.Greater Noida Authority will provide the required four-acre space for the centre. Once the RTO and the district magistrate approve the spot, construction work will begin. The move comes after repeated complaints and requests from residents for the need of a centre.\"The Authority has suggested a spot inside the premises of a centrally located bus depot in Greater Noida. A large portion of the depot remains vacant. We will inspect the spot this week,\" said MKS Sundaram, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar. \"Residents have been requesting for a centre nearby for a long time now. The existing transport office in Noida is extremely congested and we hope that the new centre will lessen of its burden,\" Sundaram added.According to the regional transport authorities, once the new centre is developed, licence seekers will be able to apply and complete formalities like the driving test for learners' licence and payment of fees at the centre itself. The licence though, will finally be issued from the Noida office.\"The move to make a new centre is a welcome one not only for residents but also for the overburdened staff at the Noida office. Once the proposed centre takes shape, we will try to wrap up most of the formalities at the new centre itself to minimize trouble for applicants saving them several trips to the Noida office,\" said a regional transport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864679", "title": "Dalgado Konknni Akademi: Konkani Cinema Day to be annual affair", "text": "PANAJI: Cinema is the best means of communication to put across various ideas and views, stated Fr Walter de Sa, principal of St Xavier's College, Mapusa.Speaking on the occasion of 'Konkani Cinema Day' celebrated by Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) in association with Tiatr Academy Goa (TAG), de Sa said some of the Goan traditions like football, tiatr and cinema are rich by nature and deeply rooted in the Goan community.Recalling the progress made by Konkani cinema, de Sa said that initially the Konkani film 'Nirmonn' in black- and-white format received a national award soon after it was released.\"Thereafter, the movement of films progressed and the film 'Bhuierrantlo Munis' was released for the first time in colour and shot in real life situations instead of the studio,\" he disclosed.Due to financial restraints and lack of technology know-how, de Sa said that there was a huge gap in the release of Konkani films thereafter.But again in 2005 with the release of the film 'Padri', he said Konkani films started flourishing with new releases like 'Antarnad', 'Aleesha' and lately 'O Maria'.De Sa said that in 2009, Laxmikant Shetgaonkar's 'Paltadacho Munis' was included among the world's best films. Referring to the courses offered at St Xavier's college, the principal said that many youngsters are opting for a three-year degree course in mass communications where the art of film-making has been introduced.\"After having gained enough knowledge in script writing and shooting, many students have produced meaningful short films on social issues and that too in Konkani,\" he said.DKA president Premanand Lotlikar said that the organization has always been working for the progress and development of Roman Konkani. \"The first tiatr, novel and film were released in Roman Konkani. But as there are many among the crowd who are tirelessly working to wipe out these firsts, DKA along with TAG have decided to celebrate this occasion annually in order to create awareness of its importance,\" he said.Till Konkani cinema gets its due recognition from the government, Lotlikar said that holding of such events will continue in the near future. With regards to holding workshops on film making, he said that if there are around 20 amateur filmmakers showing interest in the project, then TAG and DKA would not hesitate to hold one in the future with the help of various experts and technicians. TAG's programme officer Joy Fernandes gave a brief report of the history of Konkani cinema.He said that it was on April 24, 1950 that the first Konkani film 'Mogacho Anvddo' by Al-Jerry Braganza was screened.The highlight of the function was the screening of two recently produced Konkani films, 'Ghat' by James Pereira and 'Tumkam Visvas Asa?' by Xavier Colaco, who were guest speakers on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860743", "title": "Not enough spectrum for mobile TV services: Soni", "text": "NEW DELHI: The information and broadcasting ministry said it could not put in place a regulatory framework for mobile TV service as the available spectrum for the service was far below requirement.The ministry said this in response to a question by MPs Sanjeev Ganesh Naik and Supriya Sule.\"The ministry could not put in place a regulatory framework for mobile TV service due to non-availability of adequate spectrum in UHF Band V (585-698 MHz),\" I&B; minister Ambika Soni said.She said it had been estimated that at least 96 MHz spectrum would be required for mobile TV services on a pan-India basis. \"However, according to India Remark (IND 37) in the National Frequency allocation Plan 2011, the requirement of spectrum for Doordarshan 's digitalization programme and mobile TV services are to be met in the UHF Band V,\" she said.Soni said Doordarshan had projected a requirement of 64 MHz within this band for its digitalization programme. \"Therefore, the available spectrum for mobile TV services is far below the requirement,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860774", "title": "Auto fare hike? It's in your face", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace yourself for yet another round of auto fare hikes. And no, there is nothing official about it. Just weeks after transport minister Madan Mitra set up a committee to decide fare hikes, several auto unions in north, south and central Kolkata cocked a snook at him and jacked up fares on Tuesday. Madan insisted he had no news of it but auto operators have even started flaunting their own 'rate chart' - photocopies of which are pasted to the vehicles for the benefit of commuters.While the hike has been kept at a \"minimum\" of Re 1, local union leaders came up with every kind of explanations even as the central leadership claimed to have been kept in the dark. It raises the question whether auto unions are challenging the government's attempt to regulate them and fix fares on all routes.Among the routes where fare has been hiked arbitrarily are the Phoolbagan-Sealdah and Phoolbagan-Ganesh Talkies routes. What's interesting is that the first union is controlled by Citu, the CPM labour arm, and the other one is affiliated to the Trinamool Trade Union Congress. \"We have been forced to increase fares on the Sealdah route because we had not hiked fare in October, unlike other unions. The maximum fare from Phoolbagan to Sealdah will be Rs 6 and we have brought out a detailed fare chart as well,'' said an auto driver.The fare chart gives the whole business a quasi-official look though it does not have any stamp. \"This morning I took an auto to Sealdah and when I challenged the driver on being charged more, he flashed a rate card,\" a commuter told TOI.A few metres ahead, another driver on the Ganesh Talkies route said that they cannot manage with the police diktat of carrying four passengers. \"All the other routes from Phoolbagan carry five passengers - whether to Sealdah or Salt Lake. While we believe the transport minister will be sympathetic towards our problems, we are not forcing anyone to pay Rs 9 instead of Rs 8. The passengers are willingly paying us,'' claimed the driver.At the other end, the drivers of the less popular but nonetheless important route of Kalikapur (on EM Bypass) to Jadavpur are charging Rs 8 instead of Rs 7. That is not all. In some routes in central Kolkata like the Park Circus Lohapool-Esplanade, the uncertainty never ends. Passengers on this route pay anything between Rs 10 and Rs 12 during peak hours for the complete journey, while a ride to Mullickbazar can cost Rs 11. \"I don't mind paying a rupee or two extra to travel by an auto as in today's world everyone needs money to survive. But there should be some consistency in what they charge,\" said Abdul, who commutes regularly from Park circus to Mullickbazar.Many in south Kolkata, however, feel that the hike in auto fares has gone beyond just a rupee or two in prime locations and routes like Garia-Gariahat and Tollygunge-Garia. \"Just a few days ago it cost Rs 8 to travel from Garia to Gariahat, now it costs up to Rs 12,\" said Sreeja Sen, an MA student. \"I have been paying an extra Rs 4 to travel from Gariahat to Tollygunge for the last three days,\" said Swagata Karmakar, a journalism student.When TOI contacted transport minister Madan Mitra, he said he had \"no reports of these hikes\" but promised to look into the allegations. Auto union leaders, too, maintained that they do not endorse the hikes but said that \"unless the government revises rates quickly, such problems will continue to trouble passengers\". \"We are not aware of another hike this month. The last revision was in October through consensus. But, with three rounds of hikes in LPG prices, the government must act fast and allow a revision soon. Unless that is done, these local problems will continue to haunt them,'' said Pradip Saha of the INTTUC-backed Kolkata Autorickshaw Operators' Union. Kishore Ghosh of Citu was more guarded in his response. He said he would \"enquire into the allegations\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863809", "title": "Don\u2019t worry, there will be light, says Shobha", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka is staring at an unprecedented power crisis, following the tripping of four units of the RTPS. But energy minister Shobha Karandlaje appears nonchalant and is confident about overcoming the crisis. In an interview with TOI on Tuesday, she said the state government is ready with a contingency plan to minimize power disruption till June. Excerpts:How bad is the power situation in Karnataka following the tripping of four units of RTPS? It is the first time we were forced to shut down RTPS units due to the water problem. Normally, we shut units due to technical or maintenance issues. But there is no need to panic as we can tide over the situation with the help of our hydel reservoirs.What efforts are being made to restore the four units? RTPS needs about 2 lakh cubic metres of water every day to operate the eight units. After the four units were shut down, the government has taken measures to release water from Narayanpur reservoir and restricted farmers from pumping water directly from the Krishna basin. We hope the inflow will increase in the next few days.Why did the situation to come to such a pass? The problem is beyond our control. The drought across the Krishna belt caused the water shortage Foreseeing such a situation , chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda had, a week ago, written to the Maharashtra government requesting the release of water from Koyna dam. But they are yet to make up their mind.What if Maharashtra fails to release water? I am confident they will heed our demand. But if they don't , we will manage the show with our own hydel sources.Are Escom insisting on increasing power cuts? There is no such demand and I don't foresee any drastic problem to resort to power cuts.Why is Bangalore witnessing frequent power disruptions? It happens due to a technical problem in the transformers. Currently , only 50% of Bangalore is covered by reserve transformers . So whenever a transformer fails, we have no alternative but to get it repaired to restore power. That's why there was 12-hour power outage in South Bangalore recently.There are complaints that rural areas are facing the brunt of power shortages in the state. That's not true. We are supplying 18 hours of power with six hours of power cuts during the day. These six hours are split into three hours in the morning and three in the evening. If any village has power cuts at night, villagers are free to complain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12860253", "title": "Deadlock over state quota in TU continues", "text": "PATIALA: Over a month after Thapar University (TU) scrapped 50% quota for state students in its engineering courses, the deadlock between TU and Punjab government continues.While university authorities seem adamant on implementing their decision, \"lip service\" and lack of action by the Punjab government have raised questions about the seriousness of the state government to force the university to restore the scrapped quota.As per university orders, which scrapped the quota, Punjabis seeking admission in courses will have to compete with students at an all India level.Earlier, 400 out of total 800 seats were reserved Punjab students.When contacted, TU registrar D K Patnaik, who joined some days back, said that the board of governors of the university has taken a decision to scrap quota following new guidelines of admissions set by the University Grants Commission (UGC).In a press release, TU management claimed that university is a private deemed university that does not receive government funding. Removal of domicile quota will give a fair opportunity to meritorious students (from the state and outside) to compete for admissions, the release said.But students and various political parties have condemned the TU decision and have been organizing demonstrations in front of the university for the last many days.Punjab government has also woken up and has started efforts to compel the university to restore the quota. But many feel that the government has not taken the requisite steps so far.\"Punjab government is still wasting time in meetings. It must take legal action against the university. TU was set up on 256 acres, which was given by state government at concessional rates,\" said Gurmeet Singh, a local student.Though Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal on Monday has directed technical education department to take strict measures to restore the scrapped quota, but directions seemed to have little impact as senior authorities of TU, on condition of anonymity, said on Tuesday that they have not received any directions from Punjab government or from their seniors in this connection.TimelineMarch 09: TU scraps 50% quota for Punjab students.April 14: Punjab government announces to take up the matter with TU.April 20: Punjab chief minister writes to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal for issuing directions to UGC and Thapar University to maintain territorial quota of 50% in Punjab as prevalent in the past.April 21: Technical education department officers summoned TU officers to Chandigarh, but meeting failed to produce any result.April 24: Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal intervenes and directs technical education department for strict action against TU.Course SeatsElectronics and communication 180Computer engineering 110Mechanical engineering 110Chemical engineering 75Civil engineering 75Electrical engineering 75Electronics 75Biotech engineering 40Industrial engineering 30", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860443", "title": "Fans celebrate Sachin's birthday", "text": "KANPUR: Several cricketers and cricket fans celebrated the 39th birthday of cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar on Tuesday.Sweets were distributed after a function at Parade. Many senior and junior cricketers took part in it. Cricket coach Zahir Ahmad said that Sachin's 100 centuries in international cricket is a milestone which would remain intact for years.Cricketer Bhartendu Puri said that Sachin's contribution to cricket was significant. The cricketers demanded that Sachin should be awarded Bharat Ratna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12865867", "title": "New tracks to pose threat to CR commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: The laying of the fifth and sixth tracks between Thane and Kurla may promise more services but it has put Central Railway (CR) in a piquant situation: fixed structures like signal poles, though installed within permissible limits, are now much closer to the moving train. This means there's an increased risk of accidents when commuters travelling on a train's footboard lean out too much. The risk is enhanced further in case of commuters sporting bagpacks or other big-sized bags.On April 19, three people died and 31 were injured after being hit by part of a ladder hanging lose from a signal pole between Mulund and Nahur.The risk has further increased as more commuters began to carry \"haversack\" bag that dangles out of the commuters shoulder, bringing it precariously close to fixed structures like signal poles or Over Head Equipment mast.Chief public relations officer of CR V A Malegaonkar sought to quell these fears, saying, \"Indian Railways has schedule of dimensions (SOD) for broad-gauge tracks and coaches. No fixed structure is allowed to infringe on the SOD. That is why commuters, whether standing on footboard or seated inside the compartment, on board a moving train are perfectly safe from external fixed structures.\"SOD indicates an obstruction free zone within which railway coaches, wagons or engines move during travel. As per norms, a fixed structure should be located around 2.3m from the centre of the track. CR ensures that that fix structures are at a safe distance even from the maximum moving dimension (MMD) of a running train.An official said, \"When the suburban system had only four lines, fixed structures were located at a much safer distance than today. Even after laying additional tracks within the same area, we have been able to maintain the norms laid down in SOD for fixed structures.\"But officials, on the condition of anonymity, concede that fixed structures, despite being installed as per norms, pose a risk to commuters , especially those who carry bagpacks and lean out of moving trains. Malegaonkar said, \"Travelling on rooftops , window sills and excessive leaning out of coaches can be risky as SOD does not take into account unsafe methods of commuting.\"After laying of fifth and six track, the CR has stretch the system to its limit and there are not possibility of removing or relocating existing fixed structure as they fulfill the norms laid down under SOD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861094", "title": "2 held in Ganesh idol theft case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Tuesday arrested two men from Ahmednagar district in connection with the theft of a gold Ganesh idol from a temple in Diveagar in Raigad district on March 24.Kailas Vikram Bhosale (23) and Chotu Vikram Bhosale (19), residents of Ghospuri village, were arrested by a police team led by inspectors Sunil Pawar and Sunil Tambe.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde confirmed that the two had been involved in the theft of the idol. \"The duo was detained on the basis of CCTV footage obtained from the temple in Diveagar,\" Shinde said.An official of the crime branch said that the suspect who has the gold idol is still at large. \"Two crime branch teams are in Ahmednagar district looking for the suspect,\" he said.On April 20, a special squad of the Aurangabad police had detained seven people suspected of being involved in the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12867577", "title": "Veena Malik, Ashmit Patel to team up again", "text": "Veena Malik and Ashmit Patel will come together for a film. The actress has been signed to play the role of a supermodel in the film. Titled Supermodel, the film will be directed by Navin Batra.\"Veena's life as a celebrity has also gone through many phases and many controversies are surrounding her. Professionally also she is a successful model and actress and is the apt choice for the film,\" says director Navin Batra.\"Her body laungauge, style and poise is that of a supermodel as stated many times earlier by media and this makes her the right choice,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864853", "title": "139 persons file nominations in Tiswadi for Panchayat Polls", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 139 persons filed their nominations in 17 panchayats in Tiswadi taluka on the second day of filing nominations for the upcoming panchayat polls.In the Curca-Bambolim-Talaulim panchayat, three members have filed their nominations. Batim panchayat saw two persons file their nominations for ward 3, whereas Siridao panchayat also saw three contenders file their nominations.Santa Cruz panchayat saw seven persons file their nominations, while St Andre and Neura panchayats received only two nominations each. Merces has the maximum number of nominees with at least two contenders from most of the wards. Agasaim panchayat received three nominations from three persons, while Chimbel panchayat has nominees from four wards.In Azossim-Mandur panchayat, so far only two contenders have filed their nominations. St Estevam panchayat saw five persons filing their nominations, while Cumbharjua panchayat received nominations from five persons.Chodan-Madel panchayat has at least one nominee from all nine wards. In the Corlim Panchayat, a total of eight contenders will be contesting elections. Sao Matias panchayat saw eight persons filing their nominations. Carambolim panchayat received nominations from nine persons, while Se-Old Goa panchayat saw a total of 15 contestants filing their nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12860234", "title": "Search for victims ends at collapsed factory site", "text": "JALANDHAR: The search for dead bodies of victims from the rubble of the collapsed factory ended on Tuesday morning. However, kin of one worker of the factory, Radhey Mohan (40), are still looking for him and visited the hospital and the factory site even after the search operation ended.NDRF commandant R K Verma said that they had searched the entire debris till the ground floor but could not find any body. \"From our side the debris is clear and if still somebody is claiming that his/her kin is missing then police should investigate,\" he said. He admitted that Radhey Mohan's kin had approached him on Monday but nobody was found.Radhey Mohan's brother Satya Dev and his brother-in-law Hira Chand Chaudhary had come from Rohtash and Hyderabad, respectively, to search for him after getting information about the accident. His brother Satya Dev had told TOI that Radhey's mobile phone was switched off after the tragedy. On Tuesday they visited the Civil Hospital in the morning to know something about him and his brother even showed Radhey's photograph to some of his co-workers who are admitted or are taking care of the injured.Vipin, who was also working on the ground floor of the factory of Shital Fibers and was among some lucky workers who could come out of the collapsed factory, said that on the fateful night Radhey was also working on the ground floor. \"I had seen him working there in the nigh shift before the factory collapsed,\" he said. Another of his co-worker Anil also corroborated Vipin's claims stating that he also saw Radhey working there just before the building collapsed.His brother was even carrying his identity documents and after finding nothing at the Civil Hospital he again visited the site. While NDRF men suspected that somebody was there and strong stink was also there but they could not fine any. NDRF and Armymen continued their search for almost two days after the last body of Bhagwan Dass was found on Sunday morning but nothing yielded in the search.Jalandhar DC Priyank Bharti said that the rescuers had searched the entire debris but there were no signs even of a single dead body. \"He could have come out in the beginning. I 'll ask the police to investigate if they reach us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859496", "title": "NIA to appeal in HC for Pragya questioning", "text": "BHOPAL: The National Investigative Agency (NIA) will argue before the Madhya Pradesh High Court on May 2 as to why it was necessary for the agency sleuths to interrogate Malegaon bomb blast accused Pragya Singh Thakur in connection with the murder of RSS worker Sunil Joshi. The state High Court had stayed the questioning of Pragya Singh Thakur by the NIA last week.NIA sources told TOI that after interrogation of other accused persons in the case, the NIA had reasons why they wanted to confront Pragya Singh Thakur and question her. She has not been interrogated by the agency sleuths in this case so far and the first time questioning was initially scheduled for April 20.But as the NIA reached Bhopal on that day, a single bench of Justice G S Solanki granted stay on her interrogation after Pragya's lawyer filed a petition before the High Court in Jabalpur. In the petition, it was argued that in March 2011 the state police had already filed a charge-sheet against her in the same murder case in a Dewas court and hence, it was not necessary for her to be questioned again.RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi was shot dead under mysterious circumstances outside his residence in Dewas on December 29, 2007. NIA suspected his role in the Samjhauta Express, Malegaon, Ajmer Dargah and the Hyderabad Mecca Masjid bomb blasts. Based on Pragya Thakur's confessional statements before the Madhya Pradesh police in Mumbai, a 432 page chargesheet in the Sunil Joshi murder case was filed against her in a Dewas court on March 1, last year.The NIA had filed an application in the court of VK Pandey, Special Judge for NIA cases, on April 14 seeking permission for interrogation of all those accused in the Sunil Joshi case. The court granted the appeal and investigators reached Jaipur Jail on April 18 to question some of the accused persons. After their questioning, it was Pragya Singh Thakur's turn to face quizzing by the agency detectives.NIA legal team claimed that the stay order came before the agency could present its arguments before High Court. On May 2, we will go to the High Court and argue our case and reasons for the interrogation. It will be maintained that section 21 of the NIA Act which does not permit such a petition to be heard by a single judge bench.The accused Pragya Thakur's lawyer does not have the power to challenge the order of the Special judge for NIA. Only an appeal before the High Court is applicable. And the Act says two judges are to hear the appeal,'' an NIA legal officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866297", "title": "Mumbai-Ahmedabad AC double-decker train likely on tracks in June", "text": "MUMBAI: A comfortable ride on a double-decker, air-conditioned train between Mumbai and Ahmedabad could be possible as early as June. The trial run of the first such rake on the route has started.The Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will continue the trial of the fully AC rake for a month and, if all goes well, it could be running between the two cities very soon after that.The double-decker coaches will have 70% more passenger carrying capacity than that of Shatabdi chair cars, which seat 78 passengers. The chair car rake has stainless steel body, control discharge toilet system and high-speed design bogies with air springs for superior ride quality.A senior official said: \"The train will run six days a week, except Sunday. It has a seating capacity of 120 passengers per coach, of which 70 will be on the lower floor. It will have halts at Borivli, Bharuch, Surat, Anand and Vadodara.The new fully airconditioned, double-decker rake arrived from Ahmedabad at Mumbai Central on Tuesday. The superfast train was scheduled to run between Mumbai and Ahmedabad before February 2011 but could not because of design flaws. The design had to be modified after the trial on a similar Howrah-Dhanbad train revealed that the coaches grazed the platform surface at many stations.Designed by the RDSO and manufactured at Rail Coach Factory, Kapurthala, the width of the double-decker coaches on the Howrah-Dhanbad route is 3,123 mm. In the design modification, the railways decided to cut the width of the coaches to be used on other routes to 3,050 mm.The train is being tried in speeds ranging from 80-100 kmph to 130 kmph. After the month-long oscillation and route trials, the readings will be submitted to the Commissioner of Railway Safety.Western Railway already runs the Flying Ranee-double-decker services from Mumbai Central to Surat-but the coaches are not AC. A senior official said, \"Unlike the Flying Ranee, the commuting experience on AC double-decker services will be more comfortable, especially for those sitting at the lower level as they will be shielded from pollution.\"WR runs 25 services between Mumbai and Ahmedabad; the new service will help ease the burden on the route further.DOUBLE DELIGHT Train: Mumbai-Ahmedabad fully airconditioned double-decker superfastSeats: 120 per coach; 70 will be on lower deckNumber of coaches: 14Top speed: 110-120 kmphJourney duration: Distance will be covered in around 7 hrsTimings: Mumbai Central-departure at 2.20pm, arrival at 1.05pm; Ahmedabad-departure at 6am, arrival at 9.30pmFrequency: All days of the week except SundayService from: June", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865108", "title": "Civil court asks Tamil film producers to file counter", "text": "CHENNAI: Members of the Tamil Film Producers Council have been directed by a civil court to file a counter in a petition filed by A S Ibrahim Rowther , president, ad hoc committee of the council, on Wednesday.In his petition, Rowther said he was appointed head of the ad hoc committee through a resolution of the emergency executive committee meeting of the council on April 10. A general body meeting ratified it five days later. This was done with a view to \"looking after the welfare and interest of the association.\"With the council engaged in negotiating with Film Employees Federation of South India (FEFSI) members over the latter's revision of wages, Rowther said office-bearers of the association - S A Chandrasekaran, S Thanu and P L Thenappan - listed as respondents herein, agreed to accept the terms put by FEFSI members. This would affect the interests of all members of the council, Rowther said.However, the respondents and their associates came to the association office and tried to interfere with the workings of the committee, even threatening members with dire consequences . Rowther, in his petition, sought that the appointment of the ad hoc committee be declared valid in law and a permanent injunction restraining respondents from interfering with the business of the association under the command of the ad hoc committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859137", "title": "Doctor held for firing in PMCH", "text": "PATNA: The Pirbahore police late on Monday night arrested Dr Sunil Kumar Dubey, owner of a private nursing home at Langertoli, along with two other persons for opening fire on PMCH premises earlier in the day.Pirbahore police station SHO Asrar Ahmad said a PMCH trolley man, Kanhaiya, had asked some touts not to hover around a temple located near the Emergency ward of PMCH. On Monday, he again asked the touts to leave the place and had a heated argument with them.Ahmad said later Dr Dubey reached the PMCH with six persons on motorcycles. He searched for Kanhaiya but failed to locate him. \"Dr Dubey then allegedly opened fire in the air and escaped with his associates,\" the SHO said and added that an FIR against six persons was lodged with the police. It seems, he said, that some of the touts involved in bringing patients to Dubey's nursing home felt problems due to Kanhaiya's resistance and he reached there and opened fire to terrorize others.Ahmad said police later arrested Dr Dubey, his brother Kallu Dubey and his driver Soni Paswan in this connection. Raids were on to arrest the other accused who are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865495", "title": "Jr. NTR snubbed by Nandamuri fans", "text": "Is there a split in the Nandamuri family? Is NTR being cornered? Is there a split in the Nandamuri fan base? The latest publicity posters of Adhinayakudu erected by the Nandamuri fans in Vijayawada suggest that all is not well in the Nandamuri family. In fact there is no sign of NTR Jr in the latest publicity posters that have been put up in Jayaram Theatre. As is the norm the pictures of all the heroes of the Nandamuri family were on display including those of Nandamuri Mokshagna Teja, (son of Balakrishna) and Nara Rohit as well. But there wasn't a single mention of NTR Jr anywhere. \"It is definitely a snub to the Jr NTR. The actor has parted ways with TDP chief N Chandra Babu Naidu siding with his father Harikirshna instead. NTR Jr was no where to be seen when Balakrishna campaigned for TDP in the lead up top the by polls as well. But the issue is being kept under wraps for obvious reasons,\" says a source close to NTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12865062", "title": "32 primary schools seek to set up shop", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of education (DoE) has received 32 applications to set up new primary schools across the state before the beginning of the academic year 2012-13. In a majority of the cases, the applicants have proposed to open an English medium primary school.DoE officials said that 19 applicants have sought permission to set up an English medium primary school. Eight applicants have asked to be allowed to start Marathi medium schools and only four have applied for permission to begin a Konkani medium school. One applicant wants to start an Urdu medium school in Valpoi from the new academic year.Officials said that most of the applications received are for opening of new primary schools in North Goa.However, DoE is unlikely to clear the applications until a solution is reached over the medium of instruction (MoI) controversy, where parents had demanded that state grants be extended to English medium primary schools as well.\"The DoE has carried out a school-mapping exercise to determine the areas where new schools are required based on the population in the neighbourhood. The Right to Education Act of the central government has provided guidelines specifying the radius in a locality which requires to be provided a school. But applicants who wish to open new schools will have to wait till the MoI issue is resolved by the state,\" an education official said.The Digambar Kamat-led Congress government had accepted the demand by a large section of parents and approved the grants for English medium primary schools along with Konkani and Marathi schools. The decision was later challenged in the high court of Bombay at Goa and the decision to provide grants to English medium schools is now on hold.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has asked the director for education, Anil Powar, to prepare a proposal to reach a solution on the MoI issue. Parrikar is likely to approve a method of grants allotment by April 30 so that the controversy is resolved before the new academic year begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866272", "title": "Ananya is back on the sets of Nadodimannan", "text": "Injured actress Ananya begins shooting for her forthcoming film Nadodimannan.Ananya is a thorough professional. The actress began shooting despite being injured on the sets of her forthcoming film Nadodimannan.She fractured her leg while shooting for director Viji Thampy's film. The actress plays the role of Meera in the film. While shooting a scene, fellow actor Abu Salim pushed her away into a house and that's when the actress lost balance and fell down.Though she was advised to take rest for few days, Anaya reported to the sets soon. She did not want her injury to affect the film schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12859597", "title": "It's Murthy vs Somashekar for mayoral polls", "text": "BANGALORE: With just two days to go for the mayoral polls, lobbying intensified in the city unit of the ruling BJP on Tuesday.Aspirants for posts of the mayor and deputy mayor were knocking at the doors of all BJP leaders who mattered. They also sought to get some religious leaders intervene on their behalf.Katriguppe corporator D Venkatesh Murthy, who has been projected as the CM's candidate, appeared to be the front-runner, with B Somashekar (Shakhambari Nagar) and AH Basavaraj (Banashankari temple) giving him tough competition.The mayor's post has been reserved for backward class category 2A this time.Home minister and Bangalore in-charge minister R Ashoka held a meeting with senior corporators and city MLAs on the issue.This time, the deputy mayor's post has been earmarked for general category. N Nagaraj (Byrasandra), H Ravindra (Vijaynagar), Chandrashekaraiah (Hampinagar) and L Srinivas (Padmanabhanagar) are in the race.No woman corporator seems to be in the race for the two posts this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12865586", "title": "Mumbai terror attack: SC reserves order on Ajmal Kasab's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday reserved its order on Pakistani terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab's plea challenging his conviction and death sentence in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad reserved its verdict after a marathon hearing, spanning over two and a half months, of arguments by the prosecution and defence counsel in the terror mayhem, which involved random firing by Kasab and other mercenaries, killing 166 people.During the argument, Kasab contended that he was not given a free and fair trial and that he was not the part of any larger conspiracy for waging war against the nation.He had also maintained that the prosecution had failed to prove the case against him beyond doubts and told the bench that his right against self-incrimination as well as his right to get himself adequately represented by a counsel to defend himself in the case had been violated during the trial.25-year-old Kasab, had filed the appeal from jail challenging his conviction and death sentence. The apex court had appointed senior advocate Raju Ramachandran as amicus curiae to argue on behalf of Kasab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12862548", "title": "Google to sell Samsung Galaxy Nexus on Google Play", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, owner of the world's largest search engine, will begin selling an Android handset made by Samsung Electronics Co about two years after the company ended an earlier effort to sell phones online.The Galaxy Nexus will be offered on the new-devices section of the \"Play\" service, which features Android applications, music, books and movies, Google said on a company blog today. The initiative should fare better than an effort to sell HTC Corp devices in 2010, because Play service users are already looking for Android and Google services, said Jamie Rosenberg, the Mountain View, California-based company's director of digital content.\"We've come a long way since then; this is a different world now,\" he said. \"We wanted to offer in Google Play a great instantiation of the Google Play experience and the experience with Google services generally on a mobile device. Nexus has always represented that.\"Google, which makes most of its money from advertising on computer searches, is stepping up its focus on mobile devices and services. Android smartphones accounted for 51 per cent of all smartphone sales to end users in the fourth quarter, up from 31 per cent a year earlier, according to researcher Gartner Inc.While Google had offered HTC's Nexus One online in early 2010, it closed that web store after less than six months saying it remained a niche service for \"early adopters\" and failed to meet expectations.The \"unlocked\" Galaxy Nexus handsets will cost $399 in the US and run the latest Android software, Ice Cream Sandwich. They are designed to run on network technology that AT&T; Inc and T-Mobile USA employ, the company said. The device also comes pre-installed with Google Wallet, which lets users make purchases with the tap of a phone at some retail locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867540", "title": "Rights groups protest against NE mega dams", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-mega dam movement in the region gained momentum on Tuesday when 20 democratic and civil rights groups under the banner 'Coordination of Democratic Rights Organisation' (CDRO) pressed Delhi and Dispur to stop the ongoing constructions of the mega dams in the entire region until a cumulative impact assessment study throughout the region's river basins is over.A 20-member team from various social organizations across the country recently visited the Lower Subansiri dam site at Gerukamukh and Tipaimukh dam in Manipur. Now, they are busy preparing a report on the impact of mega dams on the livelihood of northeastern people. The report is said to be completed within June this year.\"We interacted with the people who are touted as the beneficiaries of the projects but the practical scenario tells a different story. Mostly, locals were given a wrong impression that the dam will help them enjoy facilities like hospitals, schools and roads. These people do not have any knowledge of the negative impact of the dam constructions on their fertile lands and rivers. The public hearings on dam projects were farce and people were mostly kept in dark,\" said Gautam Navlakha of the Peoples Union for Democratic Rights (PUDR), Delhi.Phulindro Konsam, an activist from the Coordination for Human Rights (COHR), Manipur said, \"The respective state governments of the northeast region are busy signing MoUs on dams. The much-hyped dams which were earlier shown to be multipurpose ones are only concentrating on power generation. But power is not the only problem in the region. The government should have a transparent policy on this.\"CDRO said their reports would be solely based on the people's democratic rights to live. The organization also expressed concerns over the massive displacement of families that are likely to happen due to the dam constructions.\"Though officially only 31 families will be affected by the Lower Subansiri dam, our findings say it will not be less than 700. About 3436 hectare of forest lands are going to be submerged. We are only trying to make the people at the grass root level aware of these realities,\" added Navlakha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12867863", "title": "Hugo to release on May 4, 2012 in India", "text": "The release date of the film has been finally disclosed by Viacom 18 Movies.On April 17th TOI.com told you, Martin Scorsese's much awaited Oscar winning film Hugo will be finally releasing in India after it was stalled initially.Viacom 18 Movies has now confirmed the release date of Hugo in India. The film is slated for a May 4 release.Viacom 18 Movies had said that Paramount Pictures were uncertain about the film's release in India earlier. The news spread like wildfire on the web and the Indian film enthusiasts expressed their outrage on Twitter by hashtagging #wewanthugo.The film which has been touted as a 3D spectacle can be finally seen on the big screen in India. The news comes as a big relief for Hugo and Scorsese fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864624", "title": "Dumper damages six parked cars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A driver of a dumper - which was laden with stone chips - damaged six parked cars near a Gurudwara on SG Highway on Tuesday evening while backing up the vehicle. One of the car owners has filed a complaint against the absconding driver with the Vastrapur police.According to Vastrapur police officials, a dumper of Shreenathji Dumper Service was driving in the service lane near Gurudwara at 5.30 pm on Tuesday. When it neared President Complex, the driver started taking the vehicle in reverse to take a turn.In the process, the dumper rammed into six cars one after another. Realizing the folly, the driver fled from the scene with the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12867851", "title": "Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh moves Supreme Court against Army chief VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh today approached the Supreme Court seeking CBI inquiry on the alleged role of Army chief Gen V K Singh in the purported bugging of defence minister's office and action against him for \"misconduct\".Government has already denied reports of bugging.The petition has been filed days after the Army chief accused Tejinder Singh of offering him bribe of Rs 14 crore for purchase of Tatra trucks. Following the complaint by the Army chief, the CBI initiated a probe into the matter.He also accused the Army chief of professional misconduct by making \"political statements\" while holding the key post. He said the Army chief had stated that Maoist problem in the country is the creation of the government when the Centre had sought help of army in naxal affected areas.Tejinder Singh also made the Army chief party in his petition.He has already filed a criminal defamation case against Gen VK Singh and four other senior Army officers in a trial court in which order is expected to come up tomorrow on whether the Army chief can be summoned by the court or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866436", "title": "Mobile company fined over global roaming", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum imposed a fine of Rs 18,000 on a mobile service provider for having failed to activate international roaming service for one of its customers, despite the customer having paid the deposit amount.The Central Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum held Vodafone Essar Ltd guilty of deficiency of service and directed it to pay Omprakash Bhadada (56) Rs 15,000 as compensation for mental agony and Rs 3,000 towards costs.Bhadada, a Mira Roadbased chartered accountant, had approached the forum after the service provider failed to provide outbound calls on his daughter's phone when she went abroad to Germany.\"It is true that due to deficiency in service on the part of the opponent (Vodafone), complainant's daughter and his wife suffered inconvenience and mental agony,\" the consumer forum stated.Bhadada had filed a complaint in July last year and said that his daughter Swati (26) was to travel to Germany for official work and had requested the service provider to activate international roaming on her phone. She even paid Rs 3,000 on August 24, 2008 as a deposit amount but despite being given an assurance, Bhadada alleged the company cheated them.He alleged that despite visiting a company store and maintaining regular communication with the service provider's representatives, no action was taken.Bhadada said his daughter Swati returned back on September 16, 2009 and when she went to collect the deposit money, she was told that it would be adjusted against her future bills.However, the service provider denied the allegations and said on the basis of the request, basic international roaming facility was activated that allowed users to receive calls and messages. The company also said due to a technical glitch, global roaming service was temporarily slow and alleged that on August 29, 2009, when a representative tried to sort out the problem, Bhadada was not cooperative.The forum did not buy those arguments and said it was the duty of the service provider to guide the consumer and explain details of the plan.\"It was Swati's first time abroad and she was all alone. Both my wife and I were not in a position to contact our daughter and had to wait for her to get in touch with us. This was very traumatic experience for us,\" Bhadada told Times of India on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859526", "title": "Yet another cop beaten up in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Close on the heels of the recent bashing up of a cop in the city, yet another instance of a cop being beaten up black and blue in Khudail area came to fore in the city. The incident occurred when the victim was going to execute a warrant on Sunday evening. The accused reportedly roughed him up and tore his uniform, said police.Constable Om Prakash Mishra and two of his colleagues identified as Sandeep Raghuvanshi and Rajendra went to village Mundla Dostdar to execute a temporary warrant in the name of one Mohan Lal. Lal, who was under the influence of liquor, allegedly beat him up. His relatives too joined the accused. Mishra sustained serious injuries in the incident. His uniform was also torn by the accused.Police have booked Mohan Lal, Shekhar, Radheshyam, Rakesh, Manjubai and many others under Section 353, 332, 186, 147, 148, 150 and 353 of IPC. However, all the accused are still at large.Three days ago, a constable Prahalad Singh Jadaun was beaten up by a few unidentified persons while he was patrolling at Niranjanpur crossing in the city. In another incident, a few drunkards snatched away the service revolver of a cop at Malharganj area and beaten him up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12862373", "title": "Maoists likely to release abducted Odisha MLA tomorrow", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists have decided to release abducted Odisha MLA Jhina Hikaka.The decision to free Hikaka was taken at the Maoists' 'praja' court, according to a lawyer of the rebels.The BJD MLA is likely to be released tomorrow at 10am, according to TV reports.Jhina Hikaka was abducted by Maoists on March 24.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12860040", "title": "Tourism sails to coastal areas", "text": "KOCHI: The winds seem to be just right for coastal tourism. For the past one month or so, coastal areas like Cherai, Vypin, Kuzhupilly and Munambam have been witnessing a slew of tourism-related festivals, ecotourism exhibitions, seminars and summer camps conducted with the help of local authorities.The summer heat has given these tourism-related activities a huge impetus. \"Anywhere in the world, summer is the best time to hit the beach. So, we planned to host offshore and backwater sports activities,\" said Suresh Pillai, secretary, Muziris Yachting Club.The Muziris Yachting Club and Scuba Cochin will be holding a water sports camp at Munambam beach (36km from the city) from April 26 to May 2. Here one can learn swimming, yachting, scuba diving and kayaking for a fixed fee.Apart from teaching those interested, the club will take free classes in scuba diving and swimming for children of local fishermen in order to make them self-reliant. These children can even double up as local coast guards at a later stage.Kovalam, Fort Kochi and Bekal were the coastal tourism hot spots in Kerala until 2011. K R Subash, president, Vypin block panchayat believes untouched beach spots in the district can offer domestic and international tourists a great break.We have managed to develop the area as a local activity centre, inviting kite festivals, sports club and ecotourism melas, etc. Seeing our success, neighbouring coastal towns too have started organizing tourism-related activities,\" said Subash.The Nayarambalam Village Beach Ecotourism Development Society in Vypin has been conducting tourism mela in April for the past three years.Pallathamkulangara (30 km from Kochi) recently received Rs 46 lakh from the DTPC to develop Kuzhupilly beach in the area as a tourism destination. \"The recognition is a great boost to our endeavours. We have been organizing a tourism seminar for the second consecutive year now, and local management students have been taking an active interest in it. Our aim is to make local citizens aware of the opportunities in tourism,\" said PJ Anirudhan, chairman, Panchayat Development Standing Committee.It has been planned to develop the Kuzhupilly beach on the model of the Marina Beach in Chennai, Anirudhan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12864829", "title": "Man found dead near Dodamarg petrol pump in Goa", "text": "Bicholim: The Bicholim police on Tuesday morning recovered a body of an unknown male near the Dodamarg petrol pump. Police said the well-built man, who is in the age group of 50-55, is fair complexioned and was wearing blue shorts and a white shirt. The deceased is 5.2ft tall, the police said.The body has been preserved at Goa Medical College morgue. PSI R A Shaikh has called upon the public to help in identifying the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12860060", "title": "Old woman tied up and robbed, police on the lookout for thief", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 70-year-old woman was robbed of three and a half sovereigns of gold jewels on Monday night at Sundarapuram, after the culprit tied her hands and legs with a saree. She was also injured on the right side of her ear when the robber attempted to steal her gold ear stud. A special team has been formed to nab the culprit.Police said K Kamalam lived alone. Around 12 noon on Monday, a man came to his house and introduced himself as Nagaraj, a painter from Pillaiyarpuram. He asked for a cup of tea and Rs 100 for bus expenses and Kamalam obliged to his requests. On the same night, during the power outage, he entered Kamalam's home and tied her limbs to rob her. He got away with a gold chain and gold ear studs she was wearing.On Tuesday around 6 am, Kamalam's son K Ramakrishnan (45) who lived at LIC colony in Sundarapuram, went to visit his mother and found her tied up with injuries. He immediately alerted the Podanur police.Inspector (crime) S Mariamuthu and his team rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry with the old woman. She told the police she suspected a painter she knew to be involved in the robbery. Immediately, a special team went to Pillaiyarpuram to interrogate the painter but he was found missing.\"A special team has been formed to nab the culprit. The robbery was executed very well. We have booked a case under section 392 (punishment for robbery) of Indian Penal Code,\" said inspector Mariamuthu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860797", "title": "Spaceflight stuck due to budget: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's plans to send a human into outer space could not take off as budgeted funds remained unutilised due the failure of Department of Space (DoS) to secure necessary approvals for the ambitious project.The Comptroller and Auditor General, in its report tabled in Parliament on Tuesday, also pointed out \"unrealistic budgeting\" by the Department of Space (DoS) as one of the reasons for the human spaceflight programme failing to get off ground.\"Due to unrealistic budgeting in the Department, a programme viz \"Manned Mission Initiatives/Human Space Flight Programme\" could not take off as the major portion of the budget allocation remained unutilised due to non-approval of the scheme,\" it said.The CAG also said that the DoS had obtained budget provisions of Rs 20 crore and Rs 210 crore for the programme which was not approved by the competent authority in 2009-10.\"Against this, an expenditure of Rs 19.02 crore and Rs 5.98 crore had been incurred on the Revenue and Capital sections of the programme respectively,\" the government auditor it said.The DoS surrendered only Rs 200 crore out of the unspent provision of Rs 204.02 crore from Capital section, it said. b Similarly, budget provision of Rs 100 crore and Rs 50 crore was also obtained during 2010-11 and the DoS spent Rs 12.90 crore %and Rs 6.37 crore respectivelyon Revenue and Capital sections, the CAG pointed out. pti\"Thus, the Department persistently obtained grants of Rs 230 crore and Rs 150 crore against which it expenditure of Rs 25 crore and Rs 19.27 crore was incurred on an unapproved programme during 2009-10 and 2010-11,\" the CAG said.The CAG wondered why the DoS had incurred expenditure of nearly Rs 45 crore when the scheme was not taken up due to its non-approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864604", "title": "Teen couple steals jewellery from girl\u2019s house, held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 16-year-old girl and her 18-year-old boyfriend were caught by Sola police officials on Tuesday for stealing cash and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh from the girl's residence. The duo had planned to flee but at the last moment the boy developed cold feet, blowing the lid the plan. Police have recovered the stolen goods from residence of the boy and a friend of the girl.Sola police said that Seema (name changed) a resident of Gayatrinagar in Chandlodia , came in contact with Hiren, a youth living in the same society in early 2011 and the duo fell in love. They decided to flee from their houses to be together. At that time, Hiren warned her that he does not have any money to sustain them.\"Seema thought about the issue over and over and found the solution in her house. She raided a safe in her house and periodically stole gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 97,000 and Rs 53,000 cash. Her father grew suspicious after the money was stolen and was even mulling over filing a police complaint. The girl had given half the goods to Hiren and half to one of her close friends. After the girl arranged everything , Hiren developed cold feet and refused to accompany her,\" said V K Zala, Sola police inspector.Dejected Seema approached a friend who contacted Seema's father and handed over the goods. The father contacted the police and narrated the incident after which Hiren and Seema were rounded up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859299", "title": "Rathore involved in criminal activities in jail, administration tells court", "text": "JAIPUR: In an application submitted to the special CBI court on Tuesday, the Jaipur Central Jail authorities accused Rathore of conspiracy and pressuring them using his political clout. The administration also requested that some facilities allowed to him by the court be scrapped.The jail superintendent claimed in the application that Rathore on April 19 managed to get sneaked into the jail a peace of paper on which his accomplices had written in detail about their strategy to run a political campaign against his arrest and other such programs. The paper had been hidden in the newspapers by the individual who provide them to Rathore on the directions of the court.\"The nature of criminal allegations against Rathore is serious and he has political clout. His ill intension is to put the jail administration under pressure. He is making demands even when they are against the law,\" the jail superintendent has said in his application.He further stated in the application that Rathore has not deposited money with the jail administration to provide him vernacular and national dailies. \"As per the court orders, an individual is getting him newspapers. Following the court orders, the undertrail is being provided a table and a chair in his cell. However, taking advantage of the court orders, the accused is running his political activities and involved in criminal activities,\" claimed the superintendent.The administration also claimed that the accused is being provided table, chair, foam mattress and pillow which is against the jail manuals.The superintendent requested the court to cancel the permission granted to Rathore for providing newspapers from his house. The administration also requested that the facilities like table, chair, foam mattress and pillow be also scrapped.Rathore's advocates had filed several applications in the court demanding various facilities for him since the day he was arrested by the CBI on April 12. After hearing arguments, the court had directed the jail administration to provide Rathore with a cooler (if recommended by a doctor), mosquito coils and other such facilities.The court had even summoned the jail official to give an explanation why they were not providing these facilities even after court's direction.Why the CBI chargesheet is weak- All the 28 prosecution witnesses give accounts of only incidents which occurred before and after the Dara Singh encounter.- No fresh evidence in the supplementary chargesheet- The attorney general of India gave suggestion to the CBI to gather more evidence against Rathore before arresting him as in his opinion, the present ones were insufficient- Rathore's name was not mentioned in the FIRs and other petitions filed in the encounter by Dara's family members after the encounter- The chargesheet against Rathore mentions only about incidents which occurred before or after the encounter- No call details records (CDR) of conversation between Rathore and liquor smuggler Virendra Singh Nyangali in the chargesheet.- Motive is not clear. The chargesheet says that Rathore got Dara killed as he was threatening the politician, but the relevant evidence has not been provided.- No CDR of conversation between Rathore and Add SP Arsad Ali despite the chargesheet's claim that Ali using his mobile phone made one Tilia speak with Rathore.- The chargesheet says that Dara threatened Rathore on May 8 which was sufficient ground to announce cash reward on Dara with the politician being a cabinet minister at that time.- The meeting of Tilia and Dara Singh in a jail has been motioned in the charge sheet however the CBI has not produced the record of the jail proving this fact- Supreme court and various high court orders against making details of calls between two individuals who already know each other as material evidence, so the calls between Rathore being a cabinet minister at that time and ADG AK Jain do not substantiate the charges against the politician.- Dara Singh was not in illegal custody of SOG for encounter on October 19 when Rathore and Jain spoke on the mobile phone- Rathore's claims of being present in state assembly and SMS Stadium when he spoke with Jain on mobile phone for law and order, not for planning Dara Singh's encounter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12859116", "title": "Gender swap: In new spin-off, Archie turns into Archina", "text": "NEW YORK: Archie, the iconic comic book character, will be getting a sex change and metamorphosize into Archina, in a new spin-off to the popular series.The Riverdale heartthrob will turn into a girl in August's Archie No 636 and while Archie Comics has been dealing with some serious topics of late, including gay marriage, the character won't be transforming due to hormones or an operation.\"There's some magic,\" Archie president Mike Pellerito said of the story, entitled \"The Great Switcheroo.\" \"It's really fun, silly and kind of goofy.\"The gender swap happens after Sabrina the Teenage Witch's cat hears Archie and long time love interests Betty and Veronica argue over who has it easier --boys or girls, the New York post reported.\"The grass is always greener on the other side,\" Pellerito said. Betty and Veronica are also affected by Salem's spell, becoming Billy and Ronnie in a world where they've always been boys and Archie has always been a girl.Pellerito said \"Archina is still the most popular kid in school,\" and she still can't decide between the filthy-rich Ronnie and the perfect boy next door Billy.\"Even in 'Reversedale,' some things are forever,\" Pellerito said.The hit comic, which was first published in 1941 in 'Pep Comics', has sold more than 1.5 billion and is published in a dozen foreign languages.The Life With Archie series, a spin-off from the original, follows the lives of the Riverdale High School students as they enter their 20s.In the original series, the characters were at high school.In 2010, the Life With Archie series was revived as a magazine-sized comic devoted to stories that grew out of the main character's wedding to his high school sweethearts Veronica and Betty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859630", "title": "Indore to get international cultural complex by Oct", "text": "INDORE: The dream of Indore residents to have an international level cultural complex will be realised in the next few months as the Indore Development Authority (IDA) board has on Tuesday decided to hand over the nearly-ready auditorium at scheme No. 97 part IV to state art and culture department. Now, Indore will also have an Art and Culture Centre in lines with the Bharat Bhavan at Bhopal.CEO, IDA, Chandramouli Shukla said, \"The IDA board has decided to give our auditorium at Scheme No. 97 part IV to the art and cultural department.\" He added the department would manage the auditorium and organise cultural activities, for which the IDA would charge a nominal fee.Indore collector Ragehvendra Singh said the auditorium was almost ready and now the art and culture department would take care of further modifications and interiors.\"Installation of sound systems, modification and interiors will cost around Rs 4 crore and it would be taken care of by the department,\" said Singh adding that the international art and cultural complex will be ready by October and it may host this year's Lata Mageshkar Award function at the new centre.The collector said that the move cut short the time needed for development of the complex. \"It would have gone for construction of a fresh auditorium than acquiring land and then constructing which would have taken 2 to 3 years. Now we will have complex in a few months,\" he said.IDA had started the construction of the auditorium around two and half years ago. It spent about Rs 5.9 crore for its construction. The auditorium complex is coming up on around 35,000 square feet area with seating capacity of nearly 1,350 persons. The department will spend nearly Rs 4 crore on it to make it ready for events.Meanwhile, decision was also taken to give a facelift to one of the oldest art institute of the state - Fine Art Education Institute, which is also known as Sasakiya Lalit Kala Sansthan. The institution, which has alumni like painter M F Hussain, was in a pathetic condition for the past few years.\"The institute will shift to Nutan School near Bada Ganpati on an ad-hoc basis and building that houses the institution will be renovated by Indore Municipal Corporation,\" said the collector. He added that Nutan School has enough space and it will host the institute till the time building of the institution gets renovated. He clarified that cost of renovation will be take care by IMC. However, how much money will be required for it can be cleared only after making survey and inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12850784", "title": "Katrina is a stupendous actor: Shah Rukh", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan has high hopes from the young players in his IPL team this seasonEven though Shah Rukh Khan is busy with his Yash Chopra film co-starring Katrina Kaif , he will take time off to boost the spirits of his IPL team. Says the actor, \"I am shooting currently, but when I get eight to 10 days free, I will fly down to Kolkata to watch the matches.\"\"Hopefully, I will complete the film by July and take a couple of months off. Only then will I decide what to do next,\" adds Shah Rukh, squashing reports saying that he will start Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express this year. \"I have been reading these reports, but I have not decided when I will start shooting.\"On another note, the actor is all praise for Katrina. \"I do a few films every year, and when I work with young actors, I learn a lot as they have a different way of doing scenes. Katrina is a stupendous actor. She approaches every scene differently, and as a co-star I have to adapt differently. That give and take has been absolutely fantastic,\" says SRK, adding that Anushka Sharma will soon join them in the film's next schedule.Coming back to the IPL, Khan is confident about the performance of his team this season. Does he have any strategies up his sleeve? \"I don't strategise...I am just an owner and support the team. We have some wonderful minds this time and they have been working very hard. I am glad that the younger boys have been doing very well. I have always been a big believer that if we have young guys doing well consistently, our team will stand to gain a lot. So hopefully it will happen this year, because most of our star players are doing well,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866682", "title": "Sacked priest steals idols, held while returning booty", "text": "MUMBAI: The police recently arrested a 24-year-old youth for allegedly stealing silver idols (serpent, its crown, a rod) weighing 15 kg and worth Rs 9 lakh from the locker room on the first floor of Swami Dnyaneshwar Math in Matunga between April 1 and April 3. Amarnath Mishra committed the offence to take revenge against the temple authority who removed him from the Math job for \"getting married\".A police officer said Mishra, who took up a taxi driver's job after being sacked from the temple, ferried the stolen property in a taxi and kept hidden in his Virar residence. However, he got worried when the police interrogated him. \"He panicked realizing that the cops were following him. This made him to return the stolen ware outside the temple. But the next day, on April 11, when he came to return some more stolen goods, Mishra was caught redhanded while trying to abandon it outside the temple,\" said the officer.DCP (zone IV) KG Patil confirmed that the accused had committed the offence after losing his job in the Math for getting married a few months ago. The case was registered on April 3 when Swami Shankaranand Saraswathi (60) found out that the valuables kept in the locker, situated on the first floor of the Math, were missing. The priest, in the complaint, said, \"In the night on April 1, he and a few others present in the temple heard a sound from behind the Math. We thought the sound coming was the work being carried out inside a garage near the Math.\"Cops quizzed all employees of the temple. Mishra was also called for interrogation. \"A police constable was assigned the job to keep a track of Mishra's movement. Finally, on April 10, the cop found Mishra throwing part of the stolen ware in front of the temple and speeding away. He was caught red-handed when he tried to repeat it the next day,\" said the officer.\"Mishra, employed with the Math since childhood, said the main priest had planned to make him in-charge of the Math. But there was a condition-Mishra had to be a bachelor throughout his life, which he failed to do so and got married. This cost him his job. He thought of selling the stolen property for money to meet his wife's demands,\" said the officer. Mishra has been booked for housebreaking and theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "caranzol", "code": "12864490", "title": "Lairai's dhonds set new trend with Ranmale at Caranzol", "text": "Caranzol: Devotees of goddess Lairai, setting a new tradition of sorts, staged a Ranmale at Caranzol village of Sattari taluka recently.The folk drama is performed, mostly by the farming community, during the Hindu New Year of Gudi Padwa, and for the festival of Shigmo.On Sunday, it marked the first day of the \"religious and cultural activities\" that the devotees will observe as they prepare for their 'test by fire' on April 27. On the list are bhajans (devotional songs) and dramas by theatre groups.From April 22, goddess Lairai's devotees, called dhonds, and spread across Goa and Sindhudurg in Maharashtra, have been fasting and observing austerities as they prepare for the Lairai zatra of Shirgao.Though the village, based in Bicholim taluka, is mining-ravaged, it attracts scores of devotees every year to the temple of Lairai where their devotion is tested by their barefoot-walk across burning charcoal on the night of the zatra.Reacting to Caranzol's devotees' Ranmale performance, Zilu Gaonkar, a folk researcher from Savarshe, told TOI, \"It's a new tradition established by the Lairai devotees. This will boost Goa's hidden and rich folk culture.\"Arjun Gawade, leader of the Hulaneshwar Cultural Troupe that performed in Caranzol, said, \"For the five days that we prepare for the zatra we reside at the temple of Shantadurga and eat vegetarian food. This year we decided to also express our gratitude to goddess Lairai by performing the Ranmale.\"In this folk drama both, the male and female characters are performed by male artistes. Folk musical instruments such as the dhol and taso offer the background score.The folk drama not only entertains village audiences through its scenes based on day-to-day incidents, but it also imparts moral values based on the epic, Ramayan.Characters in the drama include a barber, bamboo weaver, fisherman, businessman, dhangar etc.Suryakant Gaonkar from Bhuipal, who watched the performance, said, \"Lairai is the goddess of creation. She is the symbol of mother earth. The Ranmale, presented to get the blessings of Lairai and Shantadurga, was a memorable experience\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864852", "title": "Ahmedabad boy becomes national brain quiz champ", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A student of Kendriya Vidyalaya (SAC) in Vastrapur, Shivam Panchal, became the winner of the 5th Indian National Brain Bee competition held at National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences ( NIMHANS), Bangalore, on April 21 and 22. The student will now represent India at the international level of the Neuroscience Quiz series which will be held in Cape Town, South Africa, on July 21.Panchal represented the state after winning the Ahmedabad Regional Brain Bee which was held at Shalby Hospitals on January 22 this year. The competition in Ahmedabad pitted 30 students from 15 schools of the city against each other.The final-level contest in Bangalore included neuroscience quiz, clinical neurological practical exam, neuroanatomy round and the final written round. The competition had 13 participants from different regions who won at regional contests including in regions like Delhi , Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Chandigarh and others. Dr Arvind Sharma, consultant neurologist at Shalby Hospitals, was one of the Judges for the competition in Bangalore.The winner of the International Brain Bee Championship will be awarded 3,000 US dollars , a summer research fellowship with an acclaimed neuroscientist, and a traveling trophy. The first runner-up will receive 2,000 US dollars and the second runner-up will receive 1,000 US dollars.Indian National Brain Bee is a neuroscience quiz for 11th standard students who are interested in pursuing a career in health sciences . This contest has been created to encourage students of the science stream to explore neurosciences, understand the need for discovering cures for diseased related to human brain and central nervous system and also make students realize the opportunities in this area of biomedical research", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861022", "title": "Woman found hanging in hotel room", "text": "GURGAON: The body of a 27-year-old woman, a resident of Delhi, was found hanging from the ceiling fan of a hotel room in DLF Phase II on Tuesday. According to police, Prachi Sharma (27) and one Rajendra, a resident of Bharatpur, Rajasthan, checked into Hotel Aadhar in J Block of DLF Phase II, near Sikanderpur Metro station, around 11:30pm on Monday. Prachi gave copies of her voter ID card and PAN card as identity proofs, along with Rajendra, when asked for by the hotel staff. Later at 2:30am, Rajendra came out of the room and told the hotel staff that he was going to Behror, Rajasthan (between Delhi and Jaipur) in his car for some important work.On Tuesday afternoon, seeing that neither Rajendra returned nor Prachi placed any order for tea or food, a hotel waiter rang the room's bell but got no reply. He then tried to open the room's door but it was locked from inside. The hotel manager then informed the police.A police team headed by the SHO of DLF Phase II police station, Jungsher, reached the hotel soon after and opened the room's door with the help of the master key with the hotel authorities. Prachi's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan in the room.Police found the addresses on Prachi's voter ID and PAN cards to be fake. The address mentioned on the woman's voter ID card as daughter of Ashok Sharma, Teesra Pusta, Sonia Vihar, Delhi, was found incorrect.\"A mobile phone has been recovered from the hotel room. According to preliminary investigations, the woman might have committed suicide after Rajendra left as the room was locked from inside. Nobody has claimed the woman's body yet,\" said the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12864803", "title": "Jet ski injures bather at Baga in Goa", "text": "Candolim: Calangute police on Tuesday registered an offence against a water sports businessman for operating a jet-ski in a rash and negligent manner injuring a tourist from Bangalore.A complaint was lodged by the tourist, Chaya Prakash, in this connection. Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo told TOI, \"A jet-ski operator, Umesh Lamani, was arrested for dashing the vehicle against Prakash causing injuries to his head for which he received a few stitches. The jet-ski has been attached by the police.\"The jet-ski operator was released on bail with further investigation pending. Due to rough weather conditions and strong winds, water sports operators in Baga have been warned not to venture into the sea over the last couple of days. Tourists have also been warned not to enter the water. But, some jet-skis were allowed to be operated in Baga, even though the sea has been rough, endangering tourists who venture into the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864301", "title": "Cities across India set to board the Urban Bus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The name's rickety - rickety city bus - and it leaves its passengers shaken and stirred. That rattling steel box that has for years transported people from one corner to the other across cities of India is all set to become extinct.A committee in the Union urban development department is working on a special project - the Urban Bus - a sleek, low-floor bus with ergonomically designed seats and it has a little bit of Ahmedabad in it too.The 11-member committee , which includes professor Shivanand Swamy of center of excellence for urban transport , Cept University, will standardize buses across cities in the country. The committee will also make room for the 18-m-long articulate buses - popularly called caterpillar buses - to be inducted in BRTS services nationally.Traditionally, city buses are built on truck chassis, which are 1,100 mm high and require the fitness of a highjumper to get in. The proposed Urban Bus will have 400 mmhigh floors or semi-low floor at 650 mm from the ground. The new design will be applicable to towns and cities with population more than five lakh.A committee member told TOI from Delhi, \"The bus will change the way Indians enter and alight from the bus. There will be more room to stand with inbuilt extensions on foot boards for the disabled. We have suggested that the bus should be designed in a manner where a passenger would not need to climb any further after he enters the bus.\"The committee is hoping that once the bus has been standardized, all cities will be needed to pay within a fixed price band for each bus. At present, manufactures are charging drastically varying rates for the same bus to be sold in different cities. Interestingly , the committee will also suggest different engine requirements for city and state transport buses. While city buses have to stop at regular intervals, state transport buses travel long distances without stops.Senior bureaucrat S K Lohia is heading the committee which includes Urban Mass Transit Company ( UMTC ), Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) and Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), among others. Members met for the first time on April 9 in Delhi. The first draft of bus specifications will be presented on May16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860849", "title": "Businessman duped by Canadians of Rs 26.62 lakh", "text": "VADODARA: A city-based businessman has accused three Canadian nationals and three non-resident Indians (NRIs) of duping him worth Rs 26.62 lakh. Tour operator Hardik Dodiya told Crime Branch that the accused had promised him a job in Canada and had demanded money from him for processing the visa. The accused had got in touch with Dodiya through email in December last year. According to police, it seemed to be a scam similar to the ones where people are promised huge money via lottery by some unscrupulous elements.Dodiya told the police that the accused had contacted him and promised him a work visa in Canada. \"Dodiya used to surf several websites for searching information about Canada. The accused contacted him on his email id and said they would help him in immigrating to Canada. The accused asked Dodiya to deposit money in different bank accounts for processing visa and other documents,\" Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) police inspector Shankar Chaudhary said.\"They had even sent him a scanned fake copy of his visa to take Dodiya into confidence. However, after Dodiya deposited money, the accused started dilly-dallying over the issuance of visa. He got doubtful and contacted Canada consulate that told him that no such visa has been issued in his name,\" Chaudhary added.The accused have been identified as Carl Dickson, Nancy Liberton, who is immigration lawyer in Canada, Martin Oliver, Aryan Chaudhary, Jyot Singh and Ajay Saini. The police have begun investigations into the case and are making efforts to trace the IP address of the computer through which the emails were sent to Dodiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12864729", "title": "Govt plans special investment region at Becharaji", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government is all set to establish a new special investment region (SIR) near Becharaji, which became famous after Maruti decided last year to put up its new manufacturing unit with an investment of Rs 4,000 crore.Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said the state government has already earmarked 119 square kilometers area near the North Gujarat templetown of Becharaji. \"While exact boundaries are being worked out, most of the land on which Bhecharaji SIR will be situated is private, owned by farmers\" , a senior state official told TOI.Mott Macdonald, the well-known international consultancy, is preparing a complete feasibility report for setting up the SIR. \"The earmarked area is only for the first phase\" , the official said, adding, \"More area may be added later.\"The consultants will be submitting their report within two months and the survey is on, the official further said. \"It will be basically a manufacturing SIR, with automobile and engineering units as the main focus of attention,\" he said. \"The Maruti cluster is expected to form a part of the SIR.\" Strategically located, as it forms part of the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Becharaji has been chosen for a new SIR after Maruti found the spot useful for exporting its cars. With rail and road link towards Mundra port, on one hand, and rest of India, on the other, the spot it is believed can be useful from the connectivity angle.Several SIR proposals are pending with the state government. While two are under implementation -Petroleum , Chemical and Petrochemical Investment Region (PCPIR) between Bhaurch and Dahej, and the SIR at Dholera, south of Ahmedabad. More have been planned for Sanand and Changodar, in Ahmedabad district; Aliabet, in Bharuch district along the Gulf of Khambhat; Navlakhi, off the Gulf of Kutch; Pipavav and Simar, along the southern Saurashtra coast; and Anjar in the Kutch district.Sources in the state industries department say a major reason why the idea of setting up increasing number of SIRs has picked up is that under the SIR Act, passed in January 2009, land acquisition for industrial and residential purpose in SIR is extremely easy.\"All authority for any developmental activity in vested in Regional Development Authority (RDA) of the notified SIR, with local bodies like panchayats having no powers,\" the official said. \"An apex body, like GIDC or Gujarat Industrial Development Board (GIDB) in Gandhinagar, is supposed to monitor their quick development .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860865", "title": "Cops to experiment with more traffic curbs at ITO", "text": "NEW DELHI: There will be more traffic diversions in place today on a temporary basis at ITO. As an experiment, traffic coming from Minto Road towards ITO will have to take a compulsory left turn before Vishnu Digamber Marg to Kotla Road. No traffic on this stretch will be allowed to go straight towards ITO, and commuters will have to take a circuitous route via Kotla Road, take a U-turn on Bahadurshah Zafar Marg and take a left to Vikas Marg. Traffic police believe that this will reduce the signal time on the main ITO intersection.\"This will be done on an experimental basis on Wednesday and if successful, we will continue the same. If the earlier plan proves better, we will revert back.\"A major ITO diversion plan is already in place, these are just measures to fine tune the situation. It was found that there is a clash between vehicles from ITO and those from Minto Road both turning from Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg to Vishnu Digamber Marg,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic).This means that those coming from New Delhi Railway Station and Connaught Place towards ITO will have to take a left from DDU Marg towards Kotla Marg before Vishnu Digamber Marg. The narrow three-lane road will be made one-way for vehicles to travel to Kotla Marg, take a right towards Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, and take a U-turn to reach the ITO red light.Already, there is a long line of vehicles waiting everyday at the ITO red light on Bahadurshah Zafar Marg while travelling from Delhi Gate. The additional load of traffic diverted from DDU Marg to Bahadurshah Zafar Marg will only increase the waiting time at the signal, fear commuters.\"I travel from my office at Bahadurshah Zafar Marg to my Mayur Vihar residence and it takes a lot of time crossing the ITO junction. Despite the fact that there is a signalized left slip-road at the intersection, it takes me considerable time to cross the junction. I have to wait with the straight-moving traffic because the left turn is too narrow and there are always a large number of buses blocking the left turn. Sometimes it takes three signal cycles to cross the left turn,\" said Kaushal, a commuter.Traffic police said they had planned the diversions keeping in mind the large number of commuters from Tilak Marg to ITO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12860981", "title": "Pandit Hridaynath, Katdare, Ketkar to be honoured", "text": "PUNE: Well-known music composer Pandit Hridaynath Mangeshkar, cardiologist Anil Katdare and senior journalist Kumar Ketkar will be presented the 'Jeevan Sadhana Gaurav' awards 2012 at the 17th foundation day ceremony of the Bharati Vidyapeeth deemed university here on April 26.The Vidyapeeth presents the 'Jeevan Sadhana', which carries cash award of Rs 51,001 and a memento, to prominent personalities from different walks of life for their contribution to society.The Vidyapeeth ranks among the leading self-financing institutions of higher education in the country with 32 constituent colleges at multiple campuses spread across Pune, Navi Mumbai, Solapur, Kolhapur, Sangli and New Delhi.Together, these colleges including medical, engineering and pharmacy institutes, account for 27,000-plus students. The main campus in Pune is spread over a 72-acre area.Shivajirao Kadam, vice-chancellor of Bharati Vidyapeeth, said on Tuesday, \"We have applied a specific thrust on encouraging quality research by our students as well as faculty in the past few years. This has resulted in funding worth Rs 21.84 crore from various agencies like department of science and technology, DRDO and Indian council of agricultural research, among others.\"\"In the year 2011-12, the Vidyapeeth had 1,243 research papers presented by its teachers at national and international forums. This included 802 international paper publications,\" he said.Kadam said, \"The Vidyapeeth introduced 11 new courses during 2011-12 to add to its overall offering of 278 courses including 44 at under-graduate degree and 101 post-graduate level besides PhDs in 63 subjects and MPhils in three subjects.\"Noted literary figure Vasant Dahake, who is president of the 85th All India Marathi Literary Meet, will be the chief guest at the foundation day function while the Vidyapeeth's founder head and chancellor, Patangrao Kadam, will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "12864766", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya sees mixed response for gold rush in state", "text": "Panaji/Ponda: Timing is key and if one is a follower of Hinduism - it's all about the 'mahurat' or auspicious time. Akshaya Tritiya, one of the most auspicious days in the Hindu calendar is also an excuse to indulge in the Indian love affair with gold. The word 'Akshaya' translates to \"never diminishing\" in Sanskrit, thus explaining the link to the long-lasting yellow metal. The meaning has now been extended to accommodate automobiles, real estate and other products.Sunrise on Tuesday signalled it was time to commence the auspicious day's buying spree. Who better to make hay while the sun shone than town jewelers who announced discounts of all sorts two-weeks in advance. \"Our volume of sales doubled as compared to other days,\" said a beaming Vikram Verlekar, president of the Goa gold dealers association. Ratio-wise too, we seem to have had a 15% increase in sales as compared to last year. In South Goa, several Catholics invested in gold on this auspicious day,\" Vernekar added.\"The sale of jewellery and coins has been good and is a little higher as compared to last year. Consumers will continue to buy gold despite the escalating prices. Besides, there has been no major increase in the price,\" said Premal Javeri of Javeri jewelers in Panaji.Gold coins and bars sold like hotcakes with people wanting to make a good investment that would help them stand in good stead. Price is usually no deterrent when it comes to auspicious moments in this country. With the current rate burning the consumers' pockets - 29,500 for 10 g - consumers are forced to cut down on their purchases, limiting it to between 50 and 100 g on an average. Several jewelers across the state admitted to facing a slowdown in buying. \"There seems to be a decrease in sales today by at least 20% as compared to last year,\" said Dnyanesh Lotlikar, owner of Lotlikar jewelers in Margao.In Ponda, Akshaya Tritiya increased the sale of gold to about 30% despite the economic slowdown. Affirming the rise in sale of gold jewellery, Abhijeet Pednekar, a goldsmith from Sanquelim said people still prefer to buy gold as a tradition.\"If there was no economic slow down, the sale of gold would have been much higher. Those who earn five-digit salaries have no problem with the increase in prices. But, the poor can only dream of purchasing gold,\" he said, adding that the government must exclude tax on gold to bring down prices. In addition to gold, the sale of electronic goods has seen a 100% increase in Ponda.\"The sales have not been as good as the previous year or even this Gudi Padva. We have observed that the market has been slow. Last year, we sold 30 cars on Akshaya Tritiya, whereas this year sales have reduced to 20,\" said Prashant Joshi, managing director of Goa Hyundai and president of Goa automobile dealers association. \"A slight economic slowdown, increase in automobile prices and road tax (which has not been implemented yet) were some of the determining factors of the decline,\" he added.\"April, May and June are normally lean months for sales in the automobile industry. Besides, most people in Goa prefer buying gold coins and jewellery as compared to cars. Purchases are done in March before the end of the financial year, when people want to claim depreciation,\" Joshi said.\"We (gold dealers) have been eagerly waiting for this day,\" Verlekar said. With uncertainty looming in the economy, the day's proceedings definitely exceeded some expectations and disappointed others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860465", "title": "CM promises support system for women working late hours", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government will look into ensuring a support system for women working late hours and will earnestly implement the Nirbhaya scheme for the protection and rehabilitation of girl and woman victims of abuse in the state, said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Monday.He was speaking after presenting fellowships to women journalists at a function organized by the Network of Women in Media, India (NWMI).He said that the large number of women working in the media here is representative of Kerala's culture. The representation of women in the visual media is more in Kerala than in print media, he said.Kerala Press Academy chairman N P Rajendran said the representation of women in press clubs, council and media associations are far less in the state though many are active in the profession. The visual media channels are not governed by the wage board rules and working media journalists rules. Many visual media channels are registered under the Shops and Establishment Act and pay low wages to their employees, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859662", "title": "Fire averted, two rescued", "text": "INDORE: Prompt action by a software engineer, police and fire department averted a fire in a building that had already engulfed a dish TV shop there at Hiranagar area here on Monday night. Two persons, locked inside a room at a hotel in the building, too were rescued.The incident took place at Sukhaliya under the Hiranagar police jurisdiction at a double storeyed building housing office of a cable service provider -- Minakshi Service -- and a private hotel. The fire officials at around 12.30 am received a call from a software engineer Manish Gautam about the fire. The officials rushed to the spot with two fire tenders.Gautam said he saw smoke billowing out of the building as he stepped out of his house. He reached the spot and found two labourers locked inside the hotel situated in the ground floor of the building after which he alerted the fire and police department. The officials with the help of police broke open the shutters of the hotel and rescued the labourers. It took almost two hours for the fire tenders to douse the fire.The dish TV owner has reported that valuables worth lakhs of rupees were gutted in the fire. The cause of the fire is not known yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12858684", "title": "No clarity on toll tax, commuters worried", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Though Yamuna Expressway is expected to slash travel time between Noida and Agra to 100 minutes, its opening may pinch the pockets of commuters who frequent the 23.4km Noida-Greater Expressway. A 2003 agreement between Noida Authority and the developer of Yamuna Expressway mandates the developer to collect toll tax on Noida expressway once Yamuna Expressway is opened. However, the rates of toll tax are yet to be decided.Rama Raman, chairman and CEO of Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority, said that even though the final decision on toll tax would be taken by Noida Authority in consultation with the state government, GNIDA had urged the government to let Noida-Greater Expressway remain toll-free for some time. It had also suggested alternative methods of travel for those who did not wish to pay toll. \"We have written to the government that no toll be charged on the expressway for at least a year. We also want that service roads along the expressway be widened from single lane to two lanes, so that commuters who prefer to travel toll-free are not charged,\" Raman said.\"The MoU signed in 2003 says that when Yamuna Expressway is commissioned, Noida-Greater Noida Expressway will also be handed over to JP Group,\" Raman said. \"Once Yamuna Expressway is opened, users will have to pay toll tax. Simultaneously, a toll tax will also be applicable on the use of Noida-Greater Noida Expressway,\" he said.As per sources, the toll plaza is likely to come up about 500m before the Hindon crossing from the Noida side, after the Authority clears land for the toll gates. \"The final decision on the toll would be taken up by the new CEO of Noida, though the post is vacant at present,\" said Raman who also holds the post of YEIDA chairman and CEO. \"We have earlier communicated with Noida Authority on the issue but because of the frequent transfers of senior officials the result has been inconclusive. We are waiting for the new CEO to take charge so that the matter is resolved,\" Raman said.Meanwhile, commuters who have travelled along the Noida-Greater Noida expressway without paying toll for almost 10 years are apprehensive about how the decision would affect their expenses. \"I live in Sector 93A and I need to travel at least twice to Noida, Delhi and back for my work,\" said Abhilash Nandi. \"How many times will I pay toll?\" he asked. Another resident of the area said that his business takes him to Greater Noida and Delhi several times in a day and paying toll would make travel an expensive affair. Farmers from villages along the expressway lamented that they would be unable to bear the toll. Also, the way to their farm lands would be restricted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12860355", "title": "Hatia bypoll on June 12", "text": "RANCHI: The Election Commission of India on Tuesday announced that byelection to the Hatia assembly constituency would be held on June 12. The seat was vacant following the death of sitting Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Sahdeo in 2010.The commission, however, had to wait for almost two years against the normal period of six months to fill the vacancy as an election petition by BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sarda was pending in the Jharkhand high court. The petition was dismissed by the court last month after recounting of votes had once again made Sahdeo the winner.According to commission's deputy secretary Padma Angmo, notification for the bye-election will be made on May 18. The last date for filing of nomination will be May 25. Voting will take place on June 12 and the counting will be done on June 15.\"The model code of conduct will come into force with immediate effect in the district(s) in which the whole or any part of the assembly constituency going for byelection is included. It will be applicable to all candidates, political parties and state government,\" said Angmo.Welcoming the commission's decision, state BJP president Dineshanand Goswami said the party had been preparing for the byelection for the past six months. \"We will soon announce the name of the candidate,\" said Goswami. He, however, evaded the question on whether the party had any plan to field Sarda.Congress spokesman Sailesh Sinha said the party had faith on the voters of Hatia. \"We know that once again the electorate of Hatia will vote for our party and we will retain the seat,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12864931", "title": "27-year-old woman rescued in Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: Acting on a tip-off, a Margao police team led by PI Sudesh Naik carried out a raid in Fatorda on Tuesday and rescued a 27-year-old woman and native of West Bengal procured by the accused Nicalaou D'Costa from Ponda.The raid was conducted at a flat situated opposite the PWD building in Fatorda, in the presence of NGO members Dorothy Rodrigues of Bailancho Ekvott and Heena Shaikh of Savera after the police gathered reliable information about the incident.While addressing mediapersons, Naik said that the accused was arrested at the flat where the incident took place where accused was presently residing.\"Nicolau D'Costa, also known as Nichil and Nicky is 64-years -old and is from Amdai, Panchwadi in Ponda and has been placed under arrest for offences under Sections 3,4,5,6 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act of 1956,\" added Naik.Margao police sources added that further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864354", "title": "Fee hike: State govt puts riders on private schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Schools in Gujarat will not be able to hike fees in an ad hoc manner from next year. In a first, the state government has passed a resolution which gives specific guidelines to all schools, including private ones affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) and Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE), among others.The government resolution (GR), which will come into force from June 2013, states schools can set their own fee standard at the beginners' level - either junior KG or class I - so that parents can decide if the infrastructure is worth the fee. This will also help in deciding if it fits into their family budget. Besides, the fee can only be increased annually and not more than 10%. \"We had no rules to take action against schools which affected rampant fee hikes,\" said primary education secretary R P Gupta. \"Expect harsh measures against those who don't follow the guidelines.\" There are some 8,000 private primary schools in the state.In the past year, parents have agitated over fee hike of more than 15% implemented by a number of private schools. One school had even affected a 25% hike.\"This is a good decision as it will allow us to plan our annual budgets. My daughter's school fee was hiked from Rs 80,000 last year to Rs 1.05 lakh this year. Such hikes are unaffordable even for the affording class,\" said a senior executive of a multinational company.With the GR being issued, educationists are concerned about how many schools will actually implement the hike and how the government plans to monitor its enforcement. P 3TEACHERS TO GAINThe government resolution (GR), issued by the state education department, says that all teachers will have to be paid salaries through salary bank accounts. This will curb exploitation of teachers by many school managements who pay them peanuts - 1,500 to 4,000 only in cash The Sixth Pay Commission norms will be implemented by all schools, irrespective of the board and their affiliation with the government. This means better pay packets for teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864553", "title": "Financial assistance for higher education", "text": "The Goa government offers a financial assistance scheme to meritorious students who find it difficult to opt for higher/technical education in reputed institutes around India due to monetary constraints.Launched in 2011, the scheme is managed by the state directorate of higher education and assists students who have secured admission to any Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Indian Institute of Management ( IIM) or Birla Institute of Technology and Science ( BITS ), with grant of interest-free loan, Goa scholars scholarship etc.This week we look at the steps involved in harnessing assistance through this scheme.Eligibility criteria\u00b7 Any student seeking financial assistance under the scheme should have been born in Goa and domiciled in Goa for at least 15 years\u00b7 The candidate should have passed Classes X and XII examinations from any of the institutions located in Goa as regular students\u00b7 The candidate should be below 21 years on the date of application for under-graduate courses in BITS/IITs and below 25 years for post-graduate courses in IITs/IIMs\u00b7 The financial assistance scheme is made available only to those students whose annual family income is below Rs 10 lakh. For subsequent continuation of the financial assistance (renewal cases), the family income should not exceed Rs 4.50 lakh per annumDocuments required\u00b7 Application form for scheme for financial assistance for higher education/technical education. This form is easily available at the directorate of education office, without charge\u00b7 Mark sheets of Classes X, XII and graduation\u00b7 Family income certificate or Form No. 16 issued by a competent authority. The family income certificate can easily be obtained from the mamlatdar of the taluka where the applicant permanently resides\u00b7 Domicile/Residential certificate. This can be obtained from the office of the sub-divisional magistrate after submitting relevant documents\u00b7 Birth certificate\u00b7 Bonafide certificate from the institution concerned issued as proof that an individual belongs to that particular educational institute\u00b7 Duly certified fee structure by the head of institute where admission is sought or fee receipts issued by the institution\u00b7 A recent passport-size photographProcedure for application\u00b7 The directorate of higher education invites applications under the scheme from eligible students in the prescribed format on or before June 20 each year. The notification for invitation of applications mentions a deadline for submission, beyond which submissions are not considered\u00b7 Upon submission of the above mentioned documents (as attested photocopies) at the office of the directorate of higher education, the directorate selects the eligible candidates who are informed of their selection within one month\u00b7 Eligible candidates are then provided with the stipulated monetary compensation from the department in the form of demand draftsQuantum of assistanceThe amount of financial assistance provided to eligible students consists of the following components:\u00b7 Refund of fees paid to the institution subject to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh or actual fees, whichever is less\u00b7 A one-time grant for purchase of one laptop subject to a maximum of Rs 50,000 or actual, whichever is less\u00b7 An amount of Rs 15,000 per annum towards purchase of books, stationery, equipment etc\u00b7 A maintenance allowance consisting of hostel fees and mess charges of Rs 2,000 per month or actual, whichever is lessRenewal of assistanceThe financial assistance is continued in subsequent years only if the student passes the examinations conducted by the institutions concerned with not less than 60% of marks or equivalent grade. In order to be eligible for renewal of assistance, students are required to communicate to the directorate of higher education in writing about their performance in the qualifying exam.Points to remember\u00b7 Special provisions apply for SC/ST candidates\u00b7 Any student who is the recipient of financial assistance under this scheme is not entitled to receive benefits under any other scholarship of the government of GoaAddress/Contact detailsDirectorate of Higher EducationGovernment of GoaJunta HouseFifth floorPanajiGoa - 403001Phone: 2425585, 2120824Email: dir-dhe.goa[@]nic.inIf you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860818", "title": "Lalu Yadav bats for Hamid Ansari as next President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice President Hamid Ansari's candidature for the upcoming presidential polls gained momentum on Tuesday, when RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav supported him over former President A P J Abdul Kalam.\"Our Vice President Hamid Ansari should be made the President. He is a good candidate for the President's post. He should be upgraded as the President,\" an agency report quoted Lalu telling reporters in what marked the first public advocacy for any of the contenders for who succeeds Pratibha Patil in the Rashtrapati Bhavan.Although Lalu has often acted in tandem with the lead player of the UPA, there were no indications to suggest that he could be echoing Congress's views. Senior sources in Congress insisted that the outspoken RJD chief spoke on his own. Yet, his campaign for Ansari - the first by any senior leader for any of the putative aspirants for the office of President - can help Congress hold its own against efforts by others to thrust their choice on the party by brandishing \"secular\" considerations.Lalu's backing for Ansari comes against the backdrop of incessant speculation in certain quarters that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is working with West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee to goad a reluctant former President Kalam to take a fresh sigh at the office he had held five years ago.The RJD strongman was forthright in saying that Ansari's candidature was stronger than Kalam's. \"Kalam has already been the President. Now, Ansari should be made because he is an able person and his performance is also best in the Rajya Sabha,\" he explained.Significantly, Mulayam Singh Yadav also chose Tuesday to distance his party from the endorsement of Kalam's candidature by one of SP spokespersons, Shahid Siddiqui. A day after Siddiqui pledged his party's support for a fresh presidential bid by Kalam, an agency report quoted Mulayam denying that the party has worked out its stand. \"The party has not taken any decision on this\", the agency reported quoted Mulayam saying.When asked about Siddiqui's public pitch for Kalam, Mulayam tersely said, \"It may be his personal view, but the party has not decided yet.\"Lalu's support for Ansari comes amid the growing view among the political class that Congress may find it easy to mobilize support for a non-party person of its choice rather than a card-carrying individual. NCP leader and Union agricultural minister echoed the assessment on Sunday when he said that the effort should be to find a candidate on whom an agreement can be built.Former Bengal governor Gopalakrishna Gandhi too met Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik in Bhubaneswar, fuelling speculation that the visit was linked to Presidential polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12863411", "title": "Mayor is just a ribbon-cutting figure", "text": "BANGALORE : Who can be the Mayor of Bangalore ? Any backward class (Category 2A) corporator who is in the good books of either the chief minister or the city in-charge minister can consider himself or herself eligible for the post. This just about sums up the race for the post of the First Citizen , polls for which are to be held on Thursday.Bangalore's mayor has only a oneyear term and has no executive powers to take any decision that can bring about changes in the city. So whoever dons the post can at the best be a rubber stamp of the ruling party's MLAs and ministers from the city.In the absence of direct elections , the mayor's choice is primarily the subject of the politics of the majority party.The Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act does not envisage any administrative role for the mayor. But it anoints him or her as the First Citizen of the city and terms him /her as the custodian of the council proceedings.The mayor is the constitutional head of the BBMP but the executive powers are vested in the commissioner. The office comes with a lot of ceremonial responsibilities like receiving foreign dignitaries and delegates.The mayor, however, has the authority to call for a session where the 198 corporators can pose starred questions to the civic body's bureaucracy. These sessions do have the potential to bring under the limelight major issues concerning the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "sukma (chhattisgarh)", "code": "12859931", "title": "Even I could\u2019ve been taken hostage: Sukma SDM", "text": "SUKMA (CHHATTISGARH): Death stared Sukma sub-divisional magistrate S P Vaidya in the face on Saturday when Maoists abducted collector Alex Paul Menon.He was in a car along with Menon, assistant commissioner (tribal affairs) and block education officer and were about to return to Sukma from the remote Majhipara village. Menon had recently proposed the village for introduction of modern agriculture and horticulture techniques to boost income of villagers.\"The driver had started the car when three men walked up with guns and asked us to get off. At gunpoint, the Maoist cadres asked in Hindi which one of us is the collector.'' Menon identified himself. \"They told us to stay where we were and walked away with Sir (Menon),\" said Vaidya.He is still rattled. The thought that he could have also been held hostage has been giving him sleepless nights. Vaidya is also grappling with guilt pangs. \"But what could we have done? They were all armed,\" he said.Since April 19, district officials, including Menon and Vaidya, have been travelling to villages around the district as part of the Gram Suraaj Abhiyan. Under the programme, chief minister Raman Singh visits villages to check functioning of the government and listens to villagers' complaints.The CM was in Sukma on April 18, visited several villages close to Majhipara and flew back. \"This time, we were visiting villages where government officials have not set foot for long for the fear of Maoists,\" said Vaidya.Around 11 am on April 21, Menon, Vaidya and other district officials were at Gaadiras, a village in the Maoist heartland. Menon asked his driver to meet him at Kerlapal. \"The rest of us rode on motorbikes through roads cutting through villages,\" said Vaidya. On the way, they stopped at Barasetti village and Menon announced the construction of a hostel for adivasi students and repair of the public health centre building.\"We reached Majhipara around 3.45 pm. Tehsildars, block and panchayat officials were already present there. About 150-200 villagers were also waiting for the DM,\" said Vaidya. Menon announced schemes worth about Rs 3 crore, including electrification and digging bore wells in the village at the meeting.\"While the meeting was on, about three women in fatigues and about a dozen men carrying guns loomed up at the rear. They fired and people fled. There was utter chaos,\" said Vaidya. Menon ducked for safety when some of the Maoist cadres surrounded Kishun Kujur, his security guard, and shot him dead.\"After that, there was calm everywhere. The collector went where Kujur lay dead and whispered sorry,\" said Vaidya. Menon then called for Amjad Khan, the other guard, and Vaidya and got into his car with the officials. They did not know then that Maoists had chased and killed Amjad. Within minutes, they tookMenon hostage and walked away with him. \"We were shocked and petrified. After 15-20 minutes, we somewhat recovered and walked to Kerlapal,\" said Vaidya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859742", "title": "Abducted collector 'critically ill', govt rushes medicines", "text": "BHOPAL: The Chhattisgarh government on Tuesday rushed medicines to the abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, an asthma patient, after the rebels informed the media around Monday midnight that the IAS officer was \"critically ill\". Tribal leader and ex-MLA Manish Kunjam left with medicines after CM Raman Singh deputed him for the job.Late on Tuesday, the Maoists also named Prof G Haragopal as a mediator after Bastar's CPI leader Manish Kunjam and Supreme Court advocate Prashant Bhushan refused to mediate. Kunjam's gesture is only humanitarian.Prof Haragopal was the key negotiator during the days that led to the release of then Koraput collector R Vineel Krishna.The Hyderabad-based professor emeritus was named in a SMS sent by Maoist leader Vijay Makdam to mediapersons. \"Prof Haragopal is our second interlocutor,\" said the text message from Makdam. The rebels had named BD Sharma as a negotiator, earlier.The state government also named two former chief secretaries, including a 74-year-old retired IAS officer, to negotiate for the safe release of the collector. Raman Singh told reporters in Raipur that former Chhattisgarh chief secretary Suyogya Kumar Misra and former Madhya Pradesh chief secretary Mrs Nirmala Buch have agreed to mediate with the Maoists for securing the release of the abducted collector.With the Maoists responding by naming Prof Haragopal, there is hope that talks for the release of the district collector begin soon.Bastar's CPI leader and Adivasi mahasabha president Manish Kunjam, one of the mediators named by the Maoists for holding talks with the government, is carrying medicines to the Tadmetla area, a rebel hotbed where the Naxalites had massacred 76 security personnel in 2010.\"Kunjam has reached Chintagufa from where he is on way to Tadmetla area where the Maoists have asked him to come with the medicines. He is expected to reach his destination late in the night,\" said veteran CPI leader Chitranjan Bakshi.\"Kunjam has already communicated his decision that he would not become a mediator as proposed by the Maoists. Carrying medicines to the rebel camp is a humanitarian gesture. There is no question of Kunjam participating in any negotiations to secure the release of the abducted IAS officer,\" he said, adding that the CPI central leadership had also endorsed the decision.Kunjam has said he was opting out due to \"regional and political compulsions\", which he did not elaborate.Misra said in Raipur that he would first hold talks with the state government about the Maoist demands while Mrs Buch said in Bhopal that she would reach Chhattisgarh as early as possible. \"I am confident that the rebels would extend the April 25 deadline,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864039", "title": "Ajay Devgn's the Bruce Lee of Bollywood: Zayed Khan", "text": "Zayed Khan, who worked with Ajay Devgn in the action-thriller 'Tezz', is in all awe for the actor.Zayed Khan will be seen in Priyadarshan's action thriller Tezz next where he shares screen with Ajay Devgn and Anil Kapoor. Like Anil Kapoor , even Zayed learnt the art form of Parkour for some action sequences in the film. \"Parkour is free-based running through hurdles, artistically and very aesthetically, in a perfect gymnastic way and making it look beautiful\", explains Zayed. \" Tezz unfolds in a non-linear pattern. When we use such elements in action films, it brings a fresh appeal to it\".Ask him about working with Ajay Devgn and Zayed says, \"Ajay has a great action image. I mean who can ever forget his first action sequence where he does a split on speeding bikes. Especially at that time, it was like Bruce Lee has arrived in Bollywood. Ajay knows when to do his action and when not to do it - that's smart acting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864258", "title": "Farhan-Ritesh to make a foray into television", "text": "After producing path-breaking films like 'Dil Chahata Hai', 'Honeymoon Travels', 'Don', 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara', Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar are all set to make a foray into television space now.This producer-duo has been working with a team of writers for nearly six months creating something different for their venture on TV.There is a buzz that Farhan and Ritesh will do a mega game show, something that the entire family can view. The show is going to be very high on Edutainment - education and entertainment.\"Yes, Farhan and I both feel that content on TV has a huge potential. Television content is constantly evolving and we are excited to be entering TV at this point with a show which we feel the entire family can sit together and watch,\" Ritesh Sidhwani said in a statement.Besides, the game show will have the who's who of the film industry along with some popular sportsmen.Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has been hosting a popular game show 'Kaun Banega Crorepati'. Now, film star Aamir Khan will be seen on small screen in 'Satyamev Jayate'.There are some other actors who have entered in the television domain including Shahrukh Khan , Salman Khan , Sanjay Dutt , Hrithik Roshan , Preity Zinta , Dharmendra, Raveena Tandon and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863370", "title": "Simbu Devan plans for Vadivelu", "text": "Director Simbu Devan is planning a sequel for Imsai Arasan 23aam Pulikesi, say sources. The director enjoys a close rapport with Vadivelu and since the comedian is on a sabbatical, he has decided to bring him back to the fore with the sequel.Imsai Arasan 23aam Pulikesi, in which Vadivelu played the lead role was a mega hit. It was a complete comedy film that had the audiences in splits of laughter throughout. Simbu Devan is planning the sequel in similar lines and Vadivelu is gearing up to end his sabbatical.The director is working on the pre-production and all details pertaining to this project is expected to be announced in the days to come.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12866180", "title": "Vodafone: No tax notice before making payment to Hutchison", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vodafone has rejected as \"completely untrue\" the Indian government's assertion that the UK-based mobile group was notified it would have to pay withholding tax before making the payment to Hutchison in 2007.Vodafone, which had bought Hutchison's India assets in 2007 for $11 billion, said in a statement on Tuesday that 'at no point before the transaction concluded and the payment was made did any entity of the Vodafone Group receive any communication at any of its business addresses from the Indian Tax Authorities requesting a payment of withholding tax'.The mobile phone company was responding to finance secretary RS Gujral's recent comments that Vodafone had been notified that it would have to pay withholding tax before the payment to Hutchison, but had chosen not to deduct this tax. \"Prior to the closing of the transaction, some letters were sent by the tax authorities to Hutchison - we repeat, these were not sent by the tax authorities to Vodafone. In any event, none of these gave any indication that the tax authorities were re-interpreting 45 years of settled tax practice,\" Vodafone's statement added.Vodafone further claimed that the I-T department's letters to Hutchison referred to tax being liable in the event that shares in Hutchison Essar (the Indian business) were changing hands. \"Hutchison confirmed several times in writing to the tax authorities that no shares in Hutchison Essar were changing hands and therefore the transaction was not liable to tax in India,\" the UK-headquartered telco said.The telco also objected to Gujral's comments that it had been trying to avoid taxes in India through setting up tax avoidance structures. \"This is completely fallacious. The structure was set up by Hutchison, not Vodafone.This structure as well as the transaction was examined in detail by the Supreme Court, which concluded that it was a bona fide structured FDI investment into India which fell outside India's tax jurisdiction and therefore not taxable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12865152", "title": "Bardez block development officer suspended for election 'fraud'", "text": "PANAJI: Vigilance department on Tuesday suspended Bardez block development officer (BDO) Shivprasad Naik for his role in manipulation of the delimitation process of Calangute panchayat.The suspension is as per the recommendation of the state election commissioner M Modassir, who had asked that Naik be suspended, along with the Calangute panchayat secretary, talathi and clerk.On Monday, the government had suspended Calangute panchayat secretary Subodh Prabhu, clerk Fatima Fernandes and talathi Mahesh Samant. The officials will remain suspended, pending an inquiry and action would be taken after the state election commission (SEC) receives the inquiry report.There have also been allegations of irregularities in the voter records of many other panchayats ahead of the panchayat elections next month. In the case of Calangute, the BDO, secretary, talathi and clerk were found to be shifting names of a large number of residents from the ward in which they reside to other wards, villagers claimed.Villagers allege that the irregularities have been carried out in a manner that influences voting in favour of certain candidates. The government has also postponed polls for Calangute panchayat from May 16 to May 21 following a recommendation from the SEC.The corrigendum was said to have been issued on the advice of the Bardez BDO, Calangute panchayat secretary, panchayat clerk and talathi. It was a corrigendum on a corrigendum and the election was found to be being hindered due to alleged wrong data provided by these individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866821", "title": "\u2018Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal order flouted in posting\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has asked the state government to explain an allegation that a crucial post was filled at the behest of labour minister Hasan Mushrif ignoring a Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal's order.A division bench on April 19, 2012 were hearing a petition filed by deputy commissioner of labour Nandkishor Palve against an order of MAT passed in his contempt application.Out of three posts of additional commissioner of labour in the state, two belong to the open category and one is reserved. Palve's petition said his name was recommended by the principal secretary (labour) who opposed Anil Lakaswar's appointment to the post in Nagpur on account of a disciplinary inquiry. But even after two years when he was not promoted, Palve moved MAT. The hearing has been adjourned to June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860396", "title": "After year-long tussle, Norway kids are home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three-year-old Abhigyan and his sister Aishwarya, 1, were reunited with their family on Tuesday, nearly a year after Norwegian authorities placed them in foster care, citing \" emotional disconnect\" with their parents, triggering a bitter custody battle.The toddlers made it out of a crowded IGI airport on the arms of their uncle Arunabhash Bhattacharya, who has been given custody, their paternal grandmother and Abhigyan's Norwegian foster father. Their uncle, Arunabhash Bhattacharya, who has been given custody, accompanied the toddlers from Norway.\"Give them a big hug from me and on behalf of my parents,\" Sagarika, the children's mother, who returned to India a month ago, posted on Facebook. Their father, Anurup, is still in Norway.\"We are happy to have the kids back in India. The parents of the kids are also very happy,\" said minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur, who was with Krishna Bhattacharya, the children's grandmother, at the airport.There was joy in Kolkata too as the children's maternal grandparents celebrated their homecoming. \"It has been a long wait. I am happy,\" said grandfather Manatosh Chakrabarti. \"We are thankful to the Indian government for understanding our plight and helping us out. We are also thankful to the Indian media that kept the issue alive and pushed for justice. In the past year, sympathies and wishes have poured in for us from all over the world.\"Chakrabarti added that since the children had returned, Norway's rules may no longer apply. \"The law of the land should be followed. I think the kids have the right to mother's love and care and that will of course be restored.However, I also feel very sad that no one felt it was important to inform us or let the mother meet the kids when they have arrived in India. We have not been able to meet them,\" he said.\"Sagarika is also happy but she is at her aunt's house and will not respond today. We were not sure if the children were really being sent back to India till yesterday,\" said Chakrabarti. \"The family has been through a lot of turmoil. I hope that the kids live with their parents normally,\" he said. In her online post, Sagarika said, \"I don't know how my children are, but always pray to god they should be well in future.\" In an email to TOI, she added, \"Me and my parents fought since May 2011, our main concern was children should come back to India.\" However, she was unsure when she would be able to meet them.It has been a long ordeal for the family after the children were sent to foster care by the Norway Child Welfare Services. The agency said the parents were unfit to look after the children and cited \"emotional disconnect\" with the parents. In November, a local court ordered that the children would live in foster care till they turned 18. The verdict brought the children's grandparents to Delhi, where they held protests in February to garner support from people and also approached the government for help. Senior CPM leader Brinda Karat, BJP's Sushma Swaraj and Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar were among those who campaigned for the children to be returned to their parents.Besides efforts by the foreign ministry, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had taken up the matter with his Norwegian counterpart during the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul in March. Child rights activists and even Norwegian citizens had criticized the high-handedness of the CWS and campaigned for the kids to be returned to their family.Soon after, a special envoy was sent to Norway to resolve the issue. The CWS had said that the custody of the children should be given to Anurup's brother, enabling him to take the toddlers back to India. But the family had to wait for the court hearing to proceed.On Monday, the Norwegian court ruled that custody of the kids be given to Arunabhash. Right after the hearing, Indian embassy officials in Norway facilitated the children's return along with their uncle and foster father. However, there is ambiguity still on how long the children would have to be in their uncle's custody as the CWS has indicated a legal framework and follow-up method after the children return to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12867886", "title": "Mohanlal croons", "text": "It may be a fad for actors to lend their voices to songs; yet, every time superstar Mohanlal takes up the task, it has a special vibe to it.The actor has sung as many as 30 songs for various films during his career. It is now time for him to wield the microphone again - this time for director Joshiy's Run Baby Run.He will be heard singing a folk number called Aatumanal for the same. The flick's music director Ratheesh Vega is all praise for the actor's singing skills. \"Mohanlal's work ethics soar higher than any professional singer. He took his time over the number to ensure that each word was pronounced correctly ,\" says the musician. \"This is a new-generation flick and the songs reflect a slice of reality. It was director Joshiy's and scriptwriter Sachi's suggestion to get Mohanlal to sing as it brings in a certain amount of authenticity to the song.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860888", "title": "State's sluggish economy to test Akhilesh's leadership", "text": "LUCKNOW: What will change positively in Uttar Pradesh, which has attained the dubious distinction of being a \"sleeping giant' for its poor track record of development? When asked to comment, state's youngest chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said: \"I have ignited the emotions of people and I will not leave until the 'sleeping giant' is awakened.\"The remark made by the CM in an informal meeting may sound jingoistic, but the goal apparently is not easy to achieve. The generational change in UP electorate was signaled by the record turnout of young voters in the assembly elections. And, this has brought new challenges before the Samajwadi Party government.Apart from law and order, the issue of development is most critical. The state's economy is struggling with a sluggish growth rate, high poverty, deprivation, exclusion and poor human development. Successive governments in UP, particularly in the post-Mandal era (1991), are to be blamed for the present mess. The negative effects were produced by the competitive populist methods frequently resorted to by extremely fragile and instable governments. The trend changed when the previous Mayawati government got an absolute majority in 2007, something which happened in the state after a gap of 18 years. But, that did not reflect on the state's development.The concern is depicted by the state planning department that put a presentation before Akhilesh Yadav during a review meeting held recently. The one-sixth population of the country resides in UP. The cause of concern is poor development indicators. This is evident by the fact that UP's share to the national gross domestic product (GDP) has shown a constant decline. Since 2004-05, this has declined from 8.8% to 8.2% at present and is expected to go down further. The per capita income of UP, which was almost equal to national average in 1950, has now remained just half. And the gap is widening with every year.The tall promise made on front of poverty elimination by successive governments has rung hollow. The planning department presentation reveals that poverty declined only by 3.2% between 2004-05 and 2009-10. On the other hand, the actual number of poor has increased to over seven crore in the state. The average growth rate of agriculture is around 3%.What is cause of worry is that its contribution towards the gross state domestic product (GSDP) remains only 28%, while 62% of total population depends on it. This means the productivity of agriculture is not profitable and the sector has been ignored for its due attention in spite of its critical importance to a vast number of people, who constitute the small land holders and the agricultural labourers depend on them.Admitting the lop-sided priorities, the plan documents elucidates that development of areas where poverty reins supreme like Bundelkhand region and sectors like agriculture on which poor depend most have been blatantly ignored.Coupled with this, the problem is further compounded by poor investment climate in the state. This has adversely affected the growth of industry. Its share to GSDP is only 24% and this includes 13% of construction activities. In categorical terms, the plan document admits that investment climate and ease of doing business are precariously bad in UP as compared to other states. This is why UP is no longer a preferred destination for industries. Even many existing industries are moving out.Reliance on populist measures has done more harm than good to the state. The result is state's own domestic resources are much less in comparison to that of progressive states. The state's domestic resources contribute only 7% towards the GSDP. This has created paucity of funds and due to this, the implementation of schemes depend on the budget allocation rather than the planning process, which in turn becomes an exercise in futility.The challenges before the young CM include achieving 10% growth during the 12th five-year plan, reducing the gap in the per capita income between the state and country, removing regional disparities, attracting industrialists with favorable investment climate, mopping up state's internal resources, giving impetus to power projects and creating employment opportunities, besides good governance.After the eclipse of the national parties, UP seems to be heading towards two-party system, with the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party being the dominant players. Which way the ruling SP will go would depend much on Akhilesh's ability to meet the challenges and satisfying the aspirations of people, particularly young voters, who mainly want job security. To propel growth, there is need to balance and synthesise all divergent views and encompass all myriad aspects that are key to state's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860846", "title": "Army man's girl tried to play with pistol earlier too", "text": "VADODARA: Investigations into the death of a nine-year-old girl, who accidentally shot herself with a pistol, revealed that the victim had tried to play with the weapon earlier too. Sonia Shyam Sundersinh had shot herself with her father's licensed pistol when she was playing with it on Sunday at her home. She died later during treatment. Makarpura police questioned Sonia's father, mother and grandfather on Tuesday for over three hours on Tuesday.During questioning, the girl's grandfather said the weapon was always kept at their hometown in Uttar Pradesh. \"The girl, her younger brother and mother were staying in UP and had shifted to the city about three months ago. Though the pistol and licence were in the name of Shyam, he used to keep it at his hometown in UP. During questioning we learnt that the girl had tried to play with the pistol earlier too when she was at her hometown,\" Makarpura police inspector L M Monpara said.\"Shyam had scolded her and asked her not to touch the pistol again. But, according to her family she was quite mischievous and had the habit of looking around for things in house. She did the similar thing on that fateful day,\" Monpara added. Police were amused when Shyam told them that the pistol was kept under the bed and not in the cupboard. Also, Shyam hadn't used the pistol's safety lock that stops it from firing.Interestingly, the pistol was brought to the city by victim's grandfather about two weeks ago. \"He thought it would be safe to bring the pistol along instead of keeping it in a locked house back in UP. We are now trying to get the call details of the victim's parents to know about their whereabouts when the incident happened,\" Monpara said.The police are yet to decide whether to register an offence against Shyam for negligence. The deceased's father is an Army jawan, who has been posted in the city for a long time. He and his wife had gone to drop his parents at railway station and left Sonia and her younger brother Aum alone at the home. Sonia somehow found out the pistol and pulled the trigger accidentally that led to bullet injury in her head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "12860277", "title": "3-year-old shows polio symptoms", "text": "FATEHABAD: A three-year-old boy has tested positive for Acute Flaccid Paralysis (AFP) in the district. This has increased the worry of polio attack in the state. The patient, Sanjeev, is on treatment and excreta samples have been sent to PGI, Rohtak, and Central Research Institute (CRI) in Kasauli for further analysis.Sanjeev is the son of a labourer, and belongs to Bhuna block of the district. Sources said the boy's symptoms became known after Sushil, his father, took him to a primary health centre when he was not able to walk properly.Chief medical officer Dr Surajbhan Kamboj said the child shall be kept under observation and the AFP medication is being administered. \"Our team will collect more samples on Wednesday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12860064", "title": "Rain, hailstorm cool down simmering city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Heavy showers accompanied by strong winds lashed across the city and outskirts on Tuesday evening. At least 10 trees were uprooted in various areas and some of them had fallen on electric poles and cable disrupting power supply in the respective areas. Traffic movement was disrupted on arterial roads especially in RS Puram, Gandhipuram and near TNAU campus. Some localities near Thudiyalur had seen a hailstorm that lasted a few minutes accompanied by strong winds that flattened plantain fields in the area.\"So far we don't have any reports of any major injury due to rains in the outskirts of the city,\" said ES Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore Rural.The city has been simmering under a prolonged spell of summer heat until the sky opened up on Tuesday evening. However normal life was thrown out of gear as many office goers were stuck in the rain on their way back home. Minor panic prevailed on Chetti Street near Big Bazaar after a tree fell on top of the roof of a petrol station. Power supply was disrupted in various parts due to trees falling on power cables in addition to the supply being suspended as a precautionary measure. Electric poles were uprooted at various places in Kavundampalayam and Annur.Traffic movement was completely disrupted in RS Puram and near Cross Cut Road because of trees falling on to the main streets. Three trees were uprooted near RS Puram alone, one each at Shastri Road, Cowli Brown Road and another one near Sidhi Vinayagar Temple. A jeep, auto-rickshaw and a car came under a fallen tree near Crosscut Road.The showers began at around 6 pm and lasted for over 4 hours with varied intensity in and around the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12861206", "title": "NMC making part payments on bills", "text": "NASHIK: With bills piling up, the cash-strapped Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has resorted to making partial payments. The civic body's pending bills amount to Rs 416 crore.The proposed budget of the officiating municipal commissioner, P Velrasu, on March 31 brought to light the financial crisis in the NMC. Out of the Rs 416 crore yet to be paid, the public works department has to pay Rs 40 crore, according to sources in the department. From the information procured from the accounts department, the NMC has to pay a light bill of Rs 4 crore. \"Therefore, till May 1, it is not possible to pay any other bills,\" said a source from the accounts department.Officials from various departments said that they have been conducting meetings with their subordinates to calculate the total amount to be paid in pending bills of their respective departments and are trying to list the ones that have to be paid on a priority basis.NMC, Velrasu suggested bills be paid part by part so that all the bills get paid to some extent. He also instructed that no new work be undertaken.Velrasu said the NMC was in dire straits. \"We have put a blanket ban on issuing work orders for new works. The pending bills of each department are being paid through part payment. In some cases, part payment is not possible, like in road works. So we are working out solutions to pay the bills,\" Velrasu added.With pending bills piling up, the cash-strapped Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), has resorted to making partial payments. The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s pending bills amount to Rs 416 crores.The proposed budget of the officiating municipal commissioner on March 31 brought to light the financial crisis of the NMC. The pending bills of the NMC are Rs 416 crores and in order to clear the bills, the administration is paying them through part payment.Out of the Rs 416 crores, the public works department has to pay Rs 40 crores, according to the sources in the department. From the information procured from the accounts department, the NMC has to pay light bill of Rs four crores. \"Therefore till May 1, it is not possible to pay any other bills,\" said the source from the accounts department.Officials of various departments said that they have been conducting meetings with their subordinates to calculate the total amount of pending bills of their respective departments and are trying to list the ones that have to be paid on priority basis.To streamline things in a financially starved NMC, officiating municipal commissioner has suggested that the bills be paid part by part so that all the bills get paid to some extent. He has also instructed that no new work be undertaken.Officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu said that the NMC is in dire straits. \"We have put a blanket ban on issuing work orders for new works. The pending bills of each department are being paid through part payment. In some cases, part payment is not possible, like road works. So we are working out solutions to pay the bills,\" said Velrasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12863044", "title": "Groupon seek to appoint new directors", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Groupon Inc is seeking to hire at least two new directors to its board as it attempts to regain investor confidence following a restatement of revenue last month, two people familiar with the matter said.The largest provider of online daily deals aims to recruit a new director who could eventually lead its audit committee, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the plan is private. Potential candidates include chief financial officers at publicly traded companies, the person said.Groupon is responding to criticism that it misled investors after reporting a \"material weakness\" in financial controls and lower fourth-quarter revenue than previously stated. The stock has dropped 35 per cent since the March 30 announcement, and Groupon officers, directors and underwriters were named in a lawsuit filed by investor Fan Zhang in Chicago federal court this month.\"New blood would be good, particularly if they have strength in some of the areas they seem to be lacking right now,\" Edward Woo, an analyst at Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC, said in an interview. \"They need somebody with a skill set to help them stop doing these accounting irregularities.\" Irvine, California-based Woo recommends selling shares of Groupon.Eight-person boardNew directors would add to an eight-person board that includes founder and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mason, Executive Chairman Eric Lefkofsky and Howard Schultz , the founder and CEO of Starbucks Corp. The company held an initial public offering in November 2011.\"Companies who have gone through an IPO begin to look at board structure, and Groupon is no exception,\" Paul Taaffe, a spokesman for Chicago-based Groupon, said in a telephone interview. He declined to comment further on potential changes to the company's board.Ted Leonsis , the current chairman of Groupon's audit committee, is an Internet entrepreneur, sports-team owner and film producer. There are no current plans to replace Leonsis as head of the committee, one person said. His partnership in Revolution Growth, an investing fund that owns stock in Groupon rival LivingSocial , has been called a potential conflict by corporate governance experts such as Charles Elson, director of the John L Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware .Investor lawsuitZhang, the investor who sued Groupon, seeks class-action status on behalf of anyone who bought the stock from November 4 to March 30, and an award of unspecified money damages. Zhang owned as many as 3,000 shares from February 9 to March 6, bought for as much as $21.75.Groupon's restatement raised questions about why its auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP, didn't point out concerns sooner. The coupon provider has been working with KPMG LLP to address the causes of the material weakness, Taaffe said earlier this month.The company has struggled to get its financial statements in order since filing for its IPO last June. Groupon abandoned an accounting method for operating income after a review by regulators, and later restated 2010 results.Groupon shares rose less than 1 per cent to $11.96 at the close in New York , reversing an earlier decline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12861006", "title": "Seven held for fraud at open school exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five people have been arrested for impersonating students in the Class XII exam who had failed to clear it earlier. The crime branch has also nabbed two more people for being involved in the case. The gang constituted of school staff and a coaching centre owner who lured failed students by promising them 100% success in the open exam. The kingpin is absconding, said police.The gang would charge around Rs 7,000 from each student and send an impersonator to the exam centre, police said. According to sources, this ring has been operating for four years and the accused have duped over 1,000 people.\"On April 20, we received a tip-off and a team was formed under additional DCP Joy Tirkey. A raid was conducted at an examination centre - Secondary School at Sadatpur Extension, near Karawal Nagar - when the Class XII economics exam of National Open School was going on. Five impersonators, including a woman, were held,\" said Ashok Chand, additional CP.National Open School conducts exams at designated centers i.e government schools.The racket was being run by one of the managers of a school in southwest Delhi.The five impersonators, Jitender Kumar (18), Amit Chauhan (23), Satish Kumar (27), Vijender (20) and Shushma (30), have accepted that they were appearing for one of their relatives, police said. \"On their instance, further raids were conducted and an employee of the school, Ajay Kumar (22), and the owner of a coaching institute, Shashi Bhushan (36), were also arrested,\" said Joy Tirkey, Addl DCP, crime branch. Shyam Sharma, a resident of Usmanpur, is the kingpin and he is currently on the run. Sharma is the manager of the Senior Secondary School from where the impersonators were held,\" Chand added. Shashi Bhushan would distribute pamphlets and lure students to his coaching center. \"Bhushan assured the candidate success and he tied up with Shyam Sharma, manager of the Sr Sec School. Bhushan charged Rs 5,000 - Rs 7,000 for impersonation from each candidate. Out of this, he paid Rs 3,000 per candidate to Shyam Sharma,\" Chand added. The crime branch has written to the National Open School to have their invigilators present at the centers at the time of exam as they expect a national level racket being run in the name of open examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859172", "title": "Patnaites make a beeline for gold purchase", "text": "PATNA: The city witnessed a huge rush of gold buyers in the tastefully decorated jewellery showrooms as well as banks and postal department offices on the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday. Over 100kg of gold worth around Rs 30 crore was bought by the Patnaites.Various offers, gifts and discounts offered by the jewellers and the postal department coupled with marriage demand resulted in sales this year increasing by over 40% compared to 2011.Moni Shankersengupta, area business manager of Tanishq, Bihar, told TOI that by Tuesday evening they had sold over 18kg of gold worth around Rs 5 crore here. \"The affordable diamond range launched by us on the occasion in the price bracket of Rs 10,000 to Rs 25,000 was the most sought-after item this year.\"To lure buyers, jewellers here offered a variety of products for all sections of society keeping in mind their purchasing power. \"Buyers with deep pockets gave preference to precious and semi-precious stones studded gold jewellery, while those with budget constraints went for token purchases like nose pins, earrings, rings, 'jhumka', pendents and gold coins ranging from 1 gram to 50 grams,\" said Sachin Gupta, owner, Ginni Jewellers, at Boring Road. He recorded 35% higher sales this year compared to 2011.Shailendra Kumar of Nakshatra at P &amp; M mall told TOI that last year, gold prices on Akshaya Tritiya was Rs 21,700 per 10 gram, whereas this year it has gone up and reached Rs 28,900 per 10 gram. \"But price was the least concern of the gold shoppers here,\" said Kumar, adding, \"Whereas aged people preferred buying gold bars and coins as investment, youngsters were looking for lightweight jewelleries.\"Several banks also recorded brisk business. Bank of India's marketing head, Patna zone, Chandan Kumar said, \"We sold around 4kg of gold on Akshaya Tritiya this year, making a profit of over Rs 1.5 crore.\" AK Mohanty, chief manager, State Bank of India, said, \"Looking at the fluctuating stock market, people now prefer investing in gold as its price tends to increase. So, this year we sold around 400 gold coins, totalling over 5kg.The postal department was not left behind. Anil Kumar, marketing director, postal department, said, \"There was a huge rush of gold buyers throughout the day. We sold over 13kg of gold. Coins of 0.5 gram and 1 gram were in great demand. We sold over 2,500 gold coins of various weights on a single day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12864434", "title": "Father kills teenage daughter in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Nagar police arrested a 45-year-old hawker for allegedly killing his 19-year-old daughter by banging her head on the walls of their Baiganwadi house on Sunday. Mohammed Kitabbuddin Shah committed the crime on learning that his daughter Tabbasum Shah and was not ready to get married to the boy he had selected for her in a village in Uttar Pradesh.Initially the police recorded a case of accidental death. Shah misled the investigators saying his daughter's death could be because of TB and that she had died in her sleep. He cremated his daughter after the post-mortem was carried out on Sunday. However, he was nailed after the report showed the girl had died due to internal head injuries, the police said. Shah was picked up from his residence on Monday.Shah said his daughter was in love with his tenant's son for the last three months and he was against their relationship. When Tabbasum refused to marry the boy of his choice Shah killed her.insistedlearnt that his daughter was seeing the youth he fixed his daughter's marriage in UP. \"Shah had got the mail ticket booked to travel on April 25 to get his daughter married to a man of his choice who hails from their community. This led to frequent fights between the duo; father-daughter,\" said the investigators.The matter worsened on Sunday morning when the accused assaulted her and banged her head on the wall killing her on the spot. \"Shah waited till 5am and called his neighbours alarming them that his daughter is not responding and seek help to rush her to the hospital. However his luck ran short when the report showed the actual cause of death,\" said the investigators.Shah is booked under for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863377", "title": "Sargun had no issues renting a house", "text": "There has been a lot of noise about television actors finding it difficult to get a house on rent.Actress Sargun Mehta last seen in the title role of Phulwa had shifted to Mumbai because of her acting career. While shifting to Mumbai she had heard lot of horror stories about house hunting though she didn't face any of it.She says \"I had heard stories about single actors having problem in getting house on rent as they are said to be the ones who break major rules. I wonder what rules? Is it live in relationships which film stars or businessman don't go for or is it for partying? Which sector people don't party? I fail to understand why people are so averse to give house on rent to TV actors? I have stayed in Mumbai since one and a half years and the house I am staying in Malad West is the house I took on rent around seven months ago. Luckily, I didn't face any problem in house hunting and taking a house on rent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12860336", "title": "BJP RS move won't affect coalition, says Hemant", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren on Tuesday said the BJP's decision to field its candidate in the Rajya Sabha election would not create any fissure in the ruling coalition or affect stability of the government.\"The BJP, which had earlier promised support to the JMM candidate, has changed its mind and fielded its own candidate. We did not expect that the BJP would change its stand. But the JMM does not want to bring any kind of instability in the state,\" Soren said.Soren on Tuesday appeared before first class judicial magistrate Garima Mishra in connection with a case (GR 477/01) in which he was charged with assaulting Ashish Kumar, a resident of Sector-1 in city in 2001.The deputy chief minister recorded his statement pleading innocence before the court. The court will announce its judgment on May 5.Soren said the JMM had earlier taken the nod from Ajsu for fielding Sanjeev Kumar. Breaking the promise this time, the BJP has fielded S S Ahluwalia as its candidate. \"But I still believe that the Ajsu, independents and MLAs of other regional parties will cast their votes in favour of the JMM candidate,\" he added.On the allegations of senior Congress leader Chandrashekhar Dubey that Dheeraj Sahu had purchased votes by giving Rs 25 lakh to MLAs during the 2010 Rajya Sabha poll, Soren said if Dubey was so certain he should provide evidences in this regard and become a witness for the agency investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12859887", "title": "Little boy eyes Guinness record", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Nine and-a-half year old Aadil of Chaliyar is all thrilled about his maiden attempt to find a place in the Guinness Book of World Records in the swimming category.He is set to swim with his hands and legs tied at Beypore on April 25.This fourth standard student of Crescent Public School in Chaliyam said he would set off from the Dolphin Point in Beypore at 8am, and would cover two nautical miles to reach Chaliyar River in four hours.Aadil sounded very confident about surpassing the Guinness record set by 10-year-old Huang Li of China. She swam more than a nautical mile in the Xiang River in 2007, taking four hours. Through his feat, he also wants to convey the message of 'coastal safety and employment security' for the fisher folk in coastal areas.Little Aadil started swimming at the age of three under the guidance of his father, Abdulla Kutty, who runs a tea stall in Chaliyam. Interestingly, Aadil has not participated in any swimming competition. Since he did not have access to swimming pools, he first learned swimming in a pond, then switched over to a lake, and then fell in love with Chaliyar River.Abdulla Kutty, who has been training his son for the past six and-a-half years, told TOI that he was confident his son would achieve the rare feat.He said his son had been practising for the Guinness record for the past two and-a-half years.An organizing committee has also been constituted to sponsor the event. Its convener, E Abdurazak, said all arrangements for the event had been completed.The committee will send the unedited video of the event to Guinness world record officials after the record-seeking deed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12861240", "title": "High court stays registration of Emaar villa plots", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Tuesday stayed the recent order of a single judge that allowed registration of Emaar plots. The single judge, after hearing the Emaar villa plot owners association and others, allowed registrations subject to an extra payment to the APIIC.The division bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar stayed this order while hearing an appeal by the state and the APIIC that wanted the suspension of the single judge order because it's fraught with danger of property being transferred to third parties.\"Moreover, when the whole issue is being probed by CBI, allowing registrations may accord legitimacy to the fraudulent acts of the perpetrators of the scam,\" the appellants contended. The bench observed that the matter needed deeper probe and sought to know the details of the original promoter of the Dubai company. \"What permissions did they possess at the beginning to enter into such deals with an Indian state?\" the bench said and posted the matter to be listed after vacation for further hearing.A division bench of the high court comprising Justice G Rohini and Justice Ashutosh Mohunta on Tuesday stayed the appointment of 13 district judges. However, the bench permitted the authorities to go ahead with appointment of four candidates.The bench reserved its judgment on writ petitions filed challenging the selection process on various grounds. The HC wanted to fill 17 vacancies of district judges. After the written test results were declared, the minimum marks rule for selection of candidates was done away with. Writ petitions were filed contending that the authorities altered midway the criteria regarding the minimum marks required for interview. It was contended that the rule was not published in a gazette. The petitioners contended that persons who were employees like assistant public prosecutor could not have been considered for the appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12861192", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya sales not up to jewellers\u2019 expectations", "text": "HYDERABAD: The day may not have begun on an exactly glittering note for jewellers this Akshaya Tritiya but as the day wore to a close worried faces turned to smiles of relief as all roads led to jewellery stores for gold enthusiasts later in the evening.After having pulled out all the stops to woo customers to their doorsteps earlier in the day, jewellers heaved a sigh of relief as the trickle of customers turned into a flood in some parts of the city. In fact, the gold street of Hyderabad that stretches from Nagarjuna Circle to Somajiguda and houses glittering showrooms of big ticket jewellers was chock-a-block with traffic by late Tuesday evening as customers rushed to pick up their quota of the yellow metal despite prices soaring over Rs 29,000 per 10 gm for 24 carat gold on Tuesday. Jewellers had over the past week or so been bombarding customers with offers of freebies like gold coins, discounts on making charges and the like in a desperate attempt to lure customers after the setback they suffered when the Centre hiked excise duty on gold in this year's budget.\"People are buying as per their budgets as they have got used to the current price levels and know that prices will not come down much now. Also the wedding season sales are picking up,\" said Jagdish Prasad, secretary of the Char Kaman Jewellers Sarafa Association.However, most jewellers were not too happy with the response as they felt things could have been much better had various hampering factors like excise duty not robbed the sheen off gold. \"It was like a shower of rain in a hot season,\" says Praveen Kumar , secretary, Twin Cities Jewellers' Association, talking about Akshaya Tritiya sales. He feels that while footfalls were good they did not translate into the kind of sales they should have. \"Overall the preparation that goes into Akshaya Tritiya was missing. The bandh due to excise duty issue has definitely resulted in a 30% drop in overall sales,\" said Kumar who also owns Balaji Jewellers at Abids.\"Though customers are coming in to buy, this year's sales are nearly half of what typical Akshaya Tritiya sales usually are.While each year sales go up by nearly 20% on this day, this year they have been lower due to the confusion over excise duty,\" said Jeetender Agarwal of director of the All India Gems &amp; Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF). \"Though shops are full of customers, sales are not as satisfactory as they should have been due to high prices but people are sticking closely to their budget in purchasing gold and jewellery,\" said Nandlal Kedia, MBS Jewellers.Jewellers were also unhappy with the fact that lately banks have been eating into their business by offering gold coins.\"The trend is shifting from gold jewellery to gold as people feel the resale value of gold coins is much higher. On top of that banks, which have much bigger resources at their disposal, are getting into direct competition with us by selling gold coins at higher rates but with claims of higher purity because of which we are facing lot of problems in getting customers to come to our shops,\" said a Punjagutta-based jeweller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12860724", "title": "School education: Strict rules bar orphans from RTE benefits", "text": "JAIPUR: The stringent provisions of the Right to Education Act 2010, making it mandatory for all to produce income certificate, caste certificate, BPL card and birth certificate, have now claimed a few innocent victims: orphaned children. Schools are not admitting them as they want documents which orphaned children can never produce.Although the schools are willing to admit such children, the RTE Act, which provides for 25% seats for economically weaker sections in private schools, has also made it mandatory for all children to produce income certificate of parents, caste certificate, BPL card and birth certificate.For the past 20 days, the Jaipur-based Ashrya Care Home's superintendent Sushila Morthiya has been running from pillar to post to admit two children to private schools. In her child care home, which is housed in a marriage garden premises in the Chitrakoot area of the city, 22 orphaned children are lodged.One of the children is a 3- year-old, who was abandoned by parents and was brought to the childcare home by the police. Later on when the HIV test was conducted, the boy was tested positive.Morthiya said, \"The boy has no caste certificate, no income certificate, no birth certificate and BPL card. I am trying hard to get him admitted to a school under RTE Act. Since the schools are demanding such documents, all my efforts went in vain.\" She claimed that she had met school principals and higher officials of the education department but no one has answers to her queries.When asked about the provision of the RTE regarding documents, education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said: \"It is compulsory for all to submit the documents to get admission under RTE. Without such documents, no one can take benefit of the RTE.\" When asked how an orphan can submit such documents, he said he would look into the matter.District education officer, Jaipur, Shiv Charan Meena said: \"Unlike SCs, STs, BPL, disabled, there is no separate category mentioned for orphans in RTE. So, we have sought guidelines from the government on what documents orphans shall produce to get the benefit of RTE.\"Meena had written a letter to the primary education %department on April 18, seeking directions and is waiting for a reply.Times ViewThis is an obvious case of a lacuna in the RTE. Obviously, the legislative didn't want children with parents to be kept out of the benefits of RTE. If this problem can be dealt with by administrative orders or rules framed under the Act, that should be done pronto. If not, an amendment must be made to the Act at the earliest. In that event, we would expect all parties to cooperate with the government for a quick passage of the amendment. Time is of the essence in whatever action is taken since any delay the most vulnerable children would be denied the benefits of this landmark legislation in the coming academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864965", "title": "Never approached Sridevi or Shriya says Mohan Babu", "text": "The leading ladies of actor Mohan Babu's magnum opus, Ravana, have been the subject of much speculation in the last few days. First it was reported that that the filmmakers approached Sridevi but decided against signing the yesteryear diva after she demanded an exorbitant price. Then it was reported that Shriya would be cast opposite the Mohan Babu in the movie. But if Mohan Babu is to be believed all that is pure speculation. \"A lot of names are doing rounds in the media with regards to the cast of my next film Ravana. I want to clarify that there is no truth in those reports. We have not approached any of them. Vishnu is producing the movie and will announce the details of the cast and crew as soon as we finalize on them,\" says Mohan Babu. K Raghavendra Rao is directing the movie written by Bhairavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863502", "title": "Ishaqzaade has a Kanpur connect", "text": "He is a well-known theater artist in Kanpur and now he is in news for playing the role of the father of actress Parineeti Chopra and politician in upcoming film 'Ishaqzaade'.Well we are talking about Ratan Rathore who is quite happy because of new achievement. \"Yes, this is the first time I am doing any Bollywood film. Though I have been into acting for almost two decades but I am happy with my Bollywood debut. What's interesting for me is that my role in the film is really strong and the audiences would get a chance to see my acting skill in Ishaqzaade,\" informs, Ratan Rathore. It was by luck that Ratan bagged this role. \"Actually there was a friend of mine in Lucknow who informed me that auditions for the film were going on in Lucknow. First I showed disinterest but as I was in Lucknow only I thought of giving it a try. After the audition the team there asked me to be dressed in paijama kurta for another round of the audition the very next day. I did the needful and after the audition they told me that they would get back to me if required. After almost fifteen days I received a phone call from Yashraj films and they again called me up for the final audition.This was the first time when I met Habib Faisal the director of the film, Parineeti Chopra and Arjun Kapoor in Lucknow. After finalizing me for the role Habib asked Parineeti 'Yeh hai aapke abbu, kaise lag rahe hai' and on this Parineeti said 'Haan yeh abbu theek hai,\" informs, Ratan Rathore who is playing the role of Aftab Qureshi. Though Ratan had been into acting for long but his experience while shooting with Arjun and Parineeti was learning one. \"Yes, the shooting experience with both the young actors turned to be learning experience for me reason in comparison to me they have better camera sense. Being a theatre artist I had to never face the camera and because of this I had no idea of facing the camera. Also Arjun and Parineeti are fantastic actors and during their shots I used to keep them observing so that I hone up my acting skills to match the benchmarks of the Bollywood,\" he informs. Shooting experiences in Lucknow, Barabanki and Hardoi turned to be a memorable experience for Ratan. \"I kept on shooting for one and a half month in Lucknow, Barabanki and Hardoi and it turned to be memorable experience for me, reason the entire cast and crew was really humble. We used to work hard and party in the evening. Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859086", "title": "Classical vocalistcasts a spell", "text": "PATNA: Eminent Hindustani classical vocalist Pandit Kaivalya Kumar Gurav, a renowned exponent of Kirana Gharana, enthralled the audience here with his performance on Tuesday evening. The programme was held at the L N Mishra Institute of Economic Development and Social Change under the aegis of SPIC-MACAY Foundation.Talking to TOI, he said, \"I have been performing for the last 30 years and feel that the Patna audience is one of the best I have performed for.\"This 'khayal' singer, who is on his second visit to the city, was accompanied by Keshav Joshi from Bangalore on tabla and Sudhanshu Kulkarni from Belgaum in Karnataka on harmonium. He captivated the audience with pure classical singing along with 'thumri' and ragas, including 'puriya dhanashree' and his favourite raga 'shivranjani'. He also presented many bhajans on the occasion.Talking about the changing liking for music among the younger generation, Gurav said, \"The younger generation avoids classical music because learning it takes many years. But with the help of yoga, pranayam, breathing and voice exercises, one can easily become an expert music professional in five to six years now, against about two decades earlier.\"Gurav, who feels that parents play a key role in attracting kids towards music, said, \"Bihar has always played an active role in giving a platform to budding and established musicians. But I shall request parents here to give their kids a classical music environment, so as to attract them towards classical music.This Belgaum-born artiste added, \"To attract the younger generation towards classical music we should present it in an attractive way. For this, we should first explain them about our performance and also about 'bhaav', 'tal' and other aspects of music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12866565", "title": "133 govt websites hacked in Jan-Mar: Sachin Pilot", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 133 government websites fell prey to hackers in the first three months of 2012, Minister of State for Communications and IT Sachin Pilot has said.\"As per incidents reported to and tracked by the Indian Computer Emergency Response team (CERT), a total number of 92, 204, 248 government websites were hacked during the years 2009, 2010 and 2011 respectively. 133 websites were hacked during January to March 2012,\" Pilot said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.According to the Reserve Bank, 2,232 internet fraud cases involving Rs 1,234.94 lakh were registered in 2010. CBI too registered two cyber crime cases involving Rs 17 lakh during the same year.Giving reference of Norton Cyber Crime Report published in 2011, Pilot said India lost $4 billion due to cyber crimes compared to $114 billion worldwide and 80 per cent of the people surveyed experienced cyber crime.\"The report was based on survey conducted involving 19,636 people across 24 countries including 600 from India, however, the report mentions that the data is extrapolated based on survey, it is not validated,\" he added.In order to tackle cyber crime, the government has taken various measures like establishing a legal framework in the form of Information Technology Act, 2000.\"The act provides legal framework to address the issues connected with cyber crime, cyber attacks and security breaches on IT infrastructure,\" Pilot said.He said preliminary discussions have been held on the establishment of multi stakeholder National Cyber Coordination Centre which will detect malicious cyber attacks and issue early warning alerts.The government also provides early warning and response to cyber security incidents through CERT and has collaboration at national and international level for information sharing.\"The government has formulated crisis management plan for countering cyber attacks and cyber terrorism,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864654", "title": "'Management-workers should have mutual respect'", "text": "Panaji: Attitudes need to change in government departments and among company managements so that labour is accorded more dignity and the trend of migration of talent outside Goa is stopped. This will boost the state's industrial scenario and add to the initiatives of the Goa chamber of commerce and industry in revitalizing Goan industry, said Gpresident Manguirish Pai Raikar on Tuesday. He was speaking at the chamber's open house on 'Employee-related issues'.Stating that the new BJP government is already instilling confidence in Goan industry, Raikar pledged GCCI's efforts in bridging the gap between government and industry. \"I don't believe Goa has missed the bus as commonly alleged. If we have missed the bus, we can always take the next bus,\" he said.Labour secretary D C Sahoo also advocated better treatment of labour in terms of wages and dignity, but stressed that industry should also prosper. He cited examples of management apathy prompting workers to strike work, and cases where despite enjoying good wages, workers were demanding still higher incomes and pushing even loss-making establishments to the wall. He called for mutual respect and a balance.Labour commissioner Fatima Rodrigues said the commission is making efforts to bring the unorganized sector under its wings, has recently started online registration of shops and other establishments, but is facing difficulties in monitoring child labour due to no cooperation from stakeholders.She admitted that the employment exchange is a neglected area and said a budgetary provision to revitalize it has been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866888", "title": "Panel to look into open space norms", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned about the poor quality of life in Mumbai and other urban pockets in the state, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has decided to appoint a committee to suggest revisions in open space norms.The committee, which will be led by the director of the town planning department and comprise senior officials from the department, has been entrusted with the task of redefining levels for the optimum population density and the extent of open spaces. Chavan has already approved a proposal regarding the committee's appointment.The state has plans to redefine open space norms for all urban pockets, and wants the committee to submit its report within three months of its appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12863923", "title": "No takers for vacation meals", "text": "HUBLI: The midday meal scheme which was extended to the drought-hit taluks in the state during summer vacation has garnered a poor response. Reason: many students in rural areas are either spending their holidays with their relatives or accompanying their parents in doing odd jobs in nearby towns and cities.Most of the schools are reportedly witnessing just 20% to 30% of students taking midday meals. For instance: The turnout is less in Bijapur , Bagalkot, Davanagere, Haveri, Belgaum, Gadag and in Hyderabad Karnatak region-Gulbarga , Raichur, Yadagiri and Koppal. Cooks say the reason is as the menu consists of only rice and sambar, it fails to attract the students of North Karnataka region who prefer to have jowar roti with chutney.There were just 4 students for the midday meals served at the government primary and high school in drought-hit Kusugal village, Hubli, on Monday.What happens to the leftover food? In many villages, the leftover food is being distributed to children and villagers living around the schools.G Nayak, joint director, public instruction (midday meal schemes), said : \"Measures have been taken to ensure that midday meal will not be misused. There is no plan to change the existing menu or provide wheat instead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860448", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya: Brisk sale of gold jewellery", "text": "KANPUR: Contrary to the belief that the spiralling prices of yellow metal on Akshaya Tritya will deter the buyers from buying gold, thousands of people reached jewellery stores in various markets to buy gold and silver ornaments on Tuesday.The craze for buying gold and diamond jewellery was at its peak on this auspicious day. The demand for the light jewellery was quite high but there were many takers of the costly gold items. The women remained in the forefront of shopping. It being a holiday on Tuesday due to Parshuram Jayanti. Maximum rush was seen in the evening. In the afternoon, the number of buyers remained low.In the evening, the sparkle of the yellow metal attracted the buyers. The belief that buying gold on the day of Akshaya Tritiya brings prosperity and luck, prompted people to visit jewellery stores.Many buyers were pleased to invest in the gold, which they believed to give rich dividends in the near future.The jewellery market on Birhana road witnessed rush of people who also encashed the offers and discounts given by the jewellers. Every jeweller had his own way to lure buyers. Some had offered incentives like free gold coins and others were giving gift hampers with every purchase.President of Akhil Bhartiya Swarankar Vikas Parishad Pushpendra Jaiswal said that the sale of gold jewellery was higher this year in comparison to last year. \"Gold can be sold and re-shopped. Its dividends are always safe and high. Therefore, people prefer investing in gold as a safe investment and buying gold on Akshaya Tritiya brings good luck and prosperity,\" he added.Adhishree, an executive, buying gold jewellery on Birhana Road, said: \"Gold has become quite costly but buying light jewellery is not a bad idea. I have done the same and enjoyed the day which is considered to be auspicious.\"In the evening, the sparkle of the yellow metal attracted the buyers. The belief that buying gold on the day of Akshaya Tritiya brings prosperity and luck, prompted people to visit jewellery stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "12866320", "title": "MNS takes language politics to Ulhasnagar mayor\u2019s office", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The Central police registered a case against 15 unidentified Maharashta Navnirman Sena (MNS) workers for blackening a nameplate in the office of Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) mayor Asha Idnani. Their grouse was that the mayor's name was written in Sindhi, and not Marathi, on the nameplate's front side.While the incident occurred on Saturday, the police action came only on Monday night after local shopkeepers downed shutters in protest against the MNS's language politics.The MNS workers have been booked under sections 15 A and B (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc) of the Indian Penal Code. No arrests have been made yet.Sources said the mayor's name was written in Marathi on the other side of the nameplate outside her office. Talking to TOI, Idnani said: \"On Saturday, a group of MNS workers barged into the office and blackened the nameplate. The workers were shouting pro-MNS slogans.\"Members of the Sindhi community condemned the incident and demanded action against the MNS workers. Shopkeepers decided to keep their establishments closed on Monday in protest. Some locals also alleged police inaction in the matter.Naresh Durgani of the Federation of Sindhunagar Vyapari Association said: \"The mayor's name has been written in Marathi on one side of the nameplate. But as this is a Sindhi-dominated locality, the name appears in Sindhi as well. Why is the MNS doing politics over this?\"Balasaheb Gunjal, president of the MNS's Ulhasnagar city unit, said: \"All we wanted was the mayor's name to be written in Marathi on the nameplate's front side. We had written to the civic chief in this regard. When no steps were taken, we decided to blacken the nameplate.\"The police said they were trying to get CCTV footage of the incident to nab the accused. Denying allegations that they were going slow in the case, senior inspector Mahadev Pimpalkar said: \"We registered a case after seeking the opinion of legal experts. A detailed probe is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12865939", "title": "Reconsider decision against visa to Narendra Modi: US lawmaker", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US lawmaker has asked the secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , to reconsider the government's decision against issuing a diplomatic visa to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , drawing strong reactions from the Indian American Muslim community here.Congressman Joe Walsh , a right wing conservative Republican and a tea party favourite has written a letter to Clinton, requesting her to consider granting a diplomatic visa to Modi.The letter attracted strong reaction from the Indian American Muslim community who yesterday demanded that the State Department should not change its 2005 policy on Modi's visa.Clinton is yet to respond to the letter, which was written by Congressman Walsh more than a fortnight ago, but sources in the State Department said there has been no change in its policy with regard to Modi's visa and would not change till the matter is sub-judice.Taking a strong objection to the effort of Walsh, the Indian American Muslim Council (IAMC) alleged that the Congressman's letter is factually incorrect.\"It is unfortunate that a sitting member of the US Congress should attempt to make a case based on ignorance of the law which was amended in September 2009, specifically to remove the 24-month restriction,\" IAMC president, Shaheen Khateeb, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860543", "title": "Green house to come up at Sai Gramam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Agriculture minister K P Mohanan announced that the agriculture department will set up a hi-tech, green house agriculture farm that will spread over 5000 sq. ft at Sai Gramam, Thonnakkal. While taking part in the first anniversary of Sathya Sai Baba's Samadhi at Sai Gramam on Tuesday, the minister said the agriculture department will meet the entire cost of the project.Chief minister Oommen Chandy inaugurated the observance of Baba's Samadhi. He lauded the services of Sathya Sai Orphanage Trust. The trust has been executing 60 projects across the state, including running orhanages, old age homes and free dialysis centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864874", "title": "Tree felling leaves nature lovers upset", "text": "PANAJI: The economic development corporation's (EDC) much-awaited redevelopment project at Patto Plaza has raised hopes of an infrastructural boost for Goa's Nariman Point, but tree lovers are disappointed that sparse tree cover in the area has been further depleted for the development.The felling of two trees near the passport office has brought to light EDC's plan to axe more trees. The pitiable remains of the trees, with the loped off branches and foliage were lying by the roadside on Monday morning. \"A huge tree in this area had been brought down some months ago,\" a tree lover, Nikhil Kamat said.\"The corporation has obtained approval for felling 30 trees in the area,\" a source from the forest department told TOI. But a source said the tree committee constituted by then mayor of corporation of the city of Panaji, Yatin Parekh, should have been taken into confidence before issuing the permission.\"The forest department should have consulted the tree committee,\" a source said. Vaidehi Naik, who took over as the new mayor recently, said she was not aware about the issue. \"I will find out about the tree committee,\" she said.But Arvind Ghatkar, EDC's chief general manager, denied that such a large number of trees will be brought down. \"We have tried to save as many as possible,\" he said. \"The corporation officials understand the importance of trees and a tender for landscaping will be floated soon. We will plant four times the number that has been felled,\" he assured.But greens point out that development should not mean sacrificing the few remaining trees. \"Felling 30 trees in an area like Patto, where only concrete can be seen is massacre,\" Kamat said. Comparison of old pictures of Panaji with the landscape now is disturbing, he added.The EDC's redevelopment plan envisages improving roads, water supply, laying footpaths and setting up a drainage system in its property measuring about 1.77 lakh sq m. The parking lots are expected to accommodate 900 four-wheelers and 1,000 two-wheelers. Street lighting with power saving eco-friendly fixtures will be installed for illumination at night.A building with a few facilities will also be constructed in a central place of the complex. \"It will have public toilets and infrastructure for the maintenance of the complex,\" Ghatkar said.Though the industrial development institution has raked in crores from its property, the Plaza area has remained neglected for several years. EDC had to face several hurdles in pursuing the 13-crore project.\"The EDC should plant local fruit-bearing and flowering trees, which will support bees, birds and biodiversity in a city like Panaji,\" Nitin Sawant, director Worldwide Fund for nature (WWF) said. Nature-friendly conditions in a concretized city can stimulate nesting of birds, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12867567", "title": "Bofors case is closed, no need to reopen it, govt says; BJP targets Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brushing aside fresh allegations in connection with the Bofors deal, law minister Salman Khurshid today said the case is closed and there is no need to reopen it.The law minister also sought a public apology from all those making wild allegations against former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi for the past many years and tarnishing his image and hurting his family members.\"There was a detailed investigation and there were Supreme Court and high court proceedings that took place and the decision that came endorsed those proceedings.\"I don't think we can continue to reopen these issues ... We don't want a new chapter to be opened. The final decision of the Supreme Court should not be reopened,\" Khurshid told reporters here.He said, \"I don't want to start another proceeding beyond the proceedings of the Supreme Court of our country. The decision of the Supreme Court is final and the matter has been closed. I don't think we should continue for the rest of the life of the present generation of politicians to reopen this every few months.\"Khurshid also took a dig at the opposition, especially the BJP, for making \"wild allegations\" against the former prime minister and sought a public apology from them.\"It is a matter of regret that without having any proof, such serious charges were levelled (against Rajiv Gandhi). The same people are not ready to feel sorry even today. They should apologise before the public,\" he said.On BJP's demand for a fresh probe on the allegations that have come up in the case now, Khurshid said, \"We should start discussion, I don't think it is proper. The BJP should read the judgment of the Supreme Court and High Court.\"I do not want to get into their trap of beginning a conversation, a dialogue, a debate and an argument about an issue that is considered to be rightly closed and buried.\"He said this is an issue that has \"traumatised our nation\" and has \"hurt loyal Congress people, besides hurting the family of late Rajiv Gandhi.\"Expressing satisfaction that something good about Rajiv Gandhi has come out now, the law minister questioned as to who will compensate for the level of pain and agony caused in view of the allegations that were made against him.\"I think it is best now to close this issue. Institutionally it has been closed in this country. I think our country has a lot of other things to do, not just keep reopening old wounds. I feel, somewhere when the Supreme Court has decided something, it is not proper to reopen the case on the streets when the SC decision has come,\" he said.Khurshid was responding to questions on an interview given by former Swedish police chief Sten Lindstrom, who said that he was the person who leaked over 350 documents relating to the case to an Indian journalist and claimed that he was the journalist's secret informant who operated under the pseudonym of 'Swedish Deep Throat'.BJP targets CongressThe ghost of Bofors returned to haunt the Congress party today with the BJP targeting it following fresh allegations that Rajiv Gandhi as Prime Minister may have soft-pedalled the probe into kickbacks in the gun deal to protect Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi.In an interview, former Swedish police chief Sten Lindstorm, who owned up being the whistleblower in the illegal payoffs case, has said there was no evidence to suggest that Gandhi had taken a bribe in the Bofors deal but that he did nothing to prevent the cover-up that followed in both India and Sweden to protect Quattrocchi.Training its guns on the Congress, BJP said it will raise the Bofors pay-offs issue in Parliament.\"The entire government of India at that point in time was out to save Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi, including then prime minister Rajiv Gandhi,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters after a meeting of the BJP Parliamentary Party where the issue was raised by senior leader Arun jaitley.Brushing aside the allegations, Salman Khurshid said the Bofors case is closed and there is no need to reopen it.The law minister also sought a public apology from all those making wild allegations against Gandhi for the past many years and tarnishing his image and hurting his family members.\"There was a detailed investigation and there were Supreme Court and high court proceedings that took place and the decision that came endorsed those proceedings.\"I don't think we can continue to reopen these issues ... We don't want a new chapter to be opened. The final decision of the Supreme Court should not be reopened,\" Khurshid told reporters here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865032", "title": "Snatchers strike gold on eve of auspicious day", "text": "CHENNAI: It seems chain snatchers in the city knew that Monday , on the eve of Akshaya Tritiya , was the right time to strike.A few of them made away with gold chains from four women in separate incidents.At Vepery , 33-year-old Vasanthi , a functionary of the DMDK's women's wing , was going to a relative's house near Ragavendra park when two men on a bike snatched her three-sovereign gold chain and rode away , police said. In Choolai , Shanthi (58 ) was going for a walk in a park at 6am when two men snatched her threesovereign chain and escaped. She lodged a complaint with the Periamet police.In the third incident , Ananthalakshmi (57) was returning from her daughter's home in Pudupet when two men on a moped came close, snatched her four sovereign gold chain and fled.At South Koovam Road in Flower Bazaar , Devaki was walking to a market when bike-borne men snatched her 12-sovereign gold chain and vanished.Police, who registered separate cases , suspect that the same gang behind the incidents at Pudupet and Choolai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860828", "title": "NRHM scam stalled trauma care project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Rural Health Mission scam was not only swindling of nearly Rs 5,700 crore, it also drove medical services into a comatose condition. One of the services which couldn't take off because of the scam was trauma care management.According to sources, due to misutilisation of funds, the Union health ministry has ordered revaluation of the project for setting up trauma centres on various highways in the state. Under this project, a five-layered system for trauma care management is to be developed in a phased manner. Only a positive report would mean inclusion of the project in the 12th Five Year Plan.Acting on a letter to this effect, principal secretary health and family welfare asked Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) director to take necessary steps in this regard. A team comprising five officers was formed. The teams inspected four centres (district hospital Faizabad, district hospital Orai, GSVM in Kanpur and trauma centre at CSMMU) between January and April and found that trauma care service in the four selected centres was not up to the mark. The level three centres are yet to get functional, while the level two entities lacked manpower and equipment.Regarding the level three trauma centre at district hospital Faizabad, the team found that the building was incomplete. \"At present, only one ambulance has been purchased from central grant provided to the district hospital for trauma care facilities,\" said the team's report. It further added that the hospital had not furnished data related to trauma care services currently provided. In Orai, trauma care services are provided in the district hospital, where a level three trauma centre has to come up. Though the building is ready, it is non-functional, as the construction agency has not handed over the building to the hospital administration.Trauma centre at CSMMU is a level II facility. The centre has failed to impress the inspecting team. Besides small infrastructural gaps, the team found lack of adequate trained paramedical and nursing manpower and full time medical and surgical doctors. The committee recommended that immediate steps should be taken to hire the required workforce. The level II trauma centre coming up at GSVM Medical College Kanpur also lacked at many places. The trauma centre has just one ambulance while the access road needs widening and decongestion. Manpower needs to be recruited in a planned way and appointment of full time emergency medical officers and senior medical and surgical specialists is also needed. The trauma centre needs a separate blood bank and lab as well.That's not all; the level one state of the art trauma centre coming up at SGPGIMS has already been delayed. Director Prof RK Sharma attributed the delay to unavailability of human resource. \"The process for recruitment is underway. We hope to start it by the year end,\" he said. The level four and five trauma care facilities are yet to take shape. In fact the level four trauma centres are not even being discussed and the last level - emergency medical transport system - is stuck up in a legal battle.Talking to TOI over the issue, secretary, society of Neurological Surgeons of India, Prof Raj Kumar said, \"Not a single centre in UP is equipped to handle a trauma victim. This is in fact true for the entire country. Jai Prakash Narain apex trauma centre at All India Institute of Medical Sciences is the only exception,\" he said.TIMES VIEWThe accident-fatality ratio in UP is among the highest in the country. It's a telling commentary on the status of trauma care in the state. Other states like Bihar and even Uttarakhand are doing much better on this count just because they didn't lag behind in implementing the National Rural Health Mission schemes which have a provision for a five-layer system for the trauma care management. In UP, however, the NRHM has been a sad story of rampant loot. So, even the basic trauma care facilities like ambulance service are in a dormant state. Now that the NRHM scam is being probed by the CBI and a new government is in the saddle, one hopes trauma management will get a better deal. A little improvement here can easily save thousands of lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12863784", "title": "Maharashtra CM orders audit of 1.27L flats for slum dwellers", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has ordered a structural audit of 1.27 lakh tenements built for slum dwellers by private developers under the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) scheme over the past 15 years.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's decision follows persistent complaints of poor quality and sub-standard construction of houses. Around 6.5 lakh slum residents have been rehabilitated so far. The audit will be carried out by SRA-appointed private auditors, including engineering colleges such as VJTI and IIT.As of July 2011, the government has completed 1.27 lakh tenements, most of which are 225 sq ft each, under various SRA schemes. The scope of the audit will be wide since the total built-up area that will come under the auditors' scanner will be roughly 2.86 crore sq ft (considering the old tenement size of 225 sq ft). \"In view of the several complaints received on the poor quality of construction in these schemes, it has been felt necessary to ensure the safety of the people living in these rickety structures. The audit will be used to take corrective steps,\" said a senior official of the housing department official.The issue of poor quality construction in the rehab component has also been highlighted in the recent report of the CAG for 2010-2011. The CAG has pointed out the SRA's failure to prescribe or enforce a minimum quality of standard in construction. This despite the SRA appointing 21 consultants in 2008 to carry out a third party audit and ensuring quality and speedy implementation of schemes. \"But this empanelment did not serve its purpose,\" the report says.The CAG says that the state-appointed Afzulpurkar committee set up in 1995 to look into rehabilitation of slum dwellers by way of reconstruction had clearly said the government must ensure quality of construction in the SRA scheme or else \"faulty or substandard construction will lead to abandoning of dwelling limits, giving rise to urban decay.\" The Slum Act does not provide for provisions to ensure or monitor quality of construction.A report of the Tata Institute of Science (TISS) had in 2003 mentioned that rehabilitation buildings were not of habitable quality and suffered from bad quality construction. \"The buildings showed presence of cracks, leakages, weak foundation, incomplete finishing and bad masonry works, which had occurred due to poor construction,\" the report had said.The SRA was instituted by Shiv Sena government in 1995 following a rapid growth of slums in Mumbai, with nearly 40 lakh people living in 8.05 lakh dwellings at that point. The SRA envisaged rehabilitating dwellers by giving them tenements with carpet area of 225 sq ft free of cost. The developers in return were given incentives in form of floor space index (FSI) in lieu of the rehab tenement. This was allowed to be used to construct buildings for sale in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12859782", "title": "Calicut University rejected land request for IUML", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University's claim that there were only three applications seeking land for setting up institutions has been proved wrong. Documents with TOI reveal that the university had received an application from MRB Educational Trust, apart from the three, for starting Buds School for physically and mentally challenged children.\"The trust runs educational institutions for people from educationally-backward areas, especially in Malabar. Now this trust has decided to start a special school for differently-abled children. For this we need two acres of land from the varsity on lease,\" said the letter from Sreekumar Nair M K, the managing trustee of the MRB Trust. The university registrar, in the reply, said, \"The request for allotting the university land cannot be considered at present.\"The varsity had claimed that it allotted the land on a first-come first-serve basis. The application from MRB Trust was submitted on March 12, eight days before the request from Grace Educational Association. The university rejected the first one to sanction land for trust whose chairman is IUML state president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12865039", "title": "Vidya Vikas Academy pupils get progress reports", "text": "MARGAO: Progress report cards of students of Vidya Vikas Academy (VVM), Margao, that were held for non-payment of fees were handed over to the parents on Monday following the intervention of the Margao police. On Saturday, the students were refused their progress reports which caused the parents to hold a dharna, after which they filed a complaint with the Margao police against the school principal, Allan Rodrigues.Margao police sources stated that the principal sent a two-paper document claiming that the fees were approved by the director of education, Anil Powar. However, the parents and members of the all Goa unaided schools parent association met Margao sub-divisional police officer DySP Mohan Naik and explained their reasons for filing the police complaint.Sources added that Naik got in touch with the authorities concerned, including officials at the directorate of education. The matter was resolved after the principal assured to release the progress cards.The chairman of the association that filed the complaint, Nisser Dias, while addressing mediapersons said that they had protested as it was their democratic right to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860744", "title": "Cops seek information of parking space, serve notices to establishments", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unable to get any positive response from the Lucknow Development Authority on the status of restaurants, banquette, marriage halls and lawns and parking space allotted to them, the traffic department of Lucknow police has sent notices seeking information about the parking spaces allotted to them. Till now, around 15 such establishments have been served notices, DIG Ashutosh Pandey told TOI.The move comes in wake of regular effort by traffic department to improve the traffic scenario in the state capital. Since, wayward parking in front of several restaurants, banquette and marriage halls has compounded the problem of traffic in the city at several places; the traffic department has decided to fix the responsibility of these establishment owners.As a routine procedure, the police would wait for the response from the establishments and would act only after reply is received. If it is found that the vehicles being parked outside these establishments are not in the allotted parking lot for these joints, strict action would be taken, the DIG said. To recall, the DIG had written a letter to the LDA vice-chairman on April 15 asking for the details of such establishments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12867945", "title": "Coming up, restricted vending zones for city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To free the city of vendors stationed along roadsides and pedestrian space, the UT administration is planning to identify restricted vending zones and no vending zones. The municipal corporation has prepared a sector wise and trade wise list of the existing vendors and a policy in this regard is being finalized that would have provisions regarding town vending committee, vending zones, restricted vending zones, no vending zones.\"The municipal corporation has sent a sector wise and trade wise list of street vendors as per a survey conducted by them. The proposals are to be based on this survey keeping in view the draft policy under consideration,\" said a UT official.The master plan too will have a provision for the street vendor policy and the same is expected to be finalized shortly.Last year, Panchkula municipal council too had conducted a similar survey. The findings had revealed that there were more than 500 street vendors in the city. The aim of the survey was to rehabilitate such vendors as per the National Vendor Policy, 2009.Le Corbusier had planned each sector as an independent unit under neighbourhood concept. All household needs can be met in the neighbourhood market, provided problems like shrinking parking space are tackled. The policy is already being followed in cities like Delhi and can be replicated in UT to make the 30,000 vendors stick to their area. Some of the vendors have already been issued licences in certain sectors.The plan is to develop open markets in various parts of the city where the vendors could sell their products. The move will not only help in regularizing the vendors, but also help the MC in removing the area along the roads encroached by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864570", "title": "City centre of Gurudev tributes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Veteran writer Ravindranath Tagore shared a special connection with Ahmedabad and Gujarati Sahitya Parishad - the mediator of the bond was none other but Mahatma Gandhi. Respecting exclusive invitation by Mahatma Gandhi , Tagore had graced a 3-day Sahitya Parishad conference in Ahmedabad in 1920.To relive the memories of the unique bond that Tagore shared with Ahmedabad and Gandhiji, Gujarati Sahitya Parishad and Ravindra Bhavan and Western India Cultural Centre have organized one of the country's longest 7-day Ravindra Mahotsav on a grand scale which begins on May 1 and concludes on May 7 - Tagore's birth date.Shailesh Parekh, Tagore scholar and one of the founder members of the Ravindra Bhavan, said, \"City has hosted a grand festival as it has a special reason to celebrate 150th year of Tagore's birth anniversary. Tagore and Gandhiji shared unique bond and deep reverence for each other. Gandhi used to seek blessings of Tagore before he sat on long fasts during freedom struggle. While Tagore also often visited Gandhiji and spent time with him in city. Tagore handed over a letter to Gandhiji while his he visited him last at Shantiniketan in February, 1940 requesting him to take care of Visva Bharti University , the one Tagore founded.\"Rajendra Patel, chief secretary of Parishad, says, \"To celebrate Tagore's special bond with the city and Gujarati literature during the concluding week of Tagore's ongoing 150th birth anniversary celebrations, Parishad has organized first of its kind and country's biggest festival having unique interdisciplinary sessions including various art forms like drama, poetry, novel , film and music.\"In a unique effort to explore Tagore's contribution to various art forms, Parishad has organized a national seminar on May 2 and 3, screening of films on Tagore and films based on Tagore's works on May 4, drama performance 'Achalayatan' on May 5, sessions of Rabindra Sangeet May6. Two books on Tagore's works in Gujarati language are to be released on May 7. During the festival,sessions pres", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859951", "title": "14 vehicles seized for flouting norms", "text": "LUCKNOW: The regional transport office (RTO) on Tuesday seized 14 public transport vehicles. RTO started a drive against unauthorised plying of vehicles on Monday.On Tuesday, vehicles were seized at Purania crossing and Jankipuram. The diesel vehicles were caught plying within city limits. Besides, some vehicles were caught plying without permit. Several auto-rickshaws and tempos were also caught flouting norms. The drive is being carried at Balaganj, Buddheshwar, Awadh crossing, KKC-Charbagh stretch, Chinhat, Chowk, Nishatganj, Polytechnic and La Touche Road.Meanwhile, technical officers from RTO are also checking the pollution testing agencies. RTO will also start checking of all motor vehicles for the Pollution Under Control (PUC) certificate. But, before that, all pollution testing agencies will be inspected to see if they are equipped to issue the PUC certificate.\"The report on the agencies will be sent to the transport commissioner,\" said ARTO (Enforcement) Sanjay Nath Jha. There are about 80 pollution testing agencies, which include petrol pumps and motor vehicles workshop. People can obtain the PUC from agencies before RTO drive begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12864266", "title": "Heritage Square: Religious structures pose challenge", "text": "SURAT: The first phase of prestigious 'Heritage Square' project, which was recently approved by the standing committee, is likely to begin from next month. However, the major challenge to Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC)'s project comes from the religious structures at Chowk Bazaar, shifting which would be a difficult task.Official sources said a presentation on the second and third phases of 'Heritage Square' development was made in the civic body and a concern was raised about the religious structures in and around the heritage development project site.Chairman, standing committee, Bhimji Patel said, \"This is one of the top 10 dream projects of ruling BJP. The second phase of the heritage square development will begin with the removal of the encroachments around the old fort area and that there are a couple of religious structures, which we need to shift. However, we exhort the religious heads to cooperate in the civic body's endeavour of developing the heritage square.\"Heritage preservation work in the diamond city will begin with the redevelopment of Chowk Bazar Junction and Fort. The proposal to convert Chowk Bazaar, which has the highest traffic density in the city, into a Heritage Square at a cost of Rs 10 crore was approved by the standing committee on Saturday.The work is expected to start in the first week of May and will be completed within a year. Together, Rs 17.13 crore will be spent in the first and second phases of the project, which envisions redevelopment of as much as 11.5 hectares of land and heritage structures like Ghanta Ovara, Kasturba Garden, Raja Ovara, Andrews Library, JJ Training College, Old Museum Building, Fort , Anglican Church, Gandhi Baug etc.Deputy municipal commissioner and head of the heritage square project C Y Bhatt told TOI, \"There are some religious structures near the Old Fort and Gandhi Baug. We intend to shift the structures. However, we want cooperation from the devotees and religious heads.\" Bhatt said the civic body has conceptualized the redevelopment plan in a such a way that it will provide ample space for parking for all types of vehicles and also for pedestrians.The redevelopment plan aims to improve services and infrastructure, resolve traffic issues and provide ample amount of space for parking for visitors, enhance open spaces including parks and ovaras for public to enjoy recreational activities, added Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12863881", "title": "Santosh N Hegde overstepped his brief, says Yeddyurappa", "text": "MYSORE: Though the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) has recommended a CBI inquiry into illegal iron ore mining in Karnataka and his alleged role in it, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is unfazed. In an interview to TOI here on Tuesday, Yeddyurappa alleged that former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde colluded with the opposition parties to nail him.What will happen if the Supreme Court accepts the CEC's suggestion for a CBI probe? What is there against me? The entire Lokayukta report on mining is based on assumptions , I did not issue a single licence . How can I be held guilty of something I didn't do? It is former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde who is responsible for the present situation.Why do you hold Hegde responsible ? Hegde did not do his duty. Instead , he colluded with opposition leaders and saw to it that I was victimized and pilloried.Do you mean that Hegde failed to discharge his duties as Lokayukta? Yes, instead of discharging his duties impartially, Hegde targeted me. He was asked to probe illegal mining activities and issue of licenses from 2002. But he inquired into mining between 2008 and 2010 and never bothered to check what my predecessors did.Was this deliberate? What does it imply when he inquired only into mining activities between 2008 and 2010. Why did he remain silent on charges made against former chief ministers S M Krishna and N Dharam Singh? Recovery of revenue loss due to mining during Singh's tenure was ordered, but Hegde failed to pursue the case saying he had no time. But he had enough time to pursue my case, make allegations and come out with a baseless report.You have mellowed after the CEC report Not at all. I have neither mellowed nor am I lying low. When there is nothing against me, why should I worry? It is the opposition parties and the media who are making a mountain out of a molehill. Just wait for some days; the truth will come out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12859330", "title": "Summer showers bring relief to Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Sharp showers came as a pleasant treat for the residents of Madurai on Tuesday bringing down soaring mercury levels in the city by several notches.The rains began as a mild drizzle around 4pm and soon grew into a heavy downpour accompanied by loud thunder bursts that continued for the next two hours. The showers had the desired effect - there was considerable reduction in the temperature.The rains sparked traffic snarls across the city and even few minor accidents as people rushed to take shelter from the rain. A middle-aged woman was hit by a mini bus near Aravind Hospital in Anna Nagar near a sharp bend as it began to rain.The rains left the entire stretch of roads under a sheet of water while some low-lying areas were even waterlogged. Men and women forced to bear with the sweltering heat in Madurai for the past several days were in fact seen enjoying the mild drizzles until the rains gathered momentum and broke into a heavy downpour.The summer showers could not have come at a better time as the temperature was reaching new levels.On Monday, the temple town witnessed a temperature of 41 degree celsius. With the incessant power cuts that had left even the inverters useless, the soaring mercury levels had left the residents fretting and fuming. The rains would help keep the temperature under bearable levels, hope the public.A PWD official said that the rains were good enough to wet the surface but not a big gain in terms of enhancing ground water level or water bodies. The official said that similar showers are expected on Wednesday too.Tirunelveli and Tuticorin also received showers offering respite to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859922", "title": "Cracker shop explosion claims 8 lives, 5 injured", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least eight persons were killed and five injured when a cracker shop caught fire resulting in a major explosion in Kaath market of Shahjahanpur. The incident took place around 11.00 am when the licensed cracker shop at Kaath market belonging to Intezaar, a resident of Aayavan village caught fire. Within minutes the flames engulfed 9 other cracker shops situated on either side of Intezaar's shop. Even before anyone could react, a deafening explosion took place razing almost all the 10 shops to ground.Everything happened so quickly that neither the shop keepers nor the shoppers present in the vicinity could escape. As a result initially a dozen persons were feared to have been charred to death in the inferno. In the rescue operations that followed, firemen and police managed to recover six dead bodies from the debris. Five persons were rescued with severe injuries and were rushed to the hospital. Unconfirmed reports said that two of the injured later succumbed to their injuries.The deceased, whose dead bodies retrieved from debris, were later identified as Geeta and her two sons Amar and Arun along with Intezaar Ali, his elder brother Zahoor Ahmed and their cousin Saiz. Police later confirmed that with the marriage season underway, almost all the cracker shops were stocked to their limit. tnnNot only this, Intezaar had reportedly brought up a makeshift stall behind his shop to stock additional raw material including a huge quantity of explosives. It was when this makeshift stall caught fire that it led to a major explosion. As a result the towering flames engulfed nine other shops in the entire row.Police are investigating into the cause of fire and assessing the losses. The bodies of the deceased, most of them charred virtually beyond recognition, were sent for autopsy to establish the exact cause of death, police said. A case was lodged with the Kaath police station of Shahjahanpur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865794", "title": "RGV upsets producer, actors", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's latest cop vs gangster saga, Department is all geared up for release on May 18. And while, the promotions are on in full swing, a producer from Hyderabad, Kiran Kumar Koneru has filed a complaint against its filmmaker.Koneru, the proprietor of Shreya Productions, had earlier produced four films with RGV - three in Telugu and the Hindi Not A Love Story. He has now filed a legal complaint with the WIFPA (Western India Film Producers Association) for non-payment of dues. He had reportedly invested Rs 3.5 crore in the Sanjay Dutt, Amitabh Bachchan and Rana Daggubati starrer. Als, he has not been credited as the co-producer.Koneru's representative, advocate Atul Mankame told Mirror, \"Koneru and RGV had an agreement that they would make a handful of films together. Some of their previous productions ran into losses and thus Department was supposed to be the big project to recover the monies. They had agreed to dub the film in Tamil and Telugu. A section of the cast and crew ad been paid in advance by Koneru's office. He had also incurred expenses during the pre-production.\"However, the problems began when the film was sold out to Viacom18 without Koneru's consent. \"My client, Mr Koneru had approached Viacom18 as well. We have all the proofs and requisitions from RGV's office. We simply want to get our investment back legally,\" added Mankame.When contacted, Koneru said, \"There are certain issues that have cropped up between my office and Ramu's. It is nothing personal. I have approached the producers' association to sort out our issues.\"Ram Gopal Varma , however denied all charges. \"This is all nonsense. I have no idea about all this. Whatever it is, my office shall take care of it. I don't have time for such frivolous allegations,\" he said.When we contacted his office, Sandip Ghangatkar, CEO of RGV's Film Factory said, \"It's completely false. We don't have to pay him for anything. If anybody had any legitimate claim on a particular film, they wouldn't wait till the date of release. He has other vested interests.\"Meanwhile...While Koneru is unhappy with RGV, the two leading ladies of his film Department aren't too pleased with the filmmaker either. Laxmi Manchu and Anjaana Sukhani haven't taken too well to Ramu's affinity towards item girl Natalia Kaur. While they have been left out from the film's marketing, RGV has been busy promoting Kaur.Sukhani, who plays Rana Daggubati's love interest in the film, chose to be diplomatic and said, \"Everyone knows that Ramu doesn't sign actors until and unless the character is vital to the film. I had a chat with him and he explained how Manisha Koirala and Antaara Mali weren't promoted during Company either. Only Eesha Koppikhar's item number was. Not being a part of the promotions feels a bit unfair. So I am meeting the producers. Hopefully they will change the strategy.\"Mohan Babu's daughter Manchu, who will make her debut with the film was clueless about the promotional campaign. \"I don't think Ramu will sabotage my career. But I am a little concerned. It's not fair to give preference to one over the other. I have seen the promos and they are not what I was promised. I had taken a major pay cut for the film. But I am not going to cry over spilt milk,\" she told Mirror.When contacted, RGV said, \"To start with, no film is made with the purpose of promoting actors. Depending on the subject matter a campaign is designed. Department is a hard-hitting men in action film. Natalia is visible because she's done the main song. As for anyone being upset with me they will be the best people to answer that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore/ hubli", "code": "12863857", "title": "Closed Raichur Thermal Power Station units may start running tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE/ HUBLI: People in rural parts of Karnataka may have to cope with extended power cuts for some more days. Four units of the Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS), which stopped functioning from Monday due to shortage of water in the Krishna river, may not to be restored till Thursday.\"About 1,000 cusecs of water released from Narayanpur reservoir on Monday evening will take two or more days to reach RTPS,'' Raichur deputy commissioner M V Savitri told TOI.Following the shutdown of four RTP units, the government issued strict directions to the Raichur district administration to ensure that farmers of the Krishna catchment area don't draw water directly from the river for irrigation.Police personnel have been deputed near the river and canals to prevent farmers from drawing water from canals along the river in Devadurga and other places in the district. \"I have directed the Yadgir SP to personally monitor and ensure the released water reaches the RTPS,\" Savitri added.However, there are no reports of protests by farmers in the district over this issue. On a daily basis, the RTPS needs about 2 lakh cubic meters of water to run all eight units smoothly . \"If 1,000 cusecs of water released from Narayanpur reaches the RTPS plant, it would be sufficient for us to generate power for about 15-20 days. By then, we expect the skies to open up,\" a senior RTPS official said.A day after four units of RTPS were shut down, there was reports of extended power cuts and outages in the rural parts of the state. Raichur, Yadgir, Gulbarga and Bidar were the worst-hit and power was restored late in the evening, sources said.Irate residents complained that there were extended power cuts during the day, ranging from 6-12 hours, on Tuesday.DARK AND DRYFollowing the shutdown of four RTPS units, the government issued strict directions to the Raichur administration to ensure that farmers of the Krishna catchment area don't draw water directly from the river", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861132", "title": "Garbage collection drive planned in Deccan Gymkhana ward", "text": "PUNE: The Swach Seva Sahakari Sanstha (SWaCH) and Deccan Gymkhana Parisar Samiti (DGPS) today announced a special drive to collect, reuse and recycle unwanted household items from residents of Deccan Gymkhana ward no. 36 of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The idea is to reduce the amount of garbage generated in the civic ward.Residents from the ward can dump unwanted items into large bins labeled by category such as old clothes, footwear, old toys and electric gadgets at the back gate of the Kamala Nehru park on April 29 between 9.00 am and 12.00 pm.In addition to the collection drive, SWaCH, along with DGPS and the PMC sanitation staff, will clean up the two small by-lanes that join Bhandarkar Road and the stretch along the north entrance of the Kamala Nehru park, currently being used as mini-garbage dumps.Deccan Gymkhana corporator Madhuri Sahasrabuddhe said, \"The Deccan Gymkhana area, once known as a clean, tranquil, low density residential area, is now bustling with residential and commercial complexes, malls and hotels. With increase in population and commercial activity, the amount of garbage generated has increased exponentially, far exceeding the capacity to process it. Each of us in Pune generates 400-500 gm of solid garbage every day. Pune city as a whole generates around 1,400 to 1,500 tonnes of garbage per day.\"Anil Rane, corporator from the same civic panel, said, \"The garbage problem can never be solved unless we accept that we realize that it's due to us. This is one issue we cannot leave for the next generation to deal with. If we want to leave behind a legacy of a clean and green living space for our children, we need to tackle the garbage issue on a war footing. The only way we can have a clean ward is if we reduce the garbage going into the bins - and for this, the residents must be educated about segregation and composting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12861015", "title": "Gautam denies links with ex-Hidco official", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy over the background of Anjan Bhattacharya, who is facing CID grilling for allegedly impersonating as CM's brother, got a new turn on Tuesday with former minister and senior CPM leader Gautam Deb denying any political connection with him. Deb also branded the accused as a Congress worker.The ruling Trinamool Congress government has been alleging a close connection between Deb and Bhattacharya, as the former - as Hidco chairman in the Left Front government - had employed the latter. Bhattacharya was arrested on Saturday for impersonating as chief minister Mamata Banerjee's brother and seeking favours from the East Midnapore administration.\"The uproar over the incident only makes me feel that I am the culprit, not Anjan. way in which some news channels are showcasing Anjan and his links with me, makes me feel that it is I instead of Anjan who is the culprit.This is being deliberately done to malign me,\" Deb said. He admitted that he had offered Bhattacharya the post of Hidco's PRO in 2008. \"He had recommendations from none other than Amartya Sen , so we took him. I have already briefed Sen about the misdeeds of Bhattacharya. However, over the past two days I have researched enough to prove to anyone who is interested thatHe was a Chhatra Parishad worker since his student days in Bolpur and hails from a family of Congress loyalists,\" Deb added.Deb asked the Mamata Banerjee-government to reveal the call history of Bhattacharya in last two years. \"This will prove everything, right from whom he had called and from whom he had received calls. The fact that Bhattacharya was close to the Congress-TMC combine will come to the fore,\" he said.Deb, who is also the CPM district secretary of the North 24 Parganas later revealed his party's plans to connect better with people. A total of 25,000 party workers have been selected from the district to go through a rigorous training process. \"We are training them on how they should go from door-to-door and build rapport with the masses and how they would play the role of the opposition. There are 8017 polling booths in this district and we will divide our total strength of 1.60 lakh comrades equally to man every booth. We will end the training process by May 15,\" Deb said, adding that over the next couple of months the party has planned at least 18 public meetings to be addressed by CPM politburo members like Prakash Karat , Sitaram Yechury and Buddhadeb Bhattacharya.\"We will try and make people realize that we are passing through difficult times and that the future of democracy is bleak thanks to the autocratic TMC led government,\" Deb said.He however stressed that if the state government takes steps to develop Sector V and New Town into a mammoth IT hub, \"we will support her and work with her.\" The CPM will also work towards sensitizing the new government about the needs of the ailing industrial hub at Barrackpur.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12859956", "title": "Tribals unwilling to relocate from PTR area", "text": "DALTONGANJ: For the 22-odd tribal families living on the Jaigeer hill area, 3,133 feet above sea level and surrounded by hills from four sides - life means total confinement. This village is bereft of roads and electricity as well as drinking water and irrigation. There is only one school.Deprived of basic infrastructure, these families have been asked to relocate since their village and several others fall under the Palamu Tiger Reserve. Once relocated to the plains earlier, these families will also enjoy a better life and all benefits under various government schemes, said DFO (buffer) Anil K Mishra. There are three other villages falling in the core area of PTR - Ramandaag (150 houses), Latoo (50 houses) and Kujrum (40 houses).But the families do not want relocation. Lakhan Oraon, living here, is sceptical about his relocation. \"What if I don't get land at the place I'm relocated,\" he said.Premchand Birjiya is suspicious of the forest department's designs. Lakho Devi said she had grown up here and vowed not to move out from here as her soul lives here. Mishra said he had a plan to take five of the villagers to Satpura National Park in Madhya Pradesh to see for themselves how people who lived in the park area have been suitably relocated with drinking water, health services, education, irrigation etc. Krishna Trushti, a PTR research assistant, compared the life here and at Kanha tiger reserve and said, \"The tribals here have resigned themselves to fate. The valley is their world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867687", "title": "Woman in distress rescued", "text": "GUWAHATI: A 45-year-old woman in distress hailing from a well-to-do family in Rangia was rescued by a city -based organization.Anima Talukdar was found ion a road in Rangia and was not in a healthy state of mind.Talukdar was allegedly tortured mentally and physically by her in-laws after her husband's premature death. Anima was married to Kamakhya Talukdar, a rich contractor in Rangia and according to local sources after his death Anima was forced to leave her house following repeated harassments by the in-laws and started living in the streets. She was allegedly raped and gave birth to a baby whom she threw into the river.\"Acting on a tip-off from some concerned individuals we immediately sent some volunteers who rescued the woman. Her condition was undesirable. Her clothes were almost torn. We then took her to Gauhati Medical College Hospital and now she is under treatment at the psychiatry department,\" said Manab Kakoty, an official of Help Aid, the organization who rescued her.The issue came to the fore when a local scribe in Rangia noticed the poor woman and had inquired about her. \"She used to loiter around the streets of Rangia. But no one came forward to help her. Only some police men used to give her food. On enquiring I learnt that she belonged to a good family and became a victim of adverse circumstances. Her in-laws on being asked about her said we should take care of her,\" said Prakash Kumar Deka.Himangshu Das, officer-in-charge, Rangia police station said, \"I came to know from some locals that she used to act in some television serials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12859346", "title": "Burglars try to rob bank, leave empty-handed", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Barely a day after the state cooperatives minister announced that surveillance cameras would be installed in all cooperative banks, a gang of burglars attempted to rob a central cooperative bank in the wee hours of Tuesday in Tirunelveli, but fled the place.Police said that gang must have fled, apparently after sensing movement of villagers near the bank at Karukurichi near Veeravanallur. One of the two locks of the bank's door was broken. At the time of the incident, the bank had cash to the tune of several lakhs of rupees besides gold jewellery pawned by the farmers.Police said that the cooperative bank was functioning in the building for several years. \"On Tuesday morning, a woman employee of the bank who reported for duty found that the lock in the front door was broken. She immediately informed the assistant manager Hariharan who lodged a complaint,\" police said.Despite the killing of five suspected bank robbers in a police shootout in Chennai, robbery attempts in banks have not come down, especially in rural branches. On March 7, thieves struck the extension branch of Canara Bank situated at a private college premises in Thiruvedagam in rural Madurai limits. The gang, however, fled after the burglar alarm went off.On March 26, another bank robbery was foiled in a mountain side village at Dindigul after the safety alarm went off. The burglars had gained entry into the branch of State Bank of India at Adalur village and attempted to break open the locker when the alarm went off. The gang fled in a car as villagers rushed to the bank.In February, an attempt was made to rob the Cooperative Agricultural and Rural Development Bank opposite Aavin plant in Managiri road in Madurai, but the culprits had left apparently after they failed to break open a lock.In the same month, culprits broke open the branch of Bank of Baroda at Sakthivelammal Street in SS Colony. Though three-member gang was not able to rob cash or valuables, it stole the computer hard disk as they feared that their images would be recorded in the CCTV, which was installed inside. However, the police managed to arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864996", "title": "Exams in Gujarat Technological University from April 28", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Summer examinations for various technical courses including BE, pharmacy, MBA and MCA conducted by Gujarat Technological University (GTU) will start from April 28.GTU has directed all colleges to send their senior teaching staff including professors and assistant professors for examination duty.The varsity has also made it mandatory for them to remain punctual in their allotted duty or face action.In the past, question papers have been leaked through smses by some of the junior lecturers and an official complaint was lodged with GTU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12859366", "title": "Jalees Ansari convicted for Jaipur serial blasts", "text": "AJMER: The Pune police will come to arrest Jalees Ansari from the central jail of Ajmer in another blast case. The police commissioner of Pune called the prosecution of designated TADA court and informed about the matter.Jalees Ansari is already convicted for life imprisonment in Mumbai serial blasts and Rajdhani Express blast in which the CBI had filed the chargesheet. On Tuesday, he was also sentenced in the Jaipur 1993 serial blasts. \" Jalees and his accomplices are also wanted in the Pune serial blasts after the demolition of Babri Masjid and now Pune police wanted to arrest them. The commissioner also asked about the progress of Jaipur blast case,\" said Bhagirath Singh Shekawat, special prosecutor. He said that Jalees is also required by different investigating agencies in Lucknow, Hyderabad and Mumbai.According to investigating reports, Jalees came to India in 1992 through Bangladesh after receiving training in Pakistan and started his network here to spread terror and work against the country. \"He was in contact with members of HuJi and started the work for laying the foundation of Indian Mujjahideen. He started looking for youth to prepare a team here,\" said a senior official who investigated the Jaipur blasts case.\"Jalees is a trained technical hand and was nicked named as \"doctor\". He specialized in using TNT and mobile timers in the country,\" said a source.The CBI found Jalees as the mastermind in the Mumbai serial blasts and the blasts which occurred in Rajdhani Express.Jalees was also the main suspect when mobile hand sets and SIM cards were recovered from the central jail in Ajmer in 2010. The security establishment got worried when it was found that calls were made to overseas from inside the jail. At present, there are 16 hardcore terrorists in Ajmer central jail which include Jalees, Habib Ahmad, Jamal Alvi, Abrar Rahmat, Shabir, Ravinder, Kripal Singh and Braj Mohan.Jail sources said that after being convicted for life in terrorist activities, Jalees has been shifted to an isolated cell. \"He knows English, Hindi and Urdu and general talk less to other prisoners,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859619", "title": "Monday a fasting day for Kamla Nehru carnivores", "text": "INDORE: Over 50 carnivores at Kamla Nehru Zoological park in the city have to spend every Monday without food. It is not because these wild animals in captivity are figure conscious to embark on a dieting course on their own for staying slim but a method followed by the zoo officials to keep them healthy.Talking to ToI, in-charge of the zoo, Dr Uttam Yadav, though tried to under play the matter terming the method as a routine affair, the visitors to the zoo were surprised to see the tigers were not served food. However, the explanation of the zoo official was much anticipated.\"These animals get readymade food regularly and remain enclosed with limited movement,\" said Dr Yadav adding that as a result, the carnivores gain weight. In order to prevent the animals from getting overweight, the zoo officials have decided to cut down their diet at least once in a week to ensure that they do not contract any disease from overweight.Dr Yadav said that if they tend to gain weight, the carnivores could develop health problems like abnormal functioning of their digestive system. He claimed that the zoo officials across the country used to select a day according to the availability of their resources and Indore zoo officials have selected Monday for putting the carnivores on fasting mode. But, other animals in the zoo get their food on time every day, he clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864539", "title": "Armed Forces Medical College entrance examination at Vasco", "text": "The Armed forces medical College (AFMC) entrance examination - 2012 will be held on May 6 at Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 1, Varunapuri, Mangor Hill, Vasco, and Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 2 at Shantinagar, near Dabolim airport. Candidates should download their admit card from the internet using their registered login ID, states a press note issued by Prashant Mathur, commander, public relations officer for Flag Officer Commanding. The press note also states that candidates should also possess of two copies of the downloaded admit card, duly completed in all respects, and a photo identity card (school/college ID, passport, voter ID, PAN card or driving license).CME programme in pathology: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme in pathology on April 26, at 3pm, in the pathology department's seminar room. There will be a clinico pathological conference (CPC) wherein benign chondroblastoma of the radius and aspergillosis of the lung will be discussed. The CME will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto, and the speakers will include Dr Abhinandan Punit, Dr Rohit Wadala, Dr Sitaram Bharath, Dr Anuya Bandekar and Dr Aditya S.The topics that will be discussed are the clinical features, age and sex distribution, imaging, gross, microscopy, treatment, prognosis, differential diagnosis and recent advances in benign chondroblastoma of the radius, and the clinical features, types, culture, imaging, gross, microscopy, treatment, complications and the recent advances of aspergillosis of the lung. Goa Medical Council has given a CME accreditation to this scientific programme, and the CME is open to doctors practicing in Goa.Photography exhibition in Panaji: The directorate of museums will organize a photography exhibition titled 'Gomant-Sangeet: Ek Zalak' from April 28 to May 12. The exhibition will be inaugurated on April 28 at 11am by Pandit Kamalakar Naik, former principal of Goa Music College. The directorate has also organized a programme of ghazals, 'Ghazal Rang', on April 29, at 3.30pm, in which eminent ghazal writers Vaibhav Joshi, Appa Thakur, Sandeep Malavi, Chittaranjan Bhat, Vaibhav Deshmukh and Sudhir Mahik will participate. This will be followed by a dialogue with music composer Kaushal Inamdar. Shahir Suresh Kumar Vairalkar will compere the programme.Suvarnaprashana camp at Saligao: A 'Suvarnaprashana camp' will be conducted by the Ayurvedic natural health centre near Saligao church on April 29 for children in the 0-10 age group, from 10am to 6pm. For details and registration call on 2409036 or 2409275.Concert at Jardim Garcia de Orta: The second edition of Jazz Goa's 'Concert in the park' will be organized from 6pm onwards on May 1 at the Jardim Garcia de Orta, Panaji. The concert will feature the Panjim Open Philharmonic, Jazz Junction, Smoking Chutney and The Suburban Jazz Ensemble, besides guest artistes from all over the world. For more information log on www.jazzgoa.com.Yoga classes at ICG: Yoga classes will be conducted by Hoor Girglani at the International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula, every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. The first session will be conducted between 7.30am and 8.30am, while the second session will be between 9am and 10am. For details and registration, contact Girglani (Ph: 9766015762, 2451363).Art of Living course: Part II of the Art Of Living course will be conducted from May 20 to May 23, a four-day residential programme, at International Centre at Bangalore, in the presence of Sri Sri Ravishankarji. Specially designed by Ravishankarji, the coursewhich aims at focusing on outer dynamism and inner peace, serene and calm state of mind and erasing deep rooted stress through meditations, silence and knowledge, states a press note. For details and registration contact Dr Venkatesh Hegde (Ph: 9422063255).Curtorim Gymkhana's meeting: Annual general body meeting of Curtorim Gymkhana will be held on May 20. The general election of new managing committee, for a two-year term, will also be held on the same day under the new constitution. The executive committee has nominated Gromiko Fernandes as the returning officer to conduct the election for the year 2012 to 2014. Members interested in contesting should contact Fernandes (Ph: 9822142608) for the nomination papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12860076", "title": "Centre wades into Barelvi-Wahabi duel in Kashmir?", "text": "Sectarian shadow boxing between Islamic sects is getting full play in Kashmir. It's the 'Good Barelvis' versus 'Dangerous Wahabis'. And the duel seems to be getting some support of the Centre and its agencies. Could this turn out to be the kind of folly the State committed when it played footsie with Bhindranwale in Punjab?SRINAGAR: Chances are that Pir Jalaluddin, head of the Batmaloo Sahib shrine in Srinagar, never heard the two bullets that hit him on the night of March 17. But for many in Kashmir, these were echoes of a sectarian war in the making in the Valley. The Pir belonged to a new aggressive group of the Barelvi sect of Islam in Kashmir, a grouping that in the past six months has lost no opportunity to rally its large following in the state.Shrine-going Barelvis constitute about 70% of J&K;'s Muslims - an overwhelming majority in the Valley. However, the past 20 years have seen the more puritanical Wahabis like Ahle Hadith make rapid inroads in the state - a spread that is often ascribed to vast inflow of foreign funds to these organisations from Saudi Arabia . Thanks to their resources, Wahabi groups have ensured easy availability of Wahabi literature.\"When I was about to pass out of college, I too turned a Wahabi for a few years, unlike my shrine-going family,\" said an unlikely young professional who didn't want to be identified. Going further, he said, \"The evening sermon was followed by tea and snacks. The mosque was large and airy and had reading material like books and pamphlets. Go to any roadside bookseller and he will have dozens of magazines and books to choose from on Wahabism.\"But the picture is changing now. With their righteous slogan of \"Custodians of Kashmiriyat\" and \"Inclusive Islam\", the Barelvis are upping the ante to counter the spread of Wahabi organisations. There are several signs of this: the attack on Pir Jalaluddin, the recent attack on policemen at Hazratbal shrine, then another shooting at Dastgeer Sahib, but overtly people pretend there is no sectarian strife. It's only in private they talk about it. And what's more, it seems the state and its agencies are not neutral in the strife.There's a tactical understanding that the \"Good Barelvis\" are better than the \"Dangerous Wahabi\". The genesis of the belief lies in the summer unrest of 2010 when the \"Conflict Generation\" of Kashmir, boys born post-1990, took the lead in agitations. A subsequent survey by the Union home ministry found that almost 60% of young people spent a considerable time listening to religious discourses on the net or on CDs.The overwhelming majority of this material was of the Wahabi school. It was here that the idea of \"Good Barelvis\" and \"Dangerous Wahabis\" took root.By the fall of 2011, the strategy is said to have been fleshed out. When the Kashmir Sufi movement page opened on Facebook in October, the battle for ideas was joined. Starting with a massive rally on February 12 this year, it has been a Barelvi spring awakening for Kashmir. Not a day goes by without a function in some part of the Valley by organisations like the Karvan-e-Islam. Central agencies ensure these functions are given wide coverage by \"sympathetic\" newspapers. Senior government officials are prominent guests at these religious gatherings.Almost in tandem, many religious shrines are being renovated across J&K; to accommodate larger flocks. There's been a sudden inflow of funds which has raised eyebrows. It's at this level the tactical push begins to walk on thin ice. For, on the ground where the mosques are mushrooming, it is the Army which is present in any meaningful way. And the Army that prides itself on being secular, appears to have been convinced to throw their lot to push this sectarian caravan.Army units are keeping a close watch on the construction of new mosques in their operational areas with orders to observe the Wahabis. Many have sprung up recently. For example, in Pulwama, which has some 202 large mosques, 2011 alone saw 43 new ones coming up. In Budgam, close to Srinagar, some 66 new mosques will be completed this year. Early in April, a Rashtriya Rifles unit on the outskirts of Srinagar organised a day's langar at the Urs of a local Shrine. The devout also benefited from a road built to the shrine with Army funds made just weeks earlier.Some officers are uncomfortable with such involvement of the forces. \"Nobody here has ever accused us of being a Hindu army or of sectarian bias. This tarnishes us. We are also influencing our officers and men subconsciously. If these are the good chaps then, by definition, a Jamaat, Deoband or an Ahle Hadith person is dangerous because of the way he practices his religion. Can you really judge a man by the TV channel he watches?\" asked an officer, referring to the Wahabi-supported Peace TV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12860393", "title": "CBI raids four job agencies", "text": "RANCHI: A team of CBI officers from Bhubaneshwar on Tuesday raided the offices of four placement consultancies in the city which allegedly provided fake experience certificates to people to help them get jobs in reputable private and public sector companies.CBI DSP S N Subramaniam confirmed that the team from Bhubaneshwar conducted raids at four places. He however, declined to give any details till the scrutiny of all the seized documents is over.Sources in the CBI said the placement agencies also provided fake experience certificates to people that helped them get admission to courses for experienced professionals.\"The business of placement agencies was flourishing because a large number of youths took fake certificates from them. There were a few cases where a person with one year experience got a certificate for five years and got job in a public sector company,\" said a source adding that the CBI officers had recovered a large number of blank certificates of some reputable companies and organizations.Since the certificates helped people get jobs, the agencies charged a huge fee ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000 depending on the type of job and years of experience required. \"A doctor from the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi is also involved in the racket of providing fake certificates through a placement agency,\" said the source. The doctor was involved in a number of frauds even in the past.Placement agency officials were not ready to speak on the matter. An employee of Le Soleil, one of the four placement agencies, said they were not involved in any fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12864187", "title": "Two tremors reported in Mehsana", "text": "RAJKOT: Five low-intensity tremors rattled Saurashtra, Kutch and north Gujarat on Tuesday. Of these two were reported in Mehsana.A tremor measuring 3.1 on Richter scale was reported near Mehsana at around 8.30 am. The second tremor of 2.1 magnitude occurred at around 12 noon.On Monday, seven low-intensity earthquakes occurred in Saurashtra and Kutch regions.According to Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) officials, over 140 earthquake tremors have occurred since April 1 in the state, mostly in Saurashtra and Kutch region. However, no casualty has been reported so far from any parts of the state as all these tremors have been of low intensity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863127", "title": "MLA\u2019S Men squat in houses for people from slums", "text": "BANGALORE: Squatters, allegedly aided and abetted by an MLA, have occupied over 250 units in a multi-storey housing complex built by the Karnataka State Slum Development Board at Laggere, off Outer Ring Road near Peenya, depriving deserving beneficiaries of their due. The illegal occupation allegedly by Rajarajeshwari Nagar MLA M Srinivas's supporters has derailed the board's plan to rehabilitate 1,200 families living in slums.A part of the complex comprising 350 houses was inaugurated by Union minister for housing and poverty alleviation Kumari Selja on August 7, 2010. But allotment of houses was delayed as some work remained pending.But on January 14, over 250 families entered the housing complex amid fanfare. The occupants had no authorization or allotment letters but were blessed with the support of the legislator.\"We were waiting for the construction to get over when these squatters turned up to occupy the houses. It is a government project and there is political interference. We are under tremendous pressure against taking any action,\" admitted a senior board official.With all efforts to get the squatters vacate the illegal occupation going in vain, the board finally, in the first week of April, complained to the Bangalore North DCP and Yeshwantpur police about the state of affairs . \"We need police help to evict unauthorized occupants. We have asked them to give us a date when the eviction can be done with their support,\" the board officials revealed.When TOI visited the Laggere housing complex recently, photographs of MLA Srinivas were seen prominently displayed in the illegally occupied houses.'' We are all supporters of MLA Srinivas. We were living in Ashraya houses in Rajarajeshwari Nagar. We were asked to move into these homes. These one-BHK houses are certainly safe and comfortable as we have power connection. It has been given to us for free. We have no papers. We do what our leader asks us to do. Our leader works for Srinivas,\" Pankaja K (name changed), a resident of Laggere complex , told TOI. Pankaja claimed that supporters of Laggere corporator Laksmikanth Reddy and a jeweller identified with the JD(S), too, are living in the housing complex.G Kumara, a sub-contractor , who was also part of the building construction , said: \"Our leader asked us to live here. As of now, we have temporary power. If the government is building thousands of houses for slumdwellers , what's wrong if some houses are given to others too. What are you going to lose if I live here?\"Ponni Chinnathambi, local head of Slum Janara Kriya Vedike and resident of a building adjacent to the slum board's Laggere housing complex, said: \"None of the occupants is authorized to live there. We had asked the board to rehabilitate 45 Chickpet slumdwellers in the new complex and they also paid Rs 21,000 each. But genuine slum-dwellers have been deprived of their due, thanks to local politicians who got their supporters to stay in the newly built houses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12864962", "title": "Govt plan for a museum on wheels goes off track", "text": "CHENNAI: In a setback for heritage lovers in the city, the museum on wheels, proposed by the Government Museum in Egmore, is offtrack because officials reportedly underestimated the project cost.Sources said, museum officials got inputs from private agencies involved in similar projects in various parts of the country and estimated that around Rs 35 lakh would be needed. A proposal, including, funding and, other details, was sent to the Ministry of Culture which sanctioned the required sum a few months ago.However, when museum officials decided to rope in NSC, the New Delhi-based unit of the National Council of Science Museums (NCSM ) to execute the project, they were told, to their surprise, that the actual cost would be Rs 45 lakh. The issue was discussed at a review meeting in Government museum at Egmore on Tuesday on the eve of World Heritage Day (April 18 ). \"The issue was discussed threadbare but we are unable to arrive at any solution to mobilise additional funds needed to execute the project. We are in a fix,\" sources quoted officials as saying.Museum officials, sources said, felt it would be embarrassing to request the ministry of culture for the additional Rs 10 lakh as they could be ridiculed for making a wrong assessment in the first place.The museuo-bus, sources said, was to have at least 35 displays, mainly portraits and photographs. Each portrait would be fixed on the windows. Stone sculptures, metal craft works, coins, art and craft, writings and manuscripts would be displayed inside. There will be walking space for visitors and the exhibits would be based on themes. \"Every week will have a new theme based on which the objects would be selected. This would help to break the monotony of objects. A curator will explain the features of rare objects to visitors,\" said sources.Tamil Nadu has about 170 museums, galleries and memorials. The Government Museum in Egmore has 12 sections, including geography, archaeology, anthropology and numismatics, and more than 30,000 collections. The concept of a museuo-bus is yet to take root in the country with only a few like the Chhatrapati Shivaji Vastu Sangrahalaya in Mumbai and the National Museum in Kolkata having mobile museums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861121", "title": "Sonipat all set to become the hub of education in state", "text": "GURGAON: A day after launching several prominent industry projects in Rohtak, the Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , on Tuesday said that he would soon lay the foundation stones of at least a dozen educational institutions at Rajiv Gandhi Education City in Sonipat. Hooda said that education and industrial growth were important for the fast development of the state and the government has been consistently making efforts in this regard. He said that the landholding of farmers was getting smaller and therefore it has become necessary for more industries to be set up, increasing employment opportunities for youth.The education city would come up on 1,500 acres in Sonipat along NH-1, some 40km from the national capital. The chief minister said that the education city will have top-class infrastructure and support services to attract reputed educational institutes to open their campuses in Sonipat.Already, the state government has allocated land to over a dozen institutes and universities to start their campus.Sources said that several more institutions have applied for allotment of land here. Some of the institutions which have got land include Thapar University, Manav Rachna International University, International Foundation for Research and Education, Birla Institute of Management Technology and Fore School of Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12859963", "title": "Rasheed was not tortured, says CBI", "text": "KOCHI: The alleged torture of DySP Abdul Rasheed in CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) custody has stirred up a controversy with CBI officials claiming that they have the required medical documents to prove that the condition of DySP Rasheed was stable and he was not tortured while he was in their custody.\"We conducted detailed medical check-ups while he was in our custody on April 16 and April 17. After this, we handed him to jail authorities,\" said CBI officials. \"Usually, cases under Section 323, 324, 506 (1) and (34) of the IPC are booked only if the complainant produced sufficient medical records to prove his claim. The FIR should take record of the medical records. We handed over the accused to the district jail on April 17,\" CBI officials said.When contacted, police sources said they followed all procedures while registering a case against CBI officials. \"We have seen the medical records submitted by the complainant. Registering a case based on a complaint is normal procedure and we just did that. Now we will conduct an investigation to ascertain the veracity of the complaint. The case will be probed by an assistant commissioner,\" senior police officials said. According to police sources, the complainant presented medical records issued from Thrissur Medical College where Rasheed was admitted on the night of April 17. Officials at Kakkanad district jail said that DySP Rasheed was handed over to the jail by the CBI on April 17. He was later shifted to Thrissur Medical College on April 17 after he complained of uneasiness.On April 20, he was discharged from the medical college. \"We did not receive any adverse report from the hospital when he was discharged. We took him to the medical college on Tuesday (April 24) for detailed check-up,\" officials said. Kerala police registered a case against top CBI officials based on a complaint filed by DySP Rasheed's elder brother Shahul Hameed.What police claim1.Case registered after Rasheed's brother complained that the DySP was tortured in CBI custody2.The complainant produced medical records to prove his claim3.It is not necessary to inform the respondent in the initial stages of the complaint. Police will conduct a detailed probe and decide whether to proceed with the case or notWhat CBI claims1.Medical records prove that the accused was medically fit, there were no signs of physical torture when he was in CBI custody2.Medical records presented by the complainant are fabricated and police filed the case without conducting a preliminary inquiry3.Accused handed over to prison authorities on April 17. We don't know what transpired there after.Kochi: The alleged custodial torture of DySP Abdul Rasheed in CBI custody has stirred up a controversy with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials claiming that they have the required medical documents to prove that the health condition of DySP Abdul Rasheed was stable and there were no signs of any torture on his body while he was in their custody.\"We have conducted detailed medical check-up of the DySP while he was in our custody on April 16 and April 17. We handed over him to the jail authorities after conducting a detailed medical check-up,\" said the CBI officials.\"Usually, cases under Section 323, 324, 506 (1) and (34) of IPC are booked only if the complainant produced sufficient medical records to prove his claim. The FIR should take record of the medical records. We handed over the accused to the district jail on April 17,\" the CBI officials said.When contacted, the police sources said that they followed all procedures in registering the case against the CBI officials for alleged custodial torture of the DySP.\"We have seen the medical records submitted by the complainant. Registering a case based on a complaint is a normal procedure and we have just followed it. Now we will conduct an investigation to ascertain whether there is any veracity to the complaint. The case has been handed over to a police officer in the rank of Assistant Commissioner,\" senior police officials said.As per the police sources, the complainant presented medical records issued from Thrissur Medical College where the accused was admitted on the night of April 17.Officials at Kakkanad district jail said that DySP Rasheed was handed over to the jail by the CBI on April 17. He was later shifted to Thrissur Medical College on April 17 after he complained of uneasiness. On April 20, he was discharged from the Medical College. \"We did not receive any adverse report from the hospital when he was discharged. We took him to the medical college on Tuesday (April 24) for detailed check-up,\" the officials said.The Kerala police registered the case against top CBI officials based on a complaint filed by DySP Rasheed's elder brother Shahul Hameed of Varikollil Vadakethil, Vengara, Karunagapilly.What police claims1.Case registered as per the complaint alleging that the DySP was tortured in CBI custody2.The complainant has produced sufficient medical records to prove his claim3.It is not necessary to inform the respondent in the initial stage about the complaint. Police will conduct a detailed probe and see whether to proceed with the caseWhat CBI claims1.We have medical records to prove that the accused was medically fit and no signs of physical torture when he was in the CBI custody2.The medical records presented by the complainant are fabricated and the police filed the case without conducting a preliminary inquiry3.We handed over the accused to the jail on April 17. We don't know what transpired in the jail there after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859932", "title": "'Badshah' still playing hide-and-seek", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rahmankhera tiger, nicknamed 'Badshah' by wildlife enthusiasts and social media, continues to play hide-and-seek with the trackers. The big cat killed and partially ate a buffalo tied as bait at Rahmankhera on Monday night. It was the 20th bait killed by the tiger even as forest officials remain clueless.The tiger has now shifted its location to a patch of forest with a dense canopy of 'sheesham' trees. On Monday night, it killed and dragged the bait to the sheesham thickets. The tracking team has set up a 'machaan' close to its current location. The bait is being tied to lure the big cat, so that it can be tranquilised once it comes close to the animal.But the strategy, which has been repeatedly tried in Rahmankhera for past four months, has failed to yield result. The tiger was first spotted at Rahmankhera on January 8. \"The entire effort is focused on keeping the tiger localised at Rahmankhera rather than tranquilising it,\" said wildlife enthusiast Kaushalendra Singh.The forest department has not fixed any deadline for tranquilising the tiger. In such a case, the operation might continue without any interference from the agencies that matter. Wildlife activists have demanded that the government should fix a deadline for the operation since lot of money has already been spent on it.And, in case the department fails to trap the tiger in a given time, it might seek help from other quarters. Though the tracking team is now continuing the operation during night as well, activists say it should become more regular. \"The team can monitor the behaviour of the tiger to find out when it strkes, in the evening or late night, and can keep a watch accordingly,\" said secretary, Tiger and Terrain, Sanjay Narayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859441", "title": "32-year-old man found dead", "text": "BHOPAL: A 32-year-old man was found dead at Gandhi Nagar area here on Tuesday. The injury marks on the body suggested that he was murdered, police said.The police informed that the deceased Mahesh was a resident of Shivaji Ward 1 in Gandhi Nagar. They found injury marks on his eyes and other body parts. The body has been sent for post-mortem to ascertain the exact reasons behind the death, the police added.The deceased is survived by his wife and three kids. The police said he left his house on Monday evening but did not return. Further investigations are continuing in the case, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862201", "title": "Drug-resistant malaria import under scrutiny", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is stepping up surveillance against importing drug-resistant malaria.The National Institute of Malaria Research (NIMR) has joined the global Tracking Resistance to Artemisinin (TRAC) study, being spearheaded by the University of Oxford , which will look at parasite clearance time, parasite reduction ratio and the time to achieve a fall of 50%, 90% and 99% of the pre-treatment parasitaemia.Malaria that is resistant to the drug of choice, Artemisinin, was recently found along the Thailand-Myanmar border - 800km westward from where it was first confirmed in Cambodia in 2006.Artemisinin Combination Therapies (ACT) kills malaria parasite in human bloodstream within 24-36 hours. With the drug-resistant strain, ACT needs up to 120 hours to kill the parasite.Oxford researchers say because artemisinins are the most potent anti-malarial drugs, the reduction in parasite numbers is rapid. Hence, early measures of reducing parasite counts are needed. NIMR's Dr Neena Valecha said, \"The main purpose of this study is to address a simple but crucial question regarding artemisinin resistance for which currently there is no answer. Has artemisinin resistant Plasmodium falciparum spread from western Cambodia? The main methodology of the proposed research programme is to investigate parasite clearance rate with artemisinin in falciparum malaria and understand molecular mechanisms of same.\"Dr Valecha added that the study supported by DFID is being carried out in south Asia, south-east Asia and Africa .\"India will start the study in Jalpaiguri in West Bengal , which is close to the Indo-Nepal border. The countries involved in this study include Thailand, Laos , Cambodia, Myanmar , Vietnam , China, Bangladesh , Kenya and Nigeria,\" Dr Valecha added.Dr A C Dhariwal, head of India's vector-borne disease control programme, said, \"We are also undertaking therapeutic efficacy study across 15 sites to look for malaria resistance to ACT.\"Oxford researchers added, \"This study will give dosage to patients for three days with artesunate alone (or longer until parasites clear) and measure the parasite count frequently to be able to define an accurate regression of the parasite count vs. time. This will be followed by a full course of ACT. Later, two different dose regimens of artesunate will be compared.\"India records 1.5 million cases of malaria every year, 50% of which are caused by the falciparum malaria. Officially, an estimated 18,000 die of malaria in the country.\"Combination therapy is a deliberate strategy to delay the development of drug resistance. ACTs deliver a two-punch attack on the malaria parasite. By combining drugs with different mechanisms of action and different time spans of activity, ACTs increase the likelihood that any parasites not killed by one drug will be killed by the second one. The usefulness of these therapies is now under threat,\" said Margaret Chan , WHO's director general.Every year, there are 250 million cases of malaria infections around the world, causing nearly one million deaths.Scientists say genetically determined artemisinin resistance in P falciparum emerged along the Thailand-Myanmar border at least eight years ago, and has since increased substantially. At this rate, resistance will reach rates to other countries in two-six years.The authors point out that the declining artemisinin effectiveness will have an adverse effect on the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria by slowing therapeutic responses and increasing treatment failure rates and will reduce the remarkable life-saving effectiveness of artesunate in the treatment of severe malaria.Experts warn that with people travelling far and wide all the time, it is possible that the drug resistant parasite will start to spread outside Thailand and Cambodia.\"In no time, an infected person can bring the parasite into India. However, the threat is contained in a few provinces of Thailand and Cambodia,\" the expert added.Dr Anne-Catrin Uhlemann from Columbia University College of Physicians said, \"Containment efforts should no longer be restricted to Cambodia because resistance could be starting to emerge in various parts of south-east Asia, including Myanmar, where the malaria burden is high and public health infrastructure weak.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12859340", "title": "Dacoits escape from court premises in Tijara", "text": "ALWAR: The law and order situation touched a new low in the state on Tuesday as over a dozen miscreants helped four dacoits escape from the court premises in Alwar's Tijara town on Tuesday.The miscreants fired 30 rounds of bullets scaring away policemen, lawyers and public inside the court. The cops escorting the prisoners too had to run for cover.A stampede like situation erupted in the court premises as everybody rushed for safety, some of them even hid in the toilets to save their lives. Even the policemen escorting these prisoners had to flee.The four prisoners, incidentally, were behind the bars for attacking a police team in their village Palpur in Tijara. They had also been involved in several cases of dacoities.It was the fourth incident of firing at the police in Rajasthan within the last six days.According to the police, the incident took place at Tijara court around 10.30 am. Newly-appointed SP of Alwar, C Santosh told TOI that four men, identified as Arsad, Tundu, Mittal and Iqbal, were being produced in the court by police guards. They were escorted by a head constable and four constables, which is inadequate given the number of prisoners.Eye-witnesses said over a dozen goons armed with guns entered the court premises. \"They had come in a pick-up jeep. After entering the court, they started shooting in air to scare away people,\" the officer said. While the miscreants fired 30 bullets, cops didn't counter the attack.\"No policeman intervened. They (miscreants) pushed the police guards to the ground and escorted the four prisoners into their pick up,\" said a lawyer, who witnessed the entire incident. It took them 10 minutes to escape, he added.\"We have sent out information to all police stations in the state. Several teams have been constituted and raids are being carried out at possible hide-outs,\" the SP said. The identity of those who helped the prisoners escape is yet to be ascertained.The incident, however, has once again put the spotlight on poor security arrangements in courts. It was only after the event that the security around the judges' chamber was stepped up. No one was reported injured, police said. However, the police are either not disclosing or did not have any information about the identity of those who were involved in freeing the prisoners. The incident has brought to fore poor security arrangements in the courts. Security was stepped up around judges chambers after the incident. Police said no one was injured in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860547", "title": "Airport Authority of India approves parallel taxi track for Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Airport Authority of India has given an in-principle approval for setting up a parallel taxi track (PTT) at Thiruvananthapuram International Airport. Besides reducing air traffic congestion and saving fuel for airlines, the PTT will help the air traffic control minimize the risk involved due to bunching of traffic by airlines.There has been a 20% hike in air traffic over the past three years at the Trivandrum International Airport. Of the 50 arrivals and departures every day, around 15 flights land and take-off between 7am and 11am.At present the ATC maintains seven-minute spacing between landings. Once the aircraft lands, it taxis all the way down to the end of runway 14 (in the direction of the All Saints College) and does a 180 degree turn and comes back almost 1,000 meters, therefore occupying the runway for at least five minutes. Meanwhile approaching aircraft is kept at least four nautical miles away, and if there is a second incoming aircraft the waiting time increases to 14 minutes.\"Some aircraft have to go all the way to Nagarcoil, located 40 nautical miles away, as inflexible airline timings have created air traffic bunching between 7am and 11am. Once the aircraft lands, the ATC has no time control over it. It is in the hands of the pilot. Most airlines follow the recommended maximum taxi speed of 30 knots. Emirates operate Boeing 777s and often the first to vacate to runway, but for that they apply maximum braking on landing, which tends to burn the tyres. With the new PTT, the runway occupancy time will drastically reduce to three minutes,\" said an official from Air Traffic Control.\"The PTT will run alongside 60% of the total 3,398 meter runway as land is yet to be acquired on either ends of runway 32 and runway 14. Cost estimation for the project will be made in six months and the PTT could take anywhere between 16 to 18 months to complete,\" said an airport authority official.PTT will help the air traffic control minimize the risk due to bunching of traffic by airlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862221", "title": "'Girls more likely to have sex before 15'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Adolescent girls - in the 15-19 age group - in developing countries like India are more likely than adolescent boys to have sex before they turn 15.While 3% boys, in the 15-19 age category, had sex before reaching 15 between 2005 and 2010 in India, almost 8% girls in the same age group had become sexually intimate.Unicef's \"Global Report Card on Adolescents 2012\" published in the Lancet said among 15-19 year olds in the developing world (excluding China), 11% girls had sex before the age of 15 against 5% boys. Early sex also resulted in early childbearing, and also increased the risk of HIV infection.While only 35% adolescent boys in India had comprehensive knowledge of HIV, it was much lower among girls at 19%.In India, 49,000 male adolescents and 46,000 girls were living with HIV in 2010. Globally, approximately 2.2 million adolescents, aged 10-19, are living with HIV, and most of them do not know their status. In absolute numbers, it works out to 1.3 million and 870,000 adolescent girls and boys, respectively.Birth rates among Indian adolescents were also very high. About 22% women aged 20-24 years now gave birth before turning 18. Bangladesh , India and Nigeria alone account for one in every three of the world's adolescent births. The Unicef report, to be announced on Wednesday, says globally each year around 16 million girls, aged 15-19, give birth, accounting for around 11% of all births.Unicef says early childbearing often results from child marriage. Approximately 95% of adolescent births occur in low and middle-income countries. The only industrialized country among the top 10 nations with the highest number of adolescent births is the US.More than one in four women in sub-Saharan Africa has given birth before she turned 18. Early marriage is also rampant globally.Nearly one in every four adolescent girls aged 15-19 in the developing world (excluding China) is currently married or in union. In south Asia, nearly one in every three adolescent girls aged 15-19 is married, compared to one in 14 in Central and Eastern Europe .The South Asia region has the greatest proportion of girls, aged 15-19, married. The percentage of boys the same age, who are married or in union is much lower (less than 5%), in these regions.The report says, \"The real extent of adolescent marriage is known only retrospectively, since adolescent girls who are currently single still face the risk of being married before they finish adolescence. More than one third of women aged 20-24 in the developing world were married by age 18, while they were still children with about one third of these married by age 15.\"\"In the least developed countries, nearly half of women aged 20-24 were married before the age of 18. Negative consequences of child marriage abound, particularly for girls. They may be cut off from their families, their formal education left behind. Their development - and the fulfillment of their human rights - may be compromised,\" it added.There are also health concerns associated with child marriage, which often leads to adolescent childbearing. In developing countries, more than 90% of births to adolescents occur within marriage. Data for several countries suggest that women who marry as children are at risk of domestic violence as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12859283", "title": "Museum at Agrasen College is a treasure trove", "text": "VARANASI: The eclectic collection of Benarasi art and culture on one side and informative display of archaeologically important articles on the other. The myriad hues of contemporary art and culture of the city along with historic and prehistoric remains of old civilizations can be easily seen at newly constructed museum cum art gallery developed by department of Ancient History Culture and Archaeology, Agrasen Kanya PG College, Parmanandpur.According to Principal Dr Madhu Asthana, the college was able to build the museum and art gallery with the help from the University Grants Commission (UGC). \"The inception of a museum and art gallery by the college was always in the pipeline to enable students get a practical and applicable knowledge of everything that they are studying in text books,\" informed Dr Niharika, curator of the museum and assistant professor of Ancient History.It is open to all, with no entry fee and has wide collection of historical coins, remains of terracotta artifacts, prehistoric ornaments, human arms, pottery and replica of statues that were found in excavation work at various places in India.The museum set up solely for the purpose of education has huge collection of remains of Harappan potteries including red wares, grey ware, painted red wares, glazed wares of 2200 BC and 1200 BC, terracotta articles like female bust of first and second century AD, human head, animal shaped artifacts and a varieties of coins including punch marked and bent coins.The wall of the museum of is outlined with replica of various statues of Buddha (9-10 century AD), Kuber (Gupta period) and Mahaveer (second BC) that are used to study the development of art at various stages of history.According to Dr Niharika, the collection of the historical items depicting gradual development and changes of culture, features, dresses, ornaments, hairstyles, foreign impact, work of art started in December 2011 from cities like Allahabad, Lucknow, Patna, Kaushambi, coin collectors, and excavation sites at various places.On the other hand, art gallery displays fading colours of Benaras like rare and traditional wall paintings, wood toys depicting lifestyle of the city, marble and brass works, scenery of ghats. Endangered chhatri (traditional umbrella) on the ghats which is also the trademark of the city, over 100 years old Benarasi saree with original silver work, miniature paintings are also kept in the gallery.\"The museum cum art gallery is one of its kind of any college in the entire eastern UP and we are looking forward to expand the museum so that students can learn the dying traditional art of the city by local artists and at the same time the knowledge of preservation and conservation of archaeological articles should be known to them,\" informed Dr Niharika.According to her, the department has also approached other colleges and schools of the district to benefit from an educational visit to the museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863479", "title": "Foreign flavour", "text": "Manipal University invites applications to its International Centre for Applied Sciences (ICAS) twinning programme, a collaborative arrangement with 26 international universities. The course provides a platform for students to pursue engineering programmes overseas, at a fraction of the cost.ICAS has tied up with 26 partner universities in the US, UK, Australia, Canada and France providing students a number of optons to choose from. The degree will be awarded by the international university that the student attends, after the successful completion of the course. The course curriculum, methodology and evaluation is based on the US University structure / pattern and is compatible with most of the US, Australian and UK universities, thereby making for smooth credit transfers. Students can choose from over 15 engineering branches like architecture, automotive engineering, aviation/aerospace engineering, biomedical engineering, etc.Universities in the US include the Andrews University, Illinois Institute of Technology , Michigan Technological University , Milwaukee School of Engineering, Russ College of Engineering and Technology, St Cloud State University, The University of South Alabama and University of Illinois - Urbana Champaign, among others. In the UK, ICAS has tied up with City University, Lancaster University, Sheffield Hallam University and the University of Leicester. The universities in Australia are Deakin University, University of Queensland, University Of New South Wales, University of Technology and Flinders University, while in Canada tie-up is with Queen's University, Kingston among others.The eligibiligy criteria is +2/A level/high school with a minimum of 60% marks, with English, physics, mathematics and chemistry/ biotechnology/computer science/ biology as optional subjects. Candidates who wish to take up architecture should have studied English, physics, mathematics with chemistry or computer science or engineering drawing or biology as the optional subjects.For details on application, deadlines, etc, log on to www.manipal.edu/icas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "12867552", "title": "660 Bru families to be repatriated to Mizoram from April 26", "text": "AIZAWL: The Bru refugees living in the relief camps at Kanchanpur subdivision in North Tripura district will be repatriated in the fourth phase to Mizoram's Mamit district from April 26. \"We have proposed to repatriate 669 Bru families during the fourth phase of repatriation, which is expected to be concluded by May 15,\" Mamit district magistrate Rodney L Ralte said.The settlements of the Bru refugees in the relief camps will be dismantled as soon as the families occupying them are repatriated to Mizoram. Ralte said the decision to dismantle the houses vacated by the repatriated Bru refugees was taken at a meeting with North Tripura district magistrate Prashant Kumar in Tripura's Dharmanagar on April 21.He said the transportation for the refugees from the relief camps will be arranged by the Tripura government and the repatriated refugees will be brought to the facilitation centres established at Kanhmun and Zomuantlang villages in Mizoram.The repatriated refugees will be temporarily lodged in the two facilitation centres, where proper identification will be conducted by officials and those confirmed as bona fide residents of Mizoram will be resettled in the Manipur villages.Meanwhile, the Mamit deputy commissioner's office will disburse Rs 1.5 lakh from this week on to each Mizo family who fled to Mizoram from Sakhan range in Tripura after being reportedly intimidated by some members of the Bru community in 1998, the aftermath of communal tension in Mizoram leading to the exodus of Brus from Mizoram in 1997.NGOs and political parties in Mizoram had insisted that Mizo families displaced from Tripura should be rehabilitated before the resumption of Bru repatriation. This had stopped the resumption of Bru repatriation, which was scheduled to commence from the first week of June 2011.Union home minister P Chidambaram's promise, during his second Mizoram visit recently, to rehabilitate the Mizo displaced families and the state government's assurance to disburse rehabilitation packages to them paved the way for the resumption of Bru repatriation on time.Ralte said out of the 83 Mizo families to be rehabilitated by the Mizoram government, 34 families, who submitted their reports that were later verified, will be rehabilitated first. \"The 25 families, who have returned to Tripura, will be rehabilitated by the Tripura government,\" he added.According to Mizoram government records, there were 3,014 Bru families living in the Tripura relief camps; out of which, 819 families have returned to Mizoram-381 families returned in the repatriation arranged by the government and 438 families returned on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863716", "title": "Crisis or not, Sadananada Gowda to expand cabinet", "text": "BANGALORE: With former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's political future looking bleak by the day, chief minister DV Sadananada Gowda has quietly proposed to initiate the long-awaited cabinet expansion exercise, thus instantly triggering another round of hectic lobbying in the BJP.Gowda may put forth his plan before the party's national leaders some time next week. A senior BJP functionary close to Gowda said the CM is hoping to complete the exercise by the first week of May to relieve himself of the burden of managing 20 portfolios.There are 11 vacancies in Gowda's cabinet . He proposes to fill at least eight of these and maintain two or three vacancies to tide over the possible dissension in the party.There are over 20 contenders as it could be the last cabinet expansion ahead of the 2013 assembly elections. The main contenders are CT Ravi, Belur Gopalakrishna, Sogadu Shivanna , DN Jeevaraj, SK Bellubbi, CC Patil, Krishna Palemar, Appu Pattanashetti , Appachu Ranjan , Basavaraj Patil Attur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kalupur railway station's overbridges lead travellers to their trains , but through unsettling pathways of uncertainty ", "code": "12864710", "title": "Philosophical train of thought: French researcher's study of Indian rail affords new insights into Gujarat's facilities", "text": "Kalupur railway station's overbridges lead travellers to their trains , but through unsettling pathways of uncertainty : one can sense but not see where one is going. Gandhigram station has 14 benches , one of which is actually a luggage trolley used as a seat by the fatigued ingenuity of the Gujarati passenger . Though just one train rolls into Bhadran station every day on one of its two tracks , the station is home to three monkey groups .When railway infrastructure is examined not merely as a system of amenities and equipment but also as a space crammed with human instincts and cultures , it emerges that architecture is more than masonry and structural angles . A French researcher has now studied the fluctuating needs of passengers in that light . These needs force passengers to either disregard restrictions of railway facilities or - in their moments of defeat by the paleness of bureaucratic design - to suppress their expectations .Sarah Drouet , has produced a study titled 'The Train Corridor - A Look In Passenger Trains' . The document , commissioned by Spade India Research Cell (Sircle ), is meant to provoke not only mechanistic interpretations , but also philosophical musings and sociological inquiries . The document invites urban planners , civic authorities , and indeed the railways to make anything they wish of it. 'The Train Corridor' intends to serve as an intellectual junction where resource planning , cultural codes, and evolving consumer desires can be explored as essential and overlapping constituents of infrastructure.Drouet is a student of architec- ture at ENSAM, a school of architecture in France . She is currently studying photography and journalism at Cept, Ahmedabad. In the opening of the study, she writes: \"Some people study others by decrypting their reaction in extreme situations . The train is the extreme space - minimal, standardized, and in motion.\"What follows is a discursive and poetic investigation of that minimal space . For example , Drouet finds that compact 'cells' in Le Corbusier's Convent of la Tourette (a monastery in Lyon , France ) are of the same size as the compressed railway cabins of India.In the monastery - which worships seclusion - corridors for movement are located at the end of cells to minimize human contact. In the case of railway cabins , corridors cut through their midsection . Besides, as most Indians would readily concede , information about platforms from which specific trains depart is provided by coolies more effectively than by electronic boards caught in the mist of human flux.These insights will help planners include humans as vital 'moving pieces' of the infrastructure machinery.Human dimension of physical spaceThe great French anthropologist Claude Levi-Strauss has contended that societies cannot forbid what they cannot name and classify. Adjusting that thought slightly, one arrives at the proposition that society cannot change or improve what it does not map and classify. Sarah Drouet's study has shown, for instance, that the vestibule space contained between the toilets of two connected bogies is used for a range of 'non-designated' activities including smoking and sleeping. That area is marked as a site of danger because of the shaky nature of the vestibule. A map of human actions can aid rail authorities in showing flexibility towards design. \"Authorities give a fixed meaning to space, but life in fact invades the space,\" Drouet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12858673", "title": "Past Winners of the Wimbledon", "text": "Year Men Women 2011 Novak Djokovic Petra Kvitova 2010 Rafael Nadal Serena Williams 2009 Roger Federer Serena Williams 2008 Rafael Nadal Venus Williams 2007 Roger Federer Venus Williams 2006 Roger Federer Amelie Mauresmo 2005 Roger Federer Venus Williams 2004 Roger Federer Maria Sharapova 2003 Roger Federer Serena Williams 2002 Lleyton Hewitt Serena Williams 2001 Goran Ivanisevic Venus Williams 2000 Pete Sampras Venus Williams 1999 Pete Sampras Lindsey Davenport 1998 Pete Sampras Martina Hingis 1997 Pete Sampras Martina Hingis 1996 Richard Krajicek Steffi Graf 1995 Pete Sampras Steffi Graf 1994 Pete Sampras Conchita Martinez 1993 Pete Sampras Steffi Graf 1992 Andre Agassi Steffi Graf 1991 Michael Stich Steffi Graf 1990 Stefan Edberg Martina Navratilova 1989 Boris Becker Steffi Graf 1988 Stefan Edberg Steffi Graf 1987 Pat Cash Martina Navratilova 1986 Boris Becker Martina Navratilova 1985 Boris Becker Martina Navratilova 1984 John McEnroe Martina Navratilova 1983 John McEnroe Martina Navratilova 1982 Jimmy Connors Martina Navratilova 1981 John McEnroe Chris Evert Lloyd 1980 Bjorn Borg Evonne Goolagong Cawley 1979 Bjorn Borg Martina Navratilova 1978 Bjorn Borg Martina Navratilova 1977 Bjorn Borg Virginia Wade 1976 Bjorn Borg Chris Evert 1975 Arthur Ashe Billie Jean King 1974 Jimmy Connors Chris Evert 1973 Jan Kodes Billie Jean King 1972 Stan Smith Billie Jean King 1971 John Newcombe Evonne Goolagong 1970 John Newcombe Margaret Smith Court 1969 Rod Laver Ann Haydon Jones 1968 Rod Laver Billie Jean King 1967 John Newcombe Billie Jean King 1966 Manuel Santana Billie Jean King 1965 Roy Emerson Margaret Smith 1964 Roy Emerson Maria Bueno 1963 Chuck McKinley Margaret Smith 1962 Rod Laver Karen Hantze Susman 1961 Rod Laver Angela Mortimer 1960 Neale Fraser Maria Bueno 1959 Alex Olmedo Maria Bueno 1958 Ashley Cooper Althea Gibson 1957 Lew Hoad Althea Gibson 1956 Lew Hoad Shirley Fry 1955 Tony Trabert Louise Brough 1954 Jaroslav Drobny Maureen Connolly 1953 Vic Seixas Maureen Connolly 1952 Frank Sedgman Maureen Connolly 1951 Dick Savitt Doris Hart 1950 Budge Patty Louise Brough 1949 Ted Schroeder Louise Brough 1948 Bob Falkenburg Louise Brough 1947 Jack Kramer Margaret Osborne 1946 Yvon Petra Pauline Betz 1945 no tournament 1944 no tournament 1943 no tournament 1942 no tournament 1941 no tournament 1940 no tournament 1939 Bobby Riggs Alice Marble 1938 Don Budge Helen Wills Moody 1937 Don Budge Dorothy Round 1936 Fred Perry Helen Jacobs 1935 Fred Perry Helen Wills Moody 1934 Fred Perry Dorothy Round 1933 Jack Crawford Helen Wills Moody 1932 Ellsworth Vines Helen Wills Moody 1931 Sidney Wood Cilly Aussem 1930 Bill Tilden Helen Wills Moody 1929 Henri Cochet Helen Wills 1928 Rene Lacoste Helen Wills 1927 Henri Cochet Helen Wills 1926 Jean Borotra Kathleen McKane Godfree 1925 Rene Lacoste Suzanne Lenglen 1924 Jean Borotra Kathleen McKane 1923 William Johnston Suzanne Lenglen 1922 Gerald Patterson Suzanne Lenglen 1921 Bill Tilden Suzanne Lenglen 1920 Bill Tilden Suzanne Lenglen 1919 Gerald Patterson Suzanne Lenglen 1918 no tournament 1917 no tournament 1916 no tournament 1915 no tournament 1914 Norman Brookes Dorothea Lambert Chambers 1913 Anthony Wilding Dorothea Lambert Chambers 1912 Anthony Wilding Ethel Thomson Larcombe 1911 Anthony Wilding Dorothea Lambert Chambers 1910 Anthony Wilding Dorothea Lambert Chambers 1909 Arthur Gore Dora Boothby 1908 Arthur Gore Charlotte Cooper Sterry 1907 Norman Brookes May Sutton 1906 Laurie Doherty Dorothea Douglass 1905 Laurie Doherty May Sutton 1904 Laurie Doherty Dorothea Douglass 1903 Laurie Doherty Dorothea Douglass 1902 Laurie Doherty Muriel Robb 1901 Arthur Gore Charlotte Cooper Sterry 1900 Reggie Doherty Blanche Bingley Hillyard 1899 Reggie Doherty Blanche Bingley Hillyard 1898 Reggie Doherty Charlotte Cooper 1897 Reggie Doherty Blanche Bingley Hillyard 1896 Harold Mahoney Charlotte Cooper 1895 Wilfred Baddeley Charlotte Cooper 1894 Joshua Pim Blanche Bingley Hillyard 1893 Joshua Pim Charlotte Dod 1892 Wilfred Baddeley Charlotte Dod 1891 Wilfred Baddeley Charlotte Dod 1890 William Hamilton Lena Rice 1889 William Renshaw Blanche Bingley Hillyard 1888 Ernest Renshaw Charlotte Dod 1887 Herbert Lawford Charlotte Dod 1886 William Renshaw Blanche Bingley 1885 William Renshaw Maud Watson 1884 William Renshaw Maud Watson 1883 William Renshaw 1882 William Renshaw 1881 William Renshaw 1880 John Hartley 1879 John Hartley 1878 Frank Hadow 1877 Spencer Gore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863225", "title": "Music Review: Ishaqzaade", "text": "IshaqzaadeMusic Amit TrivediLabel YRF MusicTracks 7When given space to experiment and explore, an exceptional musician - in this case Amit Trivedi - often manages to fill it all up with his exclusive palette of colours, his distinguished sense for sounds. From juggling multiple genres with panache to expending painful attention to detail, Trivedi is in complete control of his console here, just as much as he was for Dev D and Udaan, his best works yet.Soaring high on style and scale is the standout track, Aafaton Ke Parinde. Trivedi drills through pompous lines and flourishing synths with the 21st century tool of coolth - dubstep. Traces of Style from A R Rahman's Sivaji figure at places, but Trivedi's piece is unique and innovative with its sound play. Divya Kumar and Suraj Jagan briskly glide through cranked down rock, wobble bass and start-stop beats; all covered in dollops of dubstep.At first, Pareshaan may nag you of the Kailash Kher hit Teri Deewani. But trust Shalmali Kholgade to sparkle this freespirited melody with her engaging vocals and Trivedi with his innovative use of acoustic drums, bass and mildly distorted strings. Harmonium used as a lead instrument is quite the masterstroke.Navigating the Vishal Bhardwaj territory of Beedi Jalaile and Namak Ishq Ka, the razor-tongued Jhalla Wallah is low on melody and high on mischief. Driven by a likeable, seeti-maar arrangement, Kausar Munir's quirky lyrics (Humne samjha tha golden jubilee jisey...Woh toh matinee dikha kar ke chumma le gaya) spur an animated Shreya Ghoshal into a charming funk.Likewise in Chokra Jawaan, Vishal Dadlani and Sunidhi Chauhan blend in the frolicsome, rural orchestra shenanigans with their easy chemistry and easier energy. Featuring an assortment of percussions, this one's for the dancers and dandiya lovers to run riot on. The breezy, piano and synth-propelled title track, powered by Javed Ali's sugar-kissed vocals takes you in by its mirth and its uninhibited pride of giving into love.With Ishaqzaade, Trivedi reasserts his genius and proves that consistent brilliance is a regular trait of true talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12867764", "title": "Mehdi Hassan to come to India for treatment", "text": "Legendary Pakistani Ghazal singer Mehdi Hassan, who has been long suffering from ill health, has got a visa to come to India for medical treatment.The 84-year-old singer was admitted to Aga Khan hospital in Karachi three months ago with a serious lung infection. Doctors said his condition is stable now. Efforts were on for a long time to bring the singer to India for treatment.\"Yesterday we received the visa to visit India and we can stay in New Delhi and Mumbai for 30 days. The time period may be extended after Hassan saab is admitted to a hospital. Two medical attendants, me, my wife and my son will accompany him.\"Dr Ajiz Sonawala, who was attending to my father at the Karachi hospital has also been permitted to come with him. We will have to take Hassan saab by an air ambulance as he is not fit to travel by a normal flight,\" his son Arif told PTI from Karachi.Hassan, who was born in a village called Luna in Rajasthan, has been assured of full assistance by the state government throughout his India stay.Some of his popular Ghazals include \"Patta Patta Boota Boota\" and \"Rafta Rafta Wo Meri Hasti Ka\".Arif hoped the process for his father's treatment would be expedited, adding that Delhi's Fortis hospital had also contacted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859307", "title": "Court says insufficient evidence, but sends Rathore to trial", "text": "JAIPUR: A special CBI court here on Tuesday committed for trial the case against BJP chief whip in the assembly Rajendra Rathore, who is in jail for the alleged fake encounter of a history-sheeter, Dara Singh.Though the court took cognizance of the offences alleged to have been committed by Rathore, it listed out over 22 instances of ambiguity in the prosecution story, underlining the insufficient evidence against him.Rathore is presently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail on charges of stage-managing the fake encounter of Dara Singh. The eighteen page detailed order sending him to trial was passed on Tuesday by additional chief judicial magistrate Mahendra Kumar Singhal, hearing the CBI cases.The matter was strongly contested by both sides on Tuesday. While the CBI informed the court that there was material evidence against the senior BJP leader, which has surfaced in subsequent investigation, the latter argued that no relevant facts came up in the interregnum period between the filing of main chargesheet and the supplementary chargesheet. While the main chargesheet was filed last year, the supplementary chargesheet was filed only a week ago.The magistrate listed out more than 22 reasons to show that the prosecution story, put forward by CBI, was nothing more than a bundle of misleading facts. \"The supplementary chargesheet is merely a bundle of facts and incidents that took place before or after the fateful incident. The CBI has failed to collect evidence regarding Rathore's role in criminal conspiracy and his association with it. Also no explanation was given why the investigation was kept pending,\" the court observed.The trial will now commence with framing of charges by the sessions judge. CBI counsel Sarfaraz Haidar said: \"There is no ambiguity in order. We contested the matter for trial and the court has committed Rathore for trial. This is a victory.\" However, counsel for Rathore A K Jain said: \"The magistrate must have refrained from taking cognizance once he has found that the supplementary chargesheet discloses no new evidence. As such, the order is not appropriate.\"As per the Rathore's advocates, the court observed that the CBI did not get the call detail records (CDR) between Dara Singh's rival liquor smuggler Virendra Nyangali and Rajendra Rathore, in order to establish the link between the two, which allegedly led to Rathore getting Dara killed. The advocates added that CBI has also not produced the CDR of Debu alias Devilal whose mobile was used by Dara Singh to threaten Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860593", "title": "20 hurt as loco engine hits bogie", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Passengers sustained minor injuries in an accident at Thampanoor Central Railway station while changing the loco engine of Kanyakumari-Bangalore Island Express on Monday. The incident that occurred around 12.45 pm also caused panic among the passengers.According to sources, around 20 passengers suffered minor injuries. Among them 55-year-old Omana and her nine-month-old grandson Akash were rushed to the Medical College Hospital and Sree Avittom Thirunal Hospital for Women and Children respectively to provide medical care. The duo left the hospital after a while.Railway authorities said that the accident occurred as the electric loco unit to be attached to the coaches of the express train was driven over the stipulated speed limit and hit the bogie to which the engine be attached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859104", "title": "State explains 'deportation' of French tourists to Centre", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has sent a note to the Centre, explaining the circumstances under which ten French nationals were \"deported\" from the state. This followed a missive from the Union ministry of home affairs on Tuesday, seeking a report on the \"deportation\" on Monday morning.Sources said the police report, sent through the state home secretary, contained details about the movement of the French tourists and their activities in the forest areas of Nawada and Jamui districts in violation of their tourist visa norms.A senior police officer admitted on Tuesday though the Centre had tipped off the state about the movement of the French nationals four days back, it had not directed the state to deport them. Following the Centre's tip-off, police were put on the job to monitor their activities. It was found that their activities were not in consonance with the norms set for the foreign tourists.He said as per the Foreigners Act, each French national was issued a show-cause notice on Saturday. The deportation order was notified on Sunday as eight of them ignored the notices while the two replies were found unsatisfactory. A police team escorted them to the Patna airport where they took a flight to Delhi on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860966", "title": "Complaints pile up against Tatra trucks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Army chief General V K Singh's claim about a bribery offer led to a national uproar, there has been a series of complaints of problems with Tatra trucks from various agencies that use them.TOI is in possession of five secret letters in which the Strategic Forces Command (SFC), ordinance depots, Indian Air Force and Border Roads Organisation have rattled off a litany of defects found in Tatra trucks purchased recently. BEML has been grappling to fix the problems in the trucks, highly placed sources said.In the last week of March, Gen Singh had claimed that he was offered a bribe of Rs14 crore to clear the supply of 600 sub-standard Tatra trucks. The same week, on March 28, the SFC headquarters wrote to BEML about major defects in eight Tatra trucks purchased from BEML's Bangalore unit. SFC is the custodian of all nuclear capable strategic weapons such as Agni missiles.In the letter, the SFC said the trucks had nagging problems relating to cabin lifting pump. Sources said that in some trucks, the cabin lifting was not stable, making the fleet unusable for crucial tasks like radar monitoring. \"If the truck is unstable, then the radar monitoring goes for a toss, because for monitoring, the vehicle has to be stabilized. In these trucks, the cabin lifting is erratic,\" said an Army source.The SFC also complained about the poor quality of parts in the truck. In one truck, the steering wheel came off during the test drive while the entire body of some trucks had dents all over and greasing of the fleet was also not done. The fleet was earmarked for SFC operations and correction of the defects is underway.Similarly, the IAF also wrote to BEML about technical defects in Tatra trucks. On March 26, the IAF station in Bhaisiana, Bhatinda complained about faults with hand brakes and ignition-starter malfunction in three trucks which are under guarantee period. The IAF also wrote about problems like hard steering, wheel wobbling at 50 km/hr speed and engine knocking and problems with the clutch.In another letter, the DG, BRO, that purchased 50 trucks recently pointed to repeated engine failure and engine oil leaks. BEML was informed about the engine failure instances reported in two places -- Manali in Himachal Pradesh and Gauchar in Uttarakhand.The latest complaint, on April 16, was made by the central ordinance depot (COD) Dehu Road, where the commandant stopped payment after finding that an engine had stalled. Along with the letter, BEML was also sent photographs of numerous damaged spare parts received recently and was asked for speedy replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12865004", "title": "Locals, fire department douse Baga fire, two hurt", "text": "Candolim: The explosion of a gas cylinder is likely to have caused a fire at Sauntavaddo in Baga on Tuesday morning which gutted two sheds and a store room.The initial estimate of the loss was pegged at 30,000. The fire broke out at around 9.50am following which residents immediately informed the fire brigade. Four fire tenders, two from Mapusa, and one each from Pilerne and Panaji rushed to the spot. But before the fire tenders reached the spot, residents managed to control the fire and the blaze was finally extinguished by the fire brigade personnel who had difficulty in reaching the spot which is located off the main Baga road. Two persons were injured in the incident.Fire brigade officer S P Shirodkar told TOI that the fire occurred in the property of Gurudas Nagvenkar where two sheds were gutted. The fire also spread to the adjacent property belonging to Filomena Fernandes where a store room containing tender coconuts, beer bottles, chairs, tables, etc was also gutted in the fire.Shirodkar said, \"We are in the process of conducting an inquiry.\" Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo who visited the site, said, \"It does not give any indication of foul play.\"There were conflicting versions of how the fire started. An eyewitness, Bosco D'Souza, said the fire started in the store room behind his house. He said, \"I heard the sound of a gas cylinder exploding at around 9.50am and saw the store room belonging to Filomena Fernandes on fire and I immediately informed the fire brigade. This fire was waiting to happen.\"Filomena Fernandes, whose store room was completely gutted in the fire, said \"The fire started in the two sheds next to my store room and spread into my property.\" Only the top half and plastic-covered roof of her store room was burnt. Two sheds belonging to Gurudas Nagvenkar were totally gutted in the fire. Two persons Gokuldas Nagvenkar and Gaurish Nagvenkar suffered minor injuries when they tried to bring the fire under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860031", "title": "Lok adalats come in for praise", "text": "KANPUR: Despite the considerable contribution of lok adalats, the pending legal cases in Uttar Pradesh are not reducing. The state is at the top in the country as far as pending of cases is concerned. More than 10 lakh cases are pending in the Allahabad High Court while more than 42 lakhs cases are pending in the 21 high courts of the country.According to the law ministry data, UP is again on top in the matter of subordinate or district courts. As many as 5 million cases are pending in UP while Maharashtra is on number two with 4 million cases. Andhra Pradesh is last in the list with 9 lakh cases.According to judicial officials, majority of cases are of petty in nature. Lok adalats are playing a big role in disposing of such cases. The Kanpur legal cell points out that lok adalats are playing significant role.As many as 152 lok adalats were organized in 2011-12.In comparison, as many as 116 lok adalats were conducted in 2010-11 and as many as 35,467 cases were decided in that year. In 2009-10, around 109 lok adalats were organized by Kanpur district court and as much as 47,942 cases of motor accident claim, matrimonial, succession, NI Act and petty criminal offences were decided.Lok adalats are also providing revenue to the government. Though there is no court fee in lok adalats, but the revenue come from petty criminal cases. The judicial officials decide a settled amount of fine for a particular crime. All cases of that nature are disposed of by imposing fine.Lawyer Rajni Agarwal said that lok adalats are also helpful in matrimonial affairs. Such adalats are also helpful in resolving the matter at pre-litigation stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12861200", "title": "Conmen steal Rs 99k", "text": "A man was cheated by two conmen who promised to polish jewellery in his home worth Rs 99,000. The complaint Ambad police said as per the complaint lodged by one was lodged by Mahesh Nair of Sukhsagar Bungalow, Ashwin Nagar. on April 23 at around 11.30am, two unidentified person came at his bungalow saying that they would polish articles of gold, silver and brass. After winning the trust of Nair, the culprits also took the complainant's gold jewellery for polishing. Showing that they have put the jewellery in a water pan mixed with turmeric powder, they asked the complainant to let the water boil for 10 minutes. However, the strangers smartly removed the jewellery from the pan and left the scene without informing the complainant.The same miscreants cheated a 65-year-old resident of Shivaji Nagar, Jail Road on the same day. TNNSharda Sudhakar Navle (65), resident of Vyankatesh Colony, near Datta Man dir said that two unidentified people came to her house and promised to polish her gold jewellery. They pretended to put the jewellery in a water pan mixed with turmeric powder and asked Navle to let the water boil for 10 minutes. They smartly removed the jewellery worth Rs 30,000 and fled the scene. Upnagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867384", "title": "6 matric examinees killed in Nayagarh mishap", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seven persons, including six matriculation examinees, were killed when a van carrying the students collided head-on with a truck in Nayagarh district on Tuesday. The death toll may rise as at least three of the injured were said to be critical. The four injured students were admitted to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack.Police said 10 students, including girls of Chintamani Vidyapeeth at Sanpada village under Nuagaon police station, were on their way back home after writing their papers at an examination centre in Nuagaon when the mishap occurred. The van carrying them collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction at Raikamal turning near Sanpada, about 17 km from Nayagarh town. \"Six students, including three girls, and the driver of the van, were killed while five others sustained injuries in the accident,\" Nayagarh SP Seshadev Mallick told TOI.Police said both the vehicles were travelling at high speed and apparently the driver of the van failed to negotiate the turn, resulting in the collision. \"It was a blind turn and both the vehicles were apparently travelling at high speed,\" said Nuagaon inspector in-charge Sibaram Hota.The deceased students were identified as Pinky Tripathy, Jyotsnarani Maharana, Nidrabati Bhyuan, Rabindra Pradhan, Babu Baral -- all of whom died on the spot -- and Pratap Mohanty, who succumbed to his injuries while being shifted from Nayagarh district headquarters hospital to Cuttack.Jyotsnarani was a resident of Satyanarayanpur village while the others were residents of Kanigiri. The deceased driver Alok (32), alias Bulu Panda, was a resident of Krushnachandrapur village. Among the injured, condition of Chhabi Pradhan, Bibhuti Samal and Pradeep Nayak was said to be critical. Nuagaon police arrested the driver of the truck Artratrana Bhatta and helper Chakdradhar Sahu.It was the third mishap involving Class X students in the past few days. A matric examinee was killed in Bargarh town on Monday when a private engineering college bus hit her while she was returning home after the examination. The mishap occurred at Goshala Chowk when the girl was returning on bicycle from George High School to her residence near private bus stand. Besides, two Class X students were killed while 23 of their classmates were injured when a mini truck in which they were travelling turned turtle in Angul district on April 16. The students were on their way to an examination centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864455", "title": "Amdavadi teens adept at managing their pocket money: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They seem to be learning it young. For when it comes to using their pocket money, young Amdavadis are good with rationing and smart in spending.According to a study by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), about 55 per cent of teenagers in Ahmedabad prepare a pocket money budget outlining their income and expenses per month.The survey covered more than 3,000 children from Ahmedabad , Delhi, Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Kolkata and Chennai. The study was conducted to ascertain the money management skills among teens across the country. In Ahmedabad , more than 500 school and college students in the age group of 13-21 years were surveyed between January and March this year.\"Enterprising skills and financial discipline are evident among young Amdavadis as they are conservative in disposing of their pocket money. Among those surveyed, 150 save up to nearly half of their pocket money to buy gadgets, branded apparel, shoes and accessories,\" said Bhagyesh Soneji, chairperson, Assocham Gujarat Council. She added that with rapidly changing times, there is a grave need to groom children to become financially responsible thereby inculcating money-smart values and the saving tendency in kids at an early age.The study found that with the rising cost of living, monthly pocket expenses given to school/college-going children in metropolitan cities has seen an eight to 10-fold rise in the last six years.\"Teenagers today are more aware and they should be given the opportunity to handle money. Money disciple is very important with optimization as an important key word,\" said Manjula Pooja Shroff, chairperson, Calorx Foundation. The study also found that most of these respondents were taught by their parents about the ethics of money, sources of money, value of money, basics of budgeting, different ways of saving and planning ahead of the future.\"Pocket money for teens in the upper middle class families has skyrocketed in recent years. But along with rising pocket money parents should also guide children on handling money and keeping an account on how and where the money is spent,\" said sociologist Gaurang Jani.During the survey, many teenagers said that they even do odd house-hold chores to earn a few extra bucks as pocket money. Besides, many said that they get a raise in their allowance every six months.Money matters65% of Amdavadi teens get a monthly pocket money 30% of them receive anywhere between 2,500 to 5,000 per month 30% get a weekly allowance 5% do not get a fixed amount and borrow money from parents whenever required 45% with working parents get monthly pocket money between 2,000 and 5,000 40% receive monthly pocket money between 5,000 and 10 ,000 15% get over 10,000 for monthly expenses Among the six cities surveyed, Delhi teens topped with 35% of them receiving around 10,000 to 12,000 monthly pocket money Majority of them said they spend over half of their pocket money on eating out and watching movies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863865", "title": "Pawan Kalyan shooting in severe pain", "text": "Call it the Malaika Arora effect! Actor Pawan Kalyan seems to have aggravated a back in injury shooting for the item number Kevvu Keka which was picturized on Pawan and Malaika. But the actor has decided to carry on with the shooting to ensure that the movie releases as per schedule on May 9th. \"Pawan is often seen grimacing holding his back on sets of the shoot. The actor hurt himself on the sets of Jalsa and which is why he has gone easy on dancing and stunt sequences in his last few releases. But he has pulled out all the stops and gone all out for this movie. It is going to be a treat for his fans,\" says a source close to the director. Pawan and Shruti are set to fly to Europe to finish shooting for the last song Dil Se. Talk about dedication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12867902", "title": "Spurt in allergies? Don't stop medication midway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Have you been itching, sneezing or coughing a lot these days? Blame it on harvesting and pollination around. Doctors have been seeing a lot of allergies including respiratory, skin and eye allergies. With 70-75 cases of respiratory allergies including rhinitis, sinusitis, bronchitis and asthma being examined daily in most of the public and private city hospitals, the major allergen identified is the pollen. Also, in case of skin allergies, heat further intensifies the allergy.The government medical college and hospital, Sector 32, is daily seeing 55-60 cases of both upper respiratory (sinusitis and rhinitis, both nasal allergies) and lower respiratory allergies (asthma/ bronchitis). However a slight relief from allergy makes people discontinue the medicine which further aggravates the condition. \"Those who are sensitive to allergens including dust, pollen or whatever that triggers these allergies must not stop having medication for a requisite time period,\" said Dr Deepak Aggarwal from the department of pulmonary medicine at thehospital.Besides respiratory problems, skin allergies including eczema which results in itching and inflammation of the skin are being reported. Around 30-40 cases of eczema are being reported daily at the government multi-speciality hospital (GMH), Sector 16. Dr S D Mehta, dermatologist, GMSH said, \"Eczema is a common problem these days. Also hair care for dandruff is a must at this time.\" He added, \"Hair wash can take care of dandruff. The skin too should be kept moist with cream.\"Children are susceptible to allergies more than the adults. \"This is the time when all types of allergies are seen and are on the rise. This will continue till May. One must avoid allergens and have the medicines prescribed to them. Also there is lot of inhibition amongst parents about usage of inhalers. They feel that children will get addicted to it. This is a myth and must be discarded,\" said DrSadbhavna Pandit from the department of paediatrics, GMH.Dermatologists advise usage of sunscreens of more than 15 SPF to prevent skin diseases. Doctors feel that burning of leaves further adds to the irritants which can aggravate the problem of asthma and bronchitis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12859609", "title": "Mayor is just a ribbon-cutting figure", "text": "BANGALORE: Who can be the Mayor of Bangalore? Any backward class (Category 2A) corporator who is in the good books of either the chief minister or the city in-charge minister can consider himself or herself eligible for the post. This just about sums up the race for the post of the First Citizen, polls for which are to be held on Thursday.Bangalore's mayor has only a one-year term and has no executive powers to take any decision that can bring about changes in the city. So whoever dons the post can at the best be a rubber stamp of the ruling party's MLAs and ministers from the city.In the absence of direct elections, the mayor's choice is primarily the subject of the politics of the majority party.The Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act does not envisage any administrative role for the mayor. But it anoints him or her as the First Citizen of the city and terms him/her as the custodian of the council proceedings.The mayor is the constitutional head of the BBMP but the executive powers are vested in the commissioner. The office comes with a lot of ceremonial responsibilities like receiving foreign dignitaries and delegates.The mayor, however, has the authority to call for a session where the 198 corporators can pose starred questions to the civic body's bureaucracy. These sessions do have the potential to bring under the limelight major issues concerning the city. More importantly, the mayor's acumen comes into full play during emergencies like rain havoc and other calamities.Ideally, the mayor should propose and the council should debate. But going by the affairs of the city, it's the minister-in-charge of the city or the CM who dictates terms.Mayor's FundThe only power that the mayor has is in the utilization of the Rs150-crore fund that comes with the office. This money can be used for the welfare of the city.But an example of the current status of the Mayor's Fund will be helpful in putting in place the complete picture. The outgoing mayor still has Rs 30 crore left in her fund and she has three more days to use it for the benefit of the city. But the BBMP commissioner is yet to give his stamp of approval to the projects the mayor has proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863907", "title": "Mallika Sherawat out of Sachin Joshi\u2019s project", "text": "Mallika Sherawat has been shown the door by Sachin Joshi who's all set to star in his post-debut film directed by Ankush Bhatt.Azaan 's leading man Sachin Joshi has discovered that Mallika Sherawat who agreed to play the lead opposite him in the edgy Mumbai underworld thriller Mumbai Mirror, doesn't come cheap or easy.Having paid the selfstyled international star a whopping signing fee (approximately Rs 50 lakhs) to be part of the film Joshi found out that Mallika had a number of reservations about the film, and that included the director. In a panic, Joshi and his crew have spent a large part of the last month trying to convince the Diva that the project is worthy of her august presence.To no avail. The deal has fallen through. And now we hear Mallika has walked out of the project. Since the shooting in far-off exotic places was to begin in May Joshi and his crew are stuck for a leading lady. He is now looking at a last-minute replacement and asking for his money back from Sherawat.A source close to the project told us all the details. \"She is not willing to return the money and Sachin is being advised to adjust the amount with a later project. Sachin Joshi is a producer who can afford to buy himself the co-star he wants. He wanted Mallika in this earthy edgy take on Mumbai's underworld. He had agreed to pay her a reported Rs 2 crores for 15 days's work. After getting get her to sign on the dotted line the clothes dates, etc were worked out.\"That's where the fastidious Ms Sherawat stuck.Says the source, \"Mallika had reservations about the director Ankush Bhatt. She felt he hadn't proved himself yet. Joshi felt otherwise. He offered to show Mallika the director's first film Bhendi Bazar Inc. But she was unconvinced. Then she had reservations about her role. So far Mallika has only played urban glamorous characters. In Mumbai Mirror she was cast as an earthy gritty woman of the street. It's a character and a world that she wasn't familiar with. Mallika wondered aloud if she would be able to pull it off.\"Sachin Joshi tried to play down the stress level. \"Yes, Mallika does have reservations regarding her role and the director. She wasn't sure if Ankush would be able to deliver. I showed her Ankush's first film Bhendi Bazaar Inc. You see, Mumbai Mirror goes into an action space completely different from the stylized action that I did in Azaan . It's like Ram Gopal Varma's Satya meets Anees Bazmi's Ready . And I knew Ankush was right to direct it.\"Sachin laughs, \" The whole film is set in Mumbai. It's called Mumbai Mirror because it reflects the harsh reality of the city under the polished surface. We were hunting for a title when my eyes fell on the popular tabloid in my hands. Mumbai Mirror was perfect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12858971", "title": "'Tourists had no Maoist link'", "text": "PATNA: The national president of Ekta Parishad, P V Rajgopal, said here on Tuesday that the 10 French tourists visiting Bihar on tourist visa were wrongly 'deported' for the alleged violation of visa conditions. He claimed that the French tourists had no Maoist link and they were not in contact with extremists.In a statement, Rajgopal said the French tourists were members of a French NGO, Peuples Solidaires, which espoused the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi , Vinoba Bhave and Jaya Prakash Narayan and was spreading their message across the world. He said the French tourists were also supporting the Jan Satyagrah Yatra 2012 of Ekta Parishad, which was launched nationwide for land reforms.Rajgopal termed the Union home secretary R K Singh's statement that \"French tourists had violated visa rules\" as childish. He said the French nationals, including six women, were on tourist visa and so they could visit any district of Bihar. They had come to see the socio-economic condition in Bihar and the much-talked about development perspective of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865736", "title": "Anandi praises her rival Pratigya!", "text": "She is television's most loved and popular bahu. Pratyusha Banerjee a.k.a Anandi from Colors hit TV Show Balika Vadhu has come a long way. Playing an established character on TV has been far from easy for this small town girl who marked her debut as a TV actress with Balika Vadhu. In a tete-a-tete with Pratyusha Banerjee, we get an insight into the petite actresses' life, character and interests.Tell us about your journey on the show so far?It's been lovely. I have enjoyed a lot and it's been exciting. Any actor would like a performance based role and I don't think any character can be as versatile as Anandi. The young Anandi is chirpy but as she grow older she goes through a painful relationship with her husband, then she becomes a teacher, a sarpanch and now faces a divorce. It's been very challenging and I love the show.How convincing is it to play Anandi given her background and altruistic spirit?Anandi is quite similar to me. If something is bothering me, I don't try to change things. That doesn't mean I run away from them but I prefer to move away. If someone is unhappy because of me and doesn't want me around, I move away.Can Anandi think of re-marrigae and a life outside Jaitsar?I don't know. There is a world beyond Jaitsar that Anandi can think of but not re-marriage. She is very content and concerned about the progress of Jaitsar. If I was in Anandi's place, I would have been emotionally drained. I would prefer to be single.From this point on, where will Anandi's life head? Has she forgiven Jagya?Anandi has moved on in her life because she is the petitioner in the divorce case and Jagya has always wanted a divorce. And I think Gauri is more than happy. Anandi wants to make it big and focus on her career.What can viewers expect from future episodes? A big jhatka?Yes! Divorce is already a big jhatka for everyone. Keep watching Balika Vadhu for more Jhatkas. (Giggles)What sort of person is Pratuysha in real life?I'm not very close to people but neither am I an aloof person. I was close to Neha Marda and I'm still close to Smita Bansal. They are part of my strength and support system. I'm good to all and everyone is good to me. I'm not too close to Shashank either. I'm more of a reserved and private person but I respect all seniors on the set. I'm also an emotional and family oriented girl. I like to be in my own world and still maintain my small town life in spite of living in Mumbai.Any thoughts on Marriage?Hmmm. Definitely. I'm a girl and I think of it very much. I want to settle down but there's still time, maybe 2-3 years.Do you see a life beyond Balika Vadhu? If you were offered a challenging role at this point, would you consider that over Balika Vadhu?Commitment comes first for me, whether professionally or in my relationships. Balika Vadhu has made me. I pray to god that Balika Vadhu goes on for long. We all are working very hard. The show has been on for four years and I want it to go on for another four years. (Chuckles happily). After Balika Vadhu, I will consider other roles because we are all here to survive and to grow. But commitment is very important to me.How do rumours affect you since it's common to get linked to co-actors and stars from the industry?I have not been connected to anybody and I have maintained my dignity. We are all here to work. No one on the sets is bothered and no one gets affected. We are doing well in life. If people are so free, then I'm happy that they are spreading rumours. That means they are taking notice!Who do you consider as competition from your contemporaries? Is there any show that you feel will threaten or is threatening Balika Vadhu's trp?I like girls on other shows and I compliment them but I am not threatened by anyone. Anandi's role is very different and challenging. I'm very happy and for me, there is no better role than hers. But I do admire Pooja Gor a.k.a Pratigya from Star Plus.TV actors work round the clock and hardly get a break. So on a day off, what do you enjoy doing the most?In my free time, I love listening to music and I can do that for hours! I also love spending time with few close friends and family.Any plans to enter Bollywood?No plans on Bollywood as yet. I love what I'm doing currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12860931", "title": "Man pulls two aircraft by their noses in Mehsana", "text": "PALANPUR: People were bedazzled by the feat of a 37-year-old lanky man, who simultaneously pulled two aircraft standing face to face to each other for a distance of 100 metres to have their noses meet at the Civil Aviation Training Centre in Mehsana on Tuesday.Dragon Lee pulled the aircraft with the weight of their two pilots for nearly 20 minutes. \"Each aircraft weighs 1,300 kg,\" sources said.Lee, a native of Bengaluru, who at present lives in Hong Kong , said, \"In 2003, I had pulled an aircraft in Ahmedabad.\"He said he hoped his feat would be acknowledged by Guinness World Records. Thousands of people, particularly children from the surrounding areas of the district, had come to witnessed the event.However, only a few lucky ones could see the amazing feat of Lee as because of tight security at the airport, many had to leave disappointed. Asha Patel, who came along with her two kids from Unjha, said, \"Children would have enjoyed it and also been inspired by Lee's feat. However, they were not allowed to witness it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867304", "title": "Construction of raths begins in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The construction of the three wooden chariots for Lord Jagannath's Rath Yatra in Puri began on the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday.The annual festival will be celebrated on June 21. The construction, which began after a ceremonial ritual by priests, is likely to be completed three days before the nine-day festivity.\"While most of the timber required for construction of the chariots has reached, the rest will be here very soon,\" said Jagannath Temple's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda.Every year, a whopping 13,000 cubic feet of wood, costing nearly Rs 52 lakh, is required to build the three chariots. Not less than 1, 000 trees of different species are felled every year for the purpose.Lord Balabhadra's Taladhwaja chariot will be 45 ft high, Lord Jagannath's Nandighos will be 45.6 ft and Goddess Subhadra's Devidalan will be 44.6 ft in height, said sources. Nearly 75 carpenters will be engaged in the first phase, they informed. In addition, 70 assistants (bhois), 10 blacksmiths, 22 painters and some traditional tailors will be engaged in the final phase of construction.The budget for this year's grand festival has been pegged at around Rs 2 crore, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12863353", "title": "IFFS Online Scholarship", "text": "KOLKATA: India First Foundation School [IFFS] Karjat, affiliated to the ICSE Board, launched a 'Scholarship Test' online on April 10, 2012 at www.iffschool.in, which will provide students an opportunity to avail a 100 per cent scholarship. The school offers education for students from Class I to X.The test will evaluate students on their abilities in subjects like Maths, English and Science. The top 100 scorers of the test will then be invited for a final evaluation at the school. Post the final evaluation, the deserving candidates will be offered a scholarship up to 100 per cent. The school, also supporting 'Empowerment of the Girl Child', offers a 25 per cent fee waiver.Dr Vijayam Ravi, trustee and director education, IFFS and chairman &amp; managing director of Academy for Global Education Services Pvt Ltd emphasized, \"We at IFFS believe that every child has the right to education and there are many who are deprived of it. IFFS will help deserving children to get education by applying for the scholarship test. This will enable deserving students to be a part of the IFFS dream.\" The school is in its initial stage of growing into a multifaceted institution that can produce leaders for the world.The school follows a unique STAR curriculum that has been developed under the guidance of educationalists from The Academy for Global Education Services Pvt Ltd (AGES), thus adopting the best education practices worldwide. Spread over 20 acres, the school imparts several innovative activities. A host of sports activities such as, football , lawn tennis, and cricket are nurtured.One of the most unique and exciting aspects of the IFFS is the Global Village. Here, periodically, artisans from different states visit for a period of about a week to help children get acquainted with folk art forms and develop a spirit of pride for the vast and rich cultural heritage of our nation.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12859886", "title": "Apple net up 94% on record iPhone sales", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc profit almost doubled last quarter, reflecting robust demand for the iPhone in China and purchases of a new version of the iPad, allaying the growth concerns that sliced shares 12 per cent in two weeks.Net income in the fiscal second quarter climbed 94 per cent to $11.6 billion, or $12.30 a share, as sales rose 59 per cent to $39.2 billion, Cupertino , California-based Apple said today in a statement. Analysts had predicted profit of $10.02 a share on revenue of $36.9 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is relying more on regions outside the US for sales growth. Apple sold 35.1 million iPhones in the period after releasing the latest model in China and 21 other countries in January. That helped make up for sales declines from the previous quarter at the top US mobile-phone carriers, Verizon Wireless and AT&T; Inc. It also quelled speculation that Apple's growth pace may slacken.\"This report should erase any doubt in investors' minds that this company can't continue to deliver,\" said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer of Harris Private Bank in Chicago , which oversees about $60 billion, including Apple shares. \"It's astounding.\"Apple rose as much as 7.8 per cent to $604.22 in extended trading, after having dipped 2 percent to $560.28 at the close in New York .iPad salesThe company sold 11.8 million units of the iPad, which was updated last month to include a high-definition screen and faster processor. Apple has sold 67 million iPads since their debuted in 2010. It took the company 24 years to reach that milestone with the Mac computer, Cook told analysts.Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg on average predicted Apple would sell 11.9 million iPads and 31.2 million iPhones.The company's shares had tumbled $75.95 since a record close of $636.23 on April 9 amid reports that indicated a possible shortage in key components for its mobile devices and showed a decline in iPhone sales at wireless carriers. Some traders also took cues from so-called technical indicators that use historical trends to predict stock movements.The results released today add to evidence of a rebound in some pockets of the economy, lifting results for other technology bellwethers. Microsoft Corp., the top software maker, last week reported better-than-expected corporate purchases of computers, while Texas Instruments Inc, the biggest maker of analog chips, yesterday indicated robust demand for a range of electronics. International Business Machines Corp, the world's biggest computer-services provider, also reported higher profit.Rising China incomesFor Apple, China has made up a growing slice of results since the introduction of the iPhone there in 2009. The most populous country accounted for $7.9 billion of revenue, 20 per cent of the total, Cook said on the call with analysts. That's three times the level for a year earlier, Cook said.\"China has been a very fast-growing region for them,\" said Abhey Lamba, an analyst at Mizuho Securities USA Inc in New York. \"There's more disposable income, strong demand for high-end products and their penetration has been very low in that market. They have been highlighting that region as one of their focus areas.\"Cook visited China last month, meeting with government officials and touring plants where the company's products are built. The visit came just as a labor group said workers at those facilities, which are operated by Foxconn Technology Group , were violating local laws for excessive work hours. Cook has vowed to improve conditions at the facilities.Growing cash pile\"There is tremendous opportunity for companies that understand China,\" Cook said on the call. \"We're doing everything we can to understand it and serve the market as good as we can.\"The company is in talks to sell the iPhone through China Mobile Ltd , the country's largest carrier. The opportunity to market the iPhone to China Mobile's more than 600 million subscribers would give Apple added scope for growth in Asia.Apple sold 4 million Mac computers and 7.7 million iPods, compared with 4.5 million Macs and 7 million iPods projected by analysts. Apple added to its cash hoard during the quarter. The company said it now has $110.2 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet. Part of that sum will be returned to investors starting later this year, when Apple plans to start paying a dividend and buying back shares.New iPhone?Looking ahead to results for the current quarter, Apple forecast revenue of about $34 billion and profit of $8.68 a share. That compares with average analysts' predictions for sales of $37.5 billion and profit of $9.96 a share.The results will be lower because Apple doesn't expect to sell as many iPhones in the quarter now under way, said Peter Oppenheimer, Apple's chief financial officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860374", "title": "Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College convocation: Girl students steal the show", "text": "KANPUR: The third convocation ceremony of Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College was held on Tuesday. Lini Srivastava, a student of para-B2 (medical batch) hogged the limelight. Apart from Ratan Devi Dixit gold medal and gold medal for distinction in paediatrics, she also won the prestigious Ganesian award given to best student of the year. The girl students excelled in various other PG, MD and diploma courses by grabbing maximum gold medals.The convocation ceremony was held on the foundation day of the medical college. The toppers were awarded medals and certificates of honour by the special guests in the presence of vice-chancellor of Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University and principal of GSVM Medical College.The ceremony was inaugurated by special guest Dr Ashok Seth, an eminent cardiologist from New Delhi. CSMU vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar initiated the proceedings. GSVM principal Anand Swaroop thanked the chief guest and others.The other meritorious students of graduate courses were Anushree Agarwal (student of Para-C2) and Richa Singh (student of Para-D2). Komal Sah (student of Para-D2) won the Louis Pasteur gold medal for highest marks in microbiology. She also got the silver medal for her performance. Akansha Srivastava won the gold medal for distinction in physiology.The classmates and seniors greeted the meritorious students. The thrill and excitement of victory was visible in eyes of the students and their parents.Dr Gaurav Arya was awarded SN Mehrotra Gold Medal. Dr Goldy and Ojaswi Pathak were awarded AR Agarwal Gold Medal. Dr Manju Gupta received the award for MS Orthopedics. All these students were awarded gold medals in MD and MS courses.Students grabbing best performances in superspeciality groups were Dr Akhilesh Kumar Jain (DM cardiology) and Dr Ajay Chaurasiya (in CTVS).Students getting silver medals were Neha Singh from Para-B2, who got distinction in surgery. Sumaiya Hasan, a student of Para-C2, stood first in COH in SPM. Ankita Bias was awarded silver medal for her distinction in anatomy.Sakshi Jain, Aparna Pandey, Kriti Singh, Aishvarya Adhaulia and Akansha Srivastava got bronze medals.The meritorious students were not missing any chance to share their happiness with their friends. Many of the students started clicking pictures of the happiest moments with family members and friends. The guardians and parents too remained busy, sharing their joy with each other. A majority of PG students remained absent in the convocation ceremony due to internship and practicals.Apart form gold, silver and bronze medals, certificates of honours (COH) were also given to the students. Bhawna Agarwal (Para B2 COH medicine), Pranshi Agarwal (Para C2 COH in ophthalmology), Swadhada Seep (Para C2 COH in SPM) were awarded certificates. The other students who grabbed certificates of honour were Arjun Bhatnagar (Para D2 distinction and COH in pharmacology), Swapnil (Para D2 COH in pathology), Juhi Pal (Para E2 COH in biochemistry).As many as 219 students of MBBS, MD and MS were awarded on the occasion. As many as 128 students received MD/MS and PG (diploma). A total of six students were given DM/MCH degrees. Also, 11 students were given gold medals and 41 certificate of honour. Ten were awarded distinction certificates.Best performers in MD and MS were Dr Ashutosh Anshu, Dr Vikas Jain, Dr SP Tiwari and Dr Abhishek Kumar Shukla.Dr Shailesh Kumar, Dr Pallavi Verma, Dr DP Sahu, Dr Prabhu Ram J, Dr Sandeep Singh, Dr Vijay Km Bharghav and Dr Anand Kartikeyan were given the best performer certificates in their subjects.Special dean awards were given to Dr Shashikant in pathology, Dr Prachi Goyel in anaesthesia, Dr Astha Gupta in obstetrics and gynaecology and Dr Bharat Bhushan in orthopaedics. Dr Akhtar Hussein was given dean award in DTDC and Dr Rangnath in paediatrics.All the students of bachelor of surgery, master of surgery, master of medicine and post graduate students repeated the oath delivered by Dr Navneet Kumar. They pledged to serve the mankind with best of their dedication, dignity and integrity.The chief guest gave his best wishes to the new doctors. He laid emphasis on spiritualism and faith in god and urged the students to be humane.\"The whole world of medicine and treatment is very uncertain. A doctor is like a god to the patients. One must try to be a good doctor rather than great, expert or rich one,\" Dr Seth added. Dr Seth also shared his success mantra with the students. He said that it needs focus, integrity, hard work and compassion to be a good doctor. Apart from this, blessings of parents and well-wishers also played an important role in one's success. He also advised the students not to analyse books but life. Dr Sethi also focused on medical research and told students to update their knowledge.CSMU V-C Ashok Kumar urged the young doctors to devote a few years of their lives in serving rural population of the country. He also advised the doctors to meet the patients with a smiling face. \"Government schemes like NRHM and various others are giving opportunities to young medical experts to serve the nation. The doctors must focus to control lifestyle diseases which are very high in India,\" he added. Speaking on the occasion, director general, medical education and training (UP), Saudan Singh congratulated the young doctors on successfully completing their studies and being in the list of meritorious students. He added that every failure should be taken as a lesson. Doctors always work with open mind eyes. He also asked students not to become a victim of cheating.The convocation ceremony ended with vote of thanks by Dr Suresh Singh. The faculty members and doctors of SVM and LLR Hospital were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12867664", "title": "Maoists eye Assam varsity for recruitment", "text": "SILCHAR: Maoists are eyeing Assam University, Silchar and the tea gardens in the Barak Valley to use as platforms for cadre recruitment, training them and spreading red terror in the region, alleged Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC) spokesman Pradeep Dutta Roy.He, however, appreciated the government's promptness in curbing the menace at the nascent stage, on the basis of reports of unlawful activities pouring in from different quarters. Roy, a Congress functionary and founder-president of All Cachar Karimganj Hailakandi Students' Association (ACKHSA), said the tea gardens were soft targets as joblessness is plaguing the locals. The region's poor economic condition was making it easier for the Maoists to gain ground here, he said.\"DGP Jayanta Narayan Chawdhary, during his visit to Silchar on Sunday, informed that the Maoists had already held a couple of meetings in the tea gardens here. This reinforces our fear of Maoist activities in this part of the state. Earlier, we had expressed our concern through a memorandum to Assam governor J B Patnaik during his recent visit to the valley. We are happy that the government has started working on it,\" said the Congress leader. Roy said every year at least 600 to 700 students enroll themselves in the Assam university. Students from Maoist-hit Odhisa, Bihar , Jharkhand , Midnapur, too, come here. The government should take steps to ensure that these educated unemployed youths don not fall prey to Maoists, added Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12861209", "title": "Cops thrashed brother at post, alleges man", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The callousness of UP police came to the fore after two police personnel, along with five miscreants, thrashed a transporter at Dadri police outpost. The miscreants also robbed the victim of Rs 50,000 and fled. The victim suffered severe ear injuries and is recuperating at a hospital.The victim, Yogesh Kumar, was heading towards Dadri from Dewla in his truck carrying parts of air conditions worth Rs 90 lakh. Around 12.50am when he reached the Dadri railway track, five unidentified men in a car overtook his truck at a stone's throw away from Dadri police chowki. They held Kumar at gunpoint and started beating him up. After struggling for some time, Kumar managed to run away and entered the outpost. The accused followed him.However, Kumar woes did not end there. \"In front of police personnel, the miscreants pretended to be owners of the truck. The cops believed them and instead of registering a case, cops began to beat up my brother along with the five men. They also robbed my brother of cash worth Rs 50,000 and escaped in the car with the miscreants\", alleged Jasbir, the victim's brother. Only after mounting pressure from locals, did the police register a case. However, SP (rural), Ashok Kumar said that it was a case of road rage. \"Further investigation is on to nab the culprits,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861127", "title": "Parts of Yerawada to face power cuts", "text": "PUNE: Massive electricity bill arrears and manhandling of staff when out to recover bills or disconnect power supply of defaulters, has compelled the Maharashtra State Eelectricity Distribution Company Ltd ( MSEDCL) to enforce load shedding in Yashwantnagar, Kanjarbhatvasti, Janatanagar, Shelar chawl, Pandu Laman vasti and Naiknagar areas in Yerawada.These areas, falling in Ahmednagar road sub division, are served by nine transformers where over 60% consumers have not paid electricity bills or cleared arrears. Some pockets in Pimpri and Bhosari divisions of the distribution company will be next in line to face power cuts as they too have massive arrears, sources in the distribution company said.The Ahmednagar road division of the distribution company accounted for bill arrears to the tune of Rs 12.91 crore. The office has to recover Rs 10.87 crore out of which Rs 6.25 crore are the accumulated bill arrears of 2,616 consumers served by the nine transformers. Of the nine transformers, three accounts for arrears to the tune of Rs 1 crore to Rs 1.58 crore, sources said.Company sources said that about 991 consumers who owed Rs 5.01 crore to the distribution company, have not paid their bills for more than three years, about 349 consumers have not paid Rs 79 lakh worth of bill arrears since the last one to three years, while 1,276 consumers have not paid Rs 44.90 lakh worth of arrears since past one year.Sources said that by end of March 2012, arrears which were Rs 6.19 crore have increased by Rs 6 lakh, taking it up to Rs 6.25 crore in April 2012.\"There is no shortage of electricity and Pune city has zero load shedding status. However, there are areas where consumers are not paying their bills regularly and efforts to recover the bills have failed. The company has no other option but to start load shedding in such areas. To ensure that paying consumers do not suffer, the areas where bill recovery is very poor, have been segregated to enable selective enforcement of load shedding,\" sources explained.There have been several attempts to recover the bills in the areas served by the nine transformers. \"There have been instances where the company staff was gheraoed, manhandled and locked inside premises where power supply was being disconnected. A deputy executive engineer was recently beaten up and a complaint was filed with the police in this regard,\" sources said.The distribution company spends Rs 5.19 per unit to supply electricity to the consumer, so when the company can not recover even Re 1 per unit the financial condition of the company gets affected, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12861086", "title": "Left demands all-party meet on price rise", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government came under attack in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday on the issue of price rise with the Left parties demanding that an all-party meeting and a meeting of CMs be convened soon to take concrete steps to check price rise.Raising the issue during zero hour, CPM leader Basudeb Acharia accused the government of \"total failure\" in reining prices despite several assurances from the PM and the finance minister.Demanding an all-party meeting and a meeting of CMs to discuss the \"burning\" issue, Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) said the government and its policies of liberalization and economic reforms had \"completely failed\". Taking a dig at the slogan-shouting by Congress members from Telangana, he said, \"The government can't control even their own party members. Its inability is exposed not only in the unbridled price rise, but in other areas too.\"Dasgupta said the government had become \"incompetent, insensitive and ineffective\" and accused it of not implementing the unanimous resolution passed by Parliament on the issue.Jaswant wants discussion on defence preparednesWith the country's defence preparedness coming under focus, BJP leader Jaswant Singh sought a comprehensive discussion in the LS. Singh, a former defence minister, raised the issue during zero hour and asked the government to come forward to allay the apprehensions being raised about national defence preparedness.Members express concern at Menon's abductionParliament voiced concern over the abduction of district collector Alex Paul Menon by Maoists in Chhattisgarh with CPI, AIADMK, DMK and Congress members seeking \"meaningful steps\" for his release. Raising the issue during zero hour in Rajya Sabha, D Raja (CPI) said the incident has haunted the conscience of the nation.In the Lok Sabha, the issue was raised by AIADMK leader M Thambidurai, who said the Centre should come out with a strategy to tackle the Maoist problem. He said the Tamil Nadu chief minister has written a letter to Prime MinisterManmohan Singh on the collector's abduction. T R Baalu (DMK) wanted the state and central governments to take steps to bring Menon back. S S Ramsubbu (Congress) supported the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860716", "title": "HC seeks UP, Centre stand on English medium in govt schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday sought Centre's and state government's stand on the demand to provide English medium education in the government primary schools in the state. A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit posted the matter on May 7 for next hearing. The court heard the matter at length and asked the additional solicitor general Ashok Nigam and chief standing counsel IP Singh to obtain necessary instructions in this connection.The court also directed the principal secretary primary education (UP), regional director of National Council of Educational Research and Training, Jaipur, director of State Council of Educational Research and Training and director primary education (UP) to inform it about the current scenario.A social worker Anand Prakash Shahi moved a public interest litigation petition in the high court on Tuesday, demanding compulsory English medium education in the government primary schools. Shahi said that these schools should teach nursery rhymes, strengthen vocabulary and spoken English to the students on the pattern, which is followed in convent schools.Now, the position is that if a person completes his primary education from a government school, he could never become well-versed in English language and may feel inferior and down, when he goes to other states or nations in search of job, said the petitioner. \"Every child has a right to live with his head held high and it can happen in the present scenario, when he is imparted education in English medium, since his childhood,\" argued the petitioner.Interestingly, Shahi filed the petition drafted in Hindi. He reasoned the court that if he had been imparted English medium education in his childhood, he would have filed the same in English, which is the popular language of the court.The petitioner also cited the recommendations of the National Knowledge Commission headed by Sam Pitroda and said, \"According to the recommendations of the commission, along with Hindi, Englsh should also be a part of the curriculum of the government schools, so that even children who could not afford costly education in the convent schools develop themselves and integrate with the mainstream of the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860380", "title": "Topper prefers PG from colleges in UP", "text": "KANPUR: \"It's better to go for PG courses in medical colleges established in Uttar Pradesh as the number of patients is very large here as compared to other parts of the country,\" said Lini Srivastava, winner of prestigious Ganesian Award while talking to TOI. She expressed her happiness of being the first doctor in her family.Belonging to middle class family from Allahabad, Lini's father, Anil Srivastava is an official in Chattisgarh Vidhyut Parishad. Her mother is an housewife and elder sister is working with a private company. She said that she completed her secondary and senior secondary studies from DPS, Chattisgarh.Exhibiting interest in paediatrics, Lini said: \"I will do my MS in paediatrics as it is my favourite subject in the last year. Every year my interest changed. It was physiology in first year, pathology in second year and SPM in the third year.\" She thanked her parents and teachers for the immense support rendered to her in her studies.The topper said that rather than following the time table and study pattern of seniors, the students should prepare their own time table and study plans. She added that socializing and recreation is very important as it not only refreshes the mind but also gives motivation.\"I have Facebook account. I watch movies every month. I hang out with friends and lead a normal life. Apart from fun I take time for 6 to 7 hour studies,\" she added.Akansha Srivastava, who bagged one gold and one silver medal, said that she always wanted to become a doctor and receiving gold medal is a satisfying experience.Komal Sah, who also won one silver and one gold medal said that receiving the prestigious award from renowned personalities was like a dream come true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861040", "title": "'Reconsider action against schools'", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Rajya Shikshan Sanstha Mahamandal, an apex body of private academic institutions in the state, has pointed out several flaws in the government's recent exercise for scrutiny of classroom attendance to find out the number of schools faking students' attendance in order to secure vital state grants.The mahamandal's senior office-bearers and members, who met here on Monday, have alleged that the state government has applied different yardsticks for the schools run by private institutions and by local self-governing bodies like municipal corporations, councils and zilla parishads, in determining the classroom attendance and directing action against schools with high levels of absenteeism.On April 20, the government informed the state assembly that it was cancelling the registration of over 2,600 schools and was initiating criminal proceedings against principals and managements of these controversial schools. The announcement came in the wake of a special drive against bogus schools across the state, which was ordered by school education minister Rajendra Darda in October last year.This was after Darda undertook a visit to a school at the remote areas of Nanded district. He found that there was a huge difference between the number of students present in class and that on the attendance register. In an ensuing survey of the district by the zilla parishad executive officer and education officer, it came to light that at most schools there many ghost students. Later, when Darda called for a comprehensive survey of the state, the revelations were more shocking.In more than 2,600 schools, attendance was less than 10%, while they were receiving complete grants. Darda tabled this report before the cabinet, which accepted the same in toto and simultaneously told the education department to initiate criminal proceedings against the managements of the erring schools.Former Union minister and president of the Mahamandal, Vijay Naval Patil, said, \"We are not against the action proposed by the school education department against those schools, which indeed have less than 50% attendance. However, the department has applied different yardsticks in working out the percentage of attendance for private and local-self governing body schools. As such, the government needs to reconsider the action.\"Patil said, \"The erring schools may constitute 5% to 10% of the actual numbers that the state government has come out with following the survey. This is mainly because of the strange yardsticks applied.\"For instance, he said, \"The attendance for each section in urban and rural areas is 30 and 25 students respectively. This cancels recognition in case of the attendance going below the prescribed number in urban sections, but in several municipal council and zilla parishad schools, the attendance is not more than 5 to 10 in numbers and yet their recognition is not cancelled.\"He said, \"Against the prescribed attendance of 30 in urban areas, if a section has 37 students and if seven of them are absent, then the government has worked out absenteeism at 21%, which is totally unfair. On the contrary, rural schools with 5 to 10 students have been shown to have 100% attendance. The government has to explain this discrepancy.\"The mahamandal has planned a divisional convention in Nashik on May 13 to deliberate these and several other issues and consider legal recourse in the matter of school attendance. Other issues on the agenda include implementation of the Bombay high court order of December 31, 2011, regarding non-salary grants; concessions in power tariff for educational institutions and local management committees for schools and civic tax on school buildings, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12867603", "title": "Tuki asks SP to punish media house attackers", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has enquired about the progress of investigation into the recent attacks on The Arunachal Times office and given specific directions to Capital Complex SP Hibu Tamang to bring the culprits to book at the earliest.Briefing the CM on Monday, Tamang assured him that police is focusing on the case and there would be a breakthrough in the case soon, officials said on Tuesday. \"There can be no compromise with law and order and anyone committing a crime should be taken to task as per the law of the land,\" Tuki said.The CM, accompanied by MP Takam Sanjoy , health parliamentary secretary Nido Pavitra, MLA Markio Tado and his political secretary Bamang Tago, also visited Barpani Basti, where 66 houses were gutted in fire on Sunday.Tuki assured the affected that he would look into their accusation of lackadaisical attitude of fire tenders and. He also directed the deputy commissioner to file a report of losses, the cause of the fire and take measures to prevent recurrence of such incidents in future. He also asked the disaster management department to immediately process the compensation entitled to the victims.Tuki enquired about the relief already paid by the DC and assured the people that he will do whatever he can to help them. He also urged them to exercise precautions against faulty electrical wiring, gas leaks, unattended fires, and common mistakes that cause such man-made tragedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860924", "title": "New system to reduce property tax bill woes", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's some news to cheer up city property taxpayers. Through a circular on April 12, municipal commissioner Arnab Roy instructed the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) assessment department to rely only on computerized data while sending property tax bills to taxpayers.The circular also tells the department to issue statements along with property tax bills. These statements should make it amply clear whether a particular taxpayer has pending dues. \"We have been asked to provide a separate statement showing outstanding dues or zero outstanding dues along with tax bills for 2012-13. This new system will pave the way for minimizing harassment of taxpayers,\" a senior KMC assessment department official said.Taxpayers will also be given the option to obtain a 'No Outstanding Certificate' (NOC) from the KMC web portal. \"We will introduce the system shortly,\" said a KMC assessment department official. The decision was approved at a mayor-in-council meeting.Roy was shocked to find a large number of complaints from property taxpayers alleging that the KMC assessment department had sent them outstanding bills even after issuing NOCs. Much to the embarrassment of department officials, a case in point came up when Bhowanipore resident Amitava Roy complained that he had paid Rs 20,000 at the KMC headquarters on March 30 and got an NOC from the treasury. However, he was shocked when the department sent him an outstanding bill of Rs 15,000, claiming that the amount was unpaid since the mid-'80s. On verification, it was found that a KMC official of the rank of deputy manager had sent the outstanding bill from the manual register even as the assessment department's computerized records showed no outstanding against Roy's premise number. Several such complaints flooded KMC offices located all over the city. As the situation went out of control, the civic body had to open grievance cells for rectification of such anomalies.After consulting senior KMC officials, property tax experts and legal officials, the municipal commissioner proposed to update computer data on unpaid property tax and do away with manual registers that date back decades. The proposal was sent for mayor Sovan Chatterjee's approval. After Chatterjee approved and sent it back to the municipal commissioner, the latter issued a circular and asked the assessment department to immediately introduce the system of issuing statements of outstanding tax or zero outstanding along with tax bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12864958", "title": "Jayalalithaa writes again to PM, seeks entire power from Kudankulam plant", "text": "CHENNAI: With the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant all set to commence power generation, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday demanded that the entire power produced from it be given to the state.\"Now I understand that nuclear fuel loading is going to take place in the next few days in the first unit of the plant of 1000 MW capacity.It is expected that criticality will be reached in the following 20 days or so, leading to power generation from the first unit of the plant\", she said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Recalling her March 31 letter to him in this regard, she said details with regard to action on the allocation of the entire power to be generated from the KNPP to the state were \"yet to be known\".In the backdrop of the first unit of KNPP expected to attain criticality, Jayalalithaa said she would like to remind the Prime Minister about her earlier request. \"I am sure that you will do the needful by accepting the absolutely justified demand of our state\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859925", "title": "National Investigating Agency centre to comeup in Lucknow soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Investigating Agency (NIA) will soon set its unit in Lucknow. The unit with about 75 members will also cover Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. This will be NIA's fourth centre after the Delhi headquarters, Guwahati and Hyderabad. Two more centres are likely to come up in Mumbai and Kochi. NIA director general Sharad Chandra Sinha met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday and the latter assured him all help to set up the unit.The NIA DG is believed to have provided the CM with an insight on the functioning of the agency and the strategic importance of establishing a unit in Lucknow. UP has witnessed the highest level of subversive activities - terror attacks and arrests of terrorists - in India (outside Jammu &amp; Kashmir and North East) since the mid-1990s. Besides, investigations into the terror attacks have unveiled a UP connection in almost 60% of all terror attacks in India.The two reasons make it extremely important for the NIA to have a full-fledged unit in Lucknow which houses the headquarters of almost all the state security agencies as well, the DG NIA is believed to have told Yadav.Of the 42 terror attacks in India between 2000 and 2011 (outside Jammu &amp; Kashmir and North East), seven took place in UP alone in which 51 persons were killed and 146 injured. The tally at the All-India level (barring J&K; and NE) is 976 causalities and 3176 persons injured.If sources in the NIA are to be believed, the Lucknow unit will be headed by two IPS officers not below the rank of district police chief / senior superintendents of police (SSP) assisted by two additional SPs and four deputy SPs.The investigation section of the agency will comprise at least six police inspectors and 12 sub-inspectors apart from an adequate number of head constables and constables. The unit will have a battery of forensic, ballistic and explosive experts stationed permanently in Lucknow apart from one qualified biological expert and a team of technical forensic experts as well.\"Initially the unit will have a fingerprint, explosive, ballistic and bio-forensic expert each. The workforce can and will be increased with the passage of time if needed,\" said a source in the NIA. The high point of the NIA unit in Lucknow will be availability of highly qualified specialists for Crime Scene Investigation ( CSI ), something which is available to a select few security agencies in the country. \"Since the NIA charter deals with investigations only, the unit will not require additional force in terms of commandos and likes on the lines of Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) and Special Task Force (STF),\" the source said.The unit will also have a full-fledged office clerical staff including around 25 head constables and constables to serve as general diary in charge and drivers apart from one section officer (head clerk), two office assistants, five personal assistants / stenographers and a team of six public prosecutors headed by a senior counsel and a host of computer operators, programmers and cyber experts. The unit will have the option of closing in expert staff and state-of-the-art gadgetry available at the NIA headquarters on need basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867468", "title": "Parties vie for farmers' attention", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Frontline political parties on Tuesday competed with each other to woo farmers on the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya, which marks the beginning of the agriculture season in the state.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated a farm productivity project at Baharda village in Balasore district and reiterated his government's commitment to the upliftment of farmers in state. Congress president Niranjan Patnaik sowed seeds in a paddy field at Kalyanpur village on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. BJP solemnized a puja at a temple in Laxmisagar here for overall development of farmers. The BJD, BJP and Congress activists organised several other functions and worshipped the deities for bumper crops, even as farmers continued to suffer due to lack of government patronage at many places in the state. \"The government is just shedding crocodile tears. It is showing it is fighting for the causes of farmers. But in reality, the government is promoting industries by taking away agricultural lands.\"The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) of India, in its recent report, came down heavily on the state government for the poor state of affairs in the agricultural sector. \"Area under cultivation in the state reduced by 1.17 lakh hectares during 2005-10 while land put to non-agricultural use increased by 2.99 lakh hectares in Odisha,\" the CAG report said.Economic survey 2010-11 revealed that the area under cultivation decreased from 58.45 lakh hectares in 2001-02 to 55.74 lakh hectares in 2009-10. The CAG report accused the revenue department of \"misusing the emergency provision in many instances, depriving the likely land losers of the opportunity to be heard.\" \"There were delays in finalizing land acquisition proceedings and payment of compensation to the land-losers,\" the report said.It criticized the government of cheating poor farmers of crores of rupees by acquiring their lands at throwaway prices for industrial purposes. \"Fixing of market value of land on lower side by land acquisition officers tended to help the land buyers, most often industries at the cost of land losers (farmers),\" the report said.\"Under-assessment of compensation by Rs 224.29 crore was noticed in 4003.481 acres of land for 10 entrepreneurs due to erroneous fixation of market value of land,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12859882", "title": "Weddings get bigger &amp; fatter with planners", "text": "RANCHI: \"Inflation ho ya recession, hamare country me shaadiyan to hoti rahengi aur log hamesha shaadiyon pe kharch karte rahenge (be it inflation or recession, people will marry and spend lavishly on weddings).\" Remember this dialogue in the film, 'Band Baja Barat'? In real life, this dialogue seems to have caught the imagination of many young entrepreneurs in Ranchi.From the rich and the famous to the not-so-rich have all started approaching wedding planners. All you need to do is decide on a wedding date and delegate all responsibility to a professional planner. Arun Bahadur, whose daughter recently got married, said, \"I have a nuclear family and my son stays in Bangalore. As there was no one to help us, we approached a wedding planner. They did a wonderful job and the wedding was a grand success.\"For upscale elite families, appointing a planner has become essential as he adds to the glamour quotient. Mahesh Sinha, whose daughter tied the knot this January, said, \"We wanted to make her wedding special. The theme of the evening was peacock. The entire hall was decorated with peacock feathers. It was indeed an uncommon theme and everyone appreciated the decoration. We could do all this only with help of a wedding planner.\"Rajiv Verma, a planner, said, \"There is a craze for theme-based weddings in the city and the most sought after one is the Rajasthani theme, in which we decorate the entire venue like a Rajsthani village. The menu is also Rajasthani.\"Other popular themes doing the rounds are royal, historic, romantic and midnight moments. There is also a demand for hydraulic stages as is seen on the big screen. Sinha said, \"Hydraulic stages are sensational. The stage rises after the jaimala is over.\"The city has about 20 planners, who have a tough time keeping up with fancy demands during peak seasons. Some just take care of the decoration and catering, while the big budget ones take charge of everything, from decoration to ticket booking and even receiving guests. They also help to buy the trousseau, jewellery and other essentials.Varun, another planner, said, \"People who have a budget of Rs 5 lakh and above approach us. Our charges depend on the number of events we plan. Our packages start from Rs 3 lakh and go upto Rs 40 lakh. For a big-budget wedding, we do everything, inclusive of shopping, booking of banquet halls, hotel rooms and receiving guests.\"The clients are usually businessmen and corporate biggies who don't mind the splurge for an extravagant night which everyone will cherish and remember. \"Some may feel hiring a planner is an additional expenditure. But for the couple's family we are a big relief as we do everything,\" added Varun.Another planner, N N Sinha, said he gets about 60 customers every season. \"It is a new trend. And it is gaining popularity every day. While earlier, the number of customers would be around 20, now it has gone up to 50.\"What's interesting, even small towns are not far behind the big cities. Varun said he recently did the planning of a wedding in Hazaribag for a budget of Rs 35 lakh. \"We did the decoration, catering, shopping and hotel booking. People keep approaching us from places like Gumla and Godda also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12861232", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau raids on illegal liquor business continues", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Tightening the noose around the illegal liquor merchants, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) carried searches on APBCL depots across the state on Tuesday. According to sources, the ACB teams believed to have asked the depot managers to provide them the details of the dealers who were taking away the stocks from the depots.With the excise and prohibition department refusing to cancel the shop licences of benamis citing technical reasons, the ACB had decided to nab the actual merchants who were handling crores of rupees of turnover in the name of benamis at the beverages corporation's depots. Searches were carried out at IML depots at Gudivada in Krishna district, Narasaraopet in Guntur district and several other places. The raids were mainly aimed at collecting the records pertaining to the sales to different shops and people who signed registers.The ACB teams handed over a detailed note to the officials manning the depots by asking them take the information from purchasers (read retail shop owners). As per the directive of ACB, the IML depot officials have to gather the details of the actual owner of the licence as well as the 'naukarinama' from the person lifting the stocks from the depot. ACB suspects that the actual owners of the shops who have managed the business with benami names will come to light during purchase of stocks.\"Even if they depute someone to lift the stocks, the person coming to the depot has to give the entire details including information about the cash transaction,\" an ACB official told TOI.The ACB had identified more than 80 per cent of the shop licences granted in the name of benami names had white ration cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12867973", "title": "Gold chain snatched in Salem Tabri area", "text": "LUDHIANA: City roads are no longer safe for women as snatchers are challenging the police with their activities in broad daylight. In a snatching incident in Salem Tabri on Tuesday, miscreants fled with a four tola gold chain of Neelam Sharma, 59.In her police complaint, Neelam said she was on her way to temple when two boys on a motorcycle snatched the chain. SHO, Salem Tabri, Bittan Kumar said they are verifying the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860429", "title": "Chambal sanctuary a killing field for gharials", "text": "KANPUR: Illegal fishing in the National Chambal Sanctuary is killing endangered gharials like the one found dead in the Chambal river in Etawah on Thursday last. The tragedy continues unabated despite the fact that now there are very few gharials left in the region.The gharials (Gavialis gangeticus) have been declared as a 'critically endangered specie' by the International Union For Conservation of Nature. The National Chambal Sanctuary, which falls in UP as well as Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh , is a known as a habitat for the endangered gharial and other aquatic animals. It is spread in an area of 5,000 sq km.Experts say illegal fishing, using boat and synthetic net, is posing a serious threat to the endangered gharials nesting in the sanctuary. Only on Monday, a 16-ft-long gharial was found hacked into pieces at Lal Pura Khar in Bhareh area of Etawah and on Monday a boat and a large synthetic fishing net was seized by the forest department personnel of the National Chambal Sanctuary.Such illegal practices are still on despite a ban on fishing by authorities in the sanctuary to ensure the safety of the aquatic animals. There is an urgent need to check the rampant killing of gharials and other rare aquatic animals, including dolphins and turtles and to strictly enforce the ban. Nesting of the endangered gharial have recently been sighted along the Chambal river, at present, there incubation period is underway and hatching of egg is expected to take place in the last week of May or first week of June, the National Chambal officials said.\"The female gharial lays 30 to 40 eggs in each nesting site. These eggs are incubated and hatched due to sand's heat. Then the baby gharials emerge from their eggs and creep into the river ,\" the expert informed.\"Areas known for the notoriety of hunters start from Panchnada to Bansuri, which is nearly a 15 km of stretch, then from Siddhbaba temple upto Pali, a 6km spread of land downstream, besides from Barchauli to Kasauwa, Ranipurwa to Lakhanpurwa and from Gati to Kheda,\" said a forest department official.Most of these reptiles are victims of by-catch in fishing nets. Sand-mining also poses one of the most significant threats to gharials, Gangetic dolphins and turtles in the Chambal sanctuary. \"What is more shocking is that these endangered aquatic species are being killed by fish poachers as these reptiles become victim of by-catch. Sand-mining is other illegal practice within the sanctuary, but there is no one to check those involved in the illegal trade,\" says Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature.He further informed that earlier there was a guard especially employed for guarding gharials in the region but the post has been lying vacant since the past eight-nine years following retirement of the previous staff.Fishermen are active both in the upstream (Madhya Pradesh) and downstream in (Uttar Pradesh).Another wildlife enthusiast claimed that big contractors are in cahoots with local fishermen and use them for fishing. \"Such contractors are least bothered about the welfare of the environment and are using every possible means available to earn quick money,\" he said.\"This is a big problem and there's a lot of manpower needed to trap these illegal fishers. However, we will leave no stone unturn to check the illegal fishing practice to save endangered species,\" says Uma Shanker Dohre, Wild Life warden, while talking to TOI.In 2007, from November till March 2008, more than 112 gharials died in the Chambal due to unknown reasons. Further investigations by the IVRI suggested the possibility of poisoning by metal pollutants. Just 200-300 gharials are believed to be left in the Chambal and Katarnia Ghat. All over India, there are 2,000-3,000 gharials left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12861139", "title": "Rajya Sabha oath ceremony low on star-power", "text": "NEW DELHI: If one thought a glimpse of Amitabh Bachchan or Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was in the offing, the person would have returned bitterly disappointed from Parliament on Tuesday. Not even Abhishek Bachchan was in the gallery when his mother Jaya Bachchan took oath as a new Rajya Sabha member.It was left to Dalit czarina Mayawati to conjure up some star-power during the oath-taking ceremony of the over 50 new MPs, which included Telugu superstar Chiranjeevi and hockey player Dilip Kumar Tirkey, in the Upper House.The BSP supremo, who got elected to the Rajya Sabha for a third stint after her party suffered a resounding defeat in the recent Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, was the centre of all attraction even before the House began its proceedings for the day. Several MPs, cutting across party lines, greeted her.Initially, it seemed Mayawati had chosen not to greet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh after she took her oath. But promptly after signing the register, she walked across to the PM, who too stood up to acknowledge her greetings with folded hands. She took her position as the BSP leader on the front row, relegating her lieutenant Satish Chandra Mishra to the second one.There were several other political heavyweights among the new entrants who solemnly affirmed to bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution. Leading from the front was the leader of the Opposition, Arun Jaitley, re-elected to the House from Gujarat. He, too, like the others, greeted the PM and chairman Hamid Ansari . While the PM smiled, Ansari congratulated Jaitley with a ``welcome back'' remark.Notable among the others were Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajeev Shukla, former Rajya Sabha deputy chairman K Rahman Khan, former Union minister Renuka Chaudhary, BJP general secretary Ravi Shankar Prasad, Najma Heptullah and CPI-M leader Tapan Kumar Sen.Among the new entrants was also Devi Prasad Tripathi of the Nationalist Congress Party, who was once the JNU students' union president, and then went on to become an aide of Rajiv Gandhi but left the Congress over his opposition to Sonia Gandhi as the president of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12860228", "title": "Sadique hints at 'manipulation', says same panel issued SC certificate in 2006", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The music of success in elections has not dimmed a dime for folk singer Mohammad Saddique, whose candidature as MLA is under question after the State SC Commission issued orders to cancel his SC certificate. As the popular singer and the opposition Congress gear up for a legal fight, the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal is weighing its options -- if a disqualification motion can be brought into the House against Saddique.Speaking to TOI, Saddique said he would press for action against officers in the commission who had issued him the SC certificate. Hinting at \"manipulation\" by the ruling government, Saddique said, \"My certificate was issued in 2006 by the same SC commission which is now giving orders to cancel it. I am not the only Muslim with SC certificate, there are so many others and I am protected by provisions of law and Constitution.\"While the leader of opposition, Sunil Jakhar, has already pledged to take up the matter legally, Saddique said he had Capt Amarinder Singh's confidence. \"I was given an SC ticket by the Congress party and the PPCC president has assured me that these are mere legal hassles being created by those who lost the election,\" said Saddique. \"The SAD candidate, D S Guru, whom the public rejected and elected me instead, still enjoys a great deal of clout in the government and is trying to take an advantage,\" he said.SAD secretary and MLA D S Cheema said the matter only highlighted what Congress party workers have been crying foul for so long. \"The distribution of party tickets, as Congress own party workers have been saying, was faulty and this is an example of just that. This is a legal matter and will have far reaching ramifications and will be settled in court,\" he said.Sources in the party said that \"the pressure is intense\", especially in Saddiqu case, as the singer had defeated the CM's former principal secretary.SAD legal section head H S Brar said, \"The matter is sub judice and the state assembly already has a judgment delivered by the Supreme Court in Amarinder Singh disqualification case. The matter will be taken up in the election petition and dealt with legally.\"In his application, Sadique had claimed that he belonged to Doom community, a Scheduled Caste, duly notified by the Punjab government. T R Sarangal, then secretary welfare, had clarified in writing to the Ludhiana deputy commissioner on March 16, 2009, that only those Doom community applicants who followed Sikhism, Hinduism or Buddhism were eligible for SC certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12864479", "title": "2 senior citizens jump to death", "text": "MUMBAI: Two senior citizens jumped to death from the balcony of their flats in Mazgaon and Kalachowki while a 34-year-old man hung from an angle at his brother's home in Wadala TT. The incidents were recorded on Tuesday between 5am and 8.30am on at three police stations in the city.Mazgaon resident Ameena Lakdawala (71) jumped from the sixth floor balcony of her flat at Sai Niketan building near Parab Chowk in Byculla. Lakdawala was reportedly alone at the time of the incident, the Byculla police said.The building guard found Lakdawala's body on a parked car on the building premises around 5am. He called some building residents, who then informed the police. \"No suicide note was found from the deceased's flat. She was alone at home and was mentally ill. Investigations are on to know if the victim jumped or had an accidental fall,\" senior inspector Lakhanlal Mathure said.Mathure said her body had been handed over to her sister and a relative after her son sent a fax from the US giving permission to carry out the final rites. The deceased's two sons are in US, while her two daughters married and settled down in the city. \"We are recording statements to know since when the elderly woman was staying alone and if she had been undergoing treatment,\" he said.In the second incident, 34-year-old Wadala TT resident Panchshri Ganjale hung himself from an iron rod at his brother's residence at Pratiksha Nagar in Sion-Koliwada. Ganjale said in his suicide note that he was depressed for being unemployed and unmarried. \"The death was noticed when Ganjale's mother woke up around 5.30am to fetch water. His mother and two brothers were asleep in the house when he hanged himself,\" an officer from the Wadala TT police station said.Kalachowki resident Arun Manjrekar (66) jumped from a fourth floor flat at Shingare Guruji Bhavan on Dr B A Road around 8.30am. A case of accidental death report has been filed by the police. The police said Manjrekar was mentally ill and depressed. Family members said he was undergoing treatment for a year. \"Manjrekar took the extreme step to end life due to his deteriorating health,\" said a Kalachowki police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860810", "title": "Commuters wince in Metro teething trouble", "text": "KOLKATA: With perfect 20-20 hindsight, the Metro Railway realizes that it should have stopped services for a day to install and test the new automatic signaling system.After two days of signal trouble - and harassment to thousands of commuters - Metro officials on Tuesday admitted they should have \"perhaps\" opted for a break in services. A section of the officials claimed that they were under instructions from the railway ministry to install the new system without interrupting normal services.This is something unheard of, say sources. Metro railways around the world shut down completely for a day or two to effect such changes.Though Kolkata Metro engineers managed to put the system in place along the entire network by Sunday, they got no time to try it out. As a result, signals failed on Monday and Tuesday, causing immense inconvenience to commuters.\"These are teething troubles for any new system. However, had we got some time to try out the automatic signaling, the glitches could have been ironed out. Ideally, we should have taken a 'block' and suspended services for a couple of days to install the signals and test them. But there were clear instructions from the Railway Board to go in for a changeover without interrupting services,\" a source said.On Tuesday afternoon, a motorman spotted a signal light fading near Girish Park station and alerted the control room. Technicians detected a track circuiting failure and what followed was yet another round of delayed services. On Monday evening, a signal near Kalighat station had failed, forcing officials to run trains slowly.Commuters had long waits at stations during the evening peak hour. After a while, the booking counters at some stations ran out of tokens and the platforms got extremely crowded. Many commuters finally reached home by bus, autorickshaw or taxi.An elaborate procedure has to be followed once an automatic signal fails. Before crossing the signal, motormen have to get in touch with the control room and identify themselves by their private numbers. The motormen can proceed only after the control room checks to see whether the line in front is clear. This has a cascading effect and before long, there is a long queue of trains.\"The Metro is unlike an open line where everything is visible. Inside the tunnel, there is no natural light even during the day and mobile phones don't work. There are several curves and restoration work gets tedious. We have no problems with the elevated stretch but motormen have been instructed to proceed with caution in the tunnels,\" an official said.The Metro's signaling system should have been upgraded years ago. Between 2000 and 2009, the Metro was a picture of neglect though the Left Front was a part of the UPA in the Centre for a considerable period. By the time Mamata took over as railway minister in 2009, the country's first underground mass rapid transit system was struggling with old rakes and a decaying system.\"After a long time, something good is happening to the Metro. We realize that commuters face problems when services are disrupted. However, they would have been inconvenienced more had we suspended services completely for a couple of days. We request them to give us a couple of days for the new system to settle down. There are teething problems in all systems,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859567", "title": "Affordable housing set to get costlier", "text": "JAIPUR: Affordable houses under phase-III will be costlier than phase-I and II as the prices of construction raw materials have shot up sharply in recent times. The state government is planning to pass on the increased cost to the home buyers, who include lower income group (LIG), economic weaker sections (EWS) and middle income group (MIG).A committee, headed by JDA secretary, will be constituted to decide the quantum of price hike.According to officials, the recommendations of the panel will be submitted within a month. There are around 41 schemes proposed under phase-III.An official source said, \"It's necessary to increase the prices under phase-III due to rise in market prices of raw materials, and no developer would be interested to participate with the existing rates.\"He added, \"The department has taken no decision to revise the prices for phase-I and phase-II till now.\"Earlier, the developers of the phase-I and phase-II had threatened the state government to withdraw the scheme. They claimed that due to increase in prices of construction material, builders are facing a loss of Rs 40,000 per unit and still the state government is not increasing the prices as mentioned in Memorandum of Understanding. Builders are unwilling to take up more units on similar rates.Sanjeev Cahudhary, a developer, said, \"Under Clause 41 of the tripartite agreement, it was mentioned that in case of extra-ordinary price escalation, the state government would have the authority to revise the construction suitably. However, the government is ignoring this aspect of the agreement despite developers highlighting the Clause 41 in several meetings. Since the project has started, the cost of construction has increased by Rs 125 per sq ft which developers are getting at present due to the rise in construction cost.\"The state government had launched the affordable housing scheme under the PPP mode in June 2010. The government plans to develop five lakh affordable houses over the next five years under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859398", "title": "Red rebels likely to name new mediators", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Raman Singh told newsmen in Raipur that former Chhattisgarh chief secretary Suyogya Kumar Misra and former Madhya Pradesh chief secretary Nirmala Buch have agreed to mediate with the Maoists for securing the release of the abducted collector. However, Maoists have not yet responded to the state government announcement naming former IAS officers as interlocutors on its behalf.There are indications that Maoists could come up with their new set of mediators as senior supreme court lawyer Prashat Bhushan is maintaining that he won't mediate on Maoists behalf while Manish Kunjam said he can't do as the party had asked him to keep himself off from the negotiation process.Suyogya Kumar Misra said in Raipur that he would first hold talks with the state government about the Maoist demands while Nirmala Buch said in Bhopal that she would reach Chhattisgarh as early as possible. \"I am confident that the rebels would extend the April 25 deadline\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12859741", "title": "Probe sought into Congress bid to buy JVM votes", "text": "RANCHI: The BJP on Tuesday demanded a probe by the Election Commission into the charges levelled by the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) against the Congress for its alleged attempts to lure the party to vote in favour of its candidate by offering posts of chairman in central boards and corporations.State BJP president Dineshanand Goswami said the JVM-P leader had recently claimed in public that AICC spokesman Shakeel Ahmad had promised to give posts of chairman to three people from the party if they support the Congress candidate in the May 3 Rajya Sabha election. \"The commission should probe the matter because it also amounts to horse trading,\" said Goswami. The BJP leader also demanded an inquiry into the allegation levelled by Congress legislator Chandrashekhar Dubey against Rajya Sabha MP Dheeraj Sahu.\"If the Congress MLA says that the MP had offered Rs 25 lakh to each MLA to get vote in his favour at the time of the Rajya Sabha election in 2010, it should be probed and everyone who is guilty should be punished,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12865115", "title": "Cortalim bypoll on June 2", "text": "PANAJI: The byelection to the Cortalim assembly constituency will be held on June 2. The seat had fallen vacant following the death of Matanhy Saldanha on March 21.Counting will be held on June 15, 2012.Announcing the date, Election Commission of India (ECI) also stated that the notification will be issued on May 9, the last date for filing nominations is May 16 and the last date for withdrawal of candidature is May 19. Scrutiny of nominations received will be conducted on May 17. Polling stations will be open from 8am to 5pm.Saldanha had won the seat on the BJP ticket and there is a strong demand from a large section of his supporters to field his widow Alina on the party ticket. The party is expected to take a decision on this shortly. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said BJP will decide on Alina's candidature after Matanhy's month's mind observance. The opposition Congress will contest the bypoll but is yet to finalize the candidate.The Cortalim byelection will offer the governing BJP an opportunity to regain a clear majority of 21 seats in the 40-member assembly. Saldanha's death had reduced the BJP strength in the assembly to 20 but it enjoys the support of three MGP legislators and all five independents. Two of these (Navelim and Velim) had the BJP support even before the assembly elections. A win or loss in Cortalim hardly matters to Congress which has nine members in the house.As in previous assembly elections, ECI will use electronic voting machines (EVM) in the byelection. Adequate numbers of EVMs have been made available and steps taken to ensure that the polls are conducted smoothly.A release stated that ECI has decided that voters' identification shall be mandatory. Electoral photo identity cards shall be the main document of identity of a voter. Separate instructions will be issued to allow additional documents for identification of voters.The model code of conduct shall come into force with immediate effect in the district in which the constituency falls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860419", "title": "Cardiologist discusses advances in heart surgery", "text": "KANPUR: Talking about the newest cardiac surgeries, Dr Ashok Seth, interventional cardiologist, Escorts Hospital, New Delhi, said that 'TAVI', the trans-catheter implantation of prosthetic aortic valves is expanding in the world.However, being on the stage of experiment and highly expensive, it is not much adopted in India.\"This is a technology in the early stages of evolution, where there are few feedbacks. This technology has enormous potential and there seems little doubt that it will play an important part in the treatment of aortic stenosis in frail patients, unsuitable for conventional surgical aortic valve replacement,\" Dr Seth added.He informed that patients can go home within 24 hours after this surgery and even run after a week. Talking about the cost of surgery, the expert said that it costs nearly 15 to 17 lakh per operation as the compressed valve used in surgery is very costly.Talking about the present status of cardiac diseases in the country, Dr Seth said that rheumatic valve infection is high among Indian youth. The elderly population is suffering from aotic cardiovascular infections.Giving explanation about the transfer of GSVM faculty members to Kannauj Medical College, director general, medical education and training, Saudan Singh said that its needs experienced teachers at the time of establishment of new college. He added that GSVM teachers hold a good record among the medical colleges in UP. Transfers were always done with the consent of medical college authorities and by analysing the need of teachers in the particular institutions. He also assured re-transfer of various professors of post graduate courses after the establishment process of Kannauj Medical College is over.\"The expansion of medical colleges from 25 to 40 will require the shifting of few good teachers to the newly established medical institutions. This expansion also paved way for professors from outside the state to join the medical colleges in UP. A large number of medical professors from Maharashtra and Bihar have already joined few of the newly established colleges in the state,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12867694", "title": "Deputy speaker's car torched in Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: A day after a government vehicle was torched by members of an NGO in the city on Monday to protest against the alleged enrollment of \"doubtful\" voters in Meghalaya, two other vehicles - one belonging to deputy speaker Sanbor Shullai - met with a similar fate on Tuesday.In the first incident, which took place in the Jaiaw area of the city, the driver of the deputy speaker's vehicle, Balajied Muktieh, and his PSO managed to escape narrowly. Shullai was not inside car the when the incident took place. The second incident took place in the Umsohsun locality, triggering panic in the city.Security in the capital has been beefed up to prevent any untoward incident, said DGP N Ramachandran. Warning of stringent against the perpetrators of the crime, Ramachandran said policemen have been deployed in \"vulnerable areas\" to maintain law and order.The police chief also met governor R S Mooshahary last evening to brief him on the law and order situation in the entire state and the capital in particular, said a source in the Raj Bhavan.On Monday, two vehicles were burnt, hours after a public rally, organized by four NGOs, against the alleged of enrollment of doubtful voters in the state. They have been demanding steps to ensure that migrants and foreign nationals did not get voting rights in the state.Many shops were ransacked and some non-indigenous residents were beaten up. Miscreants lobbed petrol bombs in at least two places while a haystack was also burnt, police said. The NGOs have called a a two-night road blockade in the four districts of Khasi-Jaintia Hills region from April 25.The district administration has taken serious note of the stir announced by the NGOs and necessary precautions will be taken to avoid any untoward incident, said East Khasi Hills district deputy commissioner Sanjay Goyal. Police said the cases of arson were the handiwork of miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864847", "title": "Belgaum-native arrested for possession of charas", "text": "PANAJI: Birappa Tambi, 32, a native of Belgaum was arrested for possession of 4.68kg of charas worth 4.68 lakh on Tuesday by the Calangute police.Tambi was arrested by the police at Porbawaddo, Calangute, based on a tip-off received from police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12867195", "title": "Contractor ups cost of dam near city 150% in 2 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Huge cost escalations in public projects seem to be the norm.An upcoming dam in Pen, originally estimated to cost Rs 353.89 crore three years ago, was awarded to a contractor at a 40% enhanced rate of Rs 488 crore. TOI has learned that barely a year after work commenced in 2010, the contractor came back with a revised cost estimate of a hefty Rs 1,220 crore-a 150% increase.The Balganga dam in Raigad district, about 150-km from Mumbai, is being funded by the City &amp; Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco). About 70% work on the dam is over and when it is ready, it will supply 350 million litres of water a day to Navi Mumbai.The project was awarded to F A Enterprises for Rs 488 crore in 2009, taking into account future cost escalations. But after work began, the contractor demanded two-and-a-half times more on the pretext that the scope of work and material required had increased.Unchecked fund flow Project: Balganga damLocation: Pen taluka, RaigadBenefit: Will supply 350 million litres of water a day to Navi MumbaiInitial estimate by Cidco353.89croreContract awarded488croreRevised estimate1,220crore 'There's political pressure on Cidco board to clear hike' Proposal to raise Balganga dam cost first came up in March 2011, but was opposed About 70% of the project in Pen, Raigad, is overThe proposed 150% increase in the cost of the Balganga dam in Pen will be discussed by the Cidco board in its meeting slated for April 27. High-level government sources said the board was under political pressure to approve the stupendous increase. On Tuesday, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare said various reasons had been cited for the cost escalation.Although Cidco is funding the project, the contractor, F A Enterprises, was appointed by the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC), which is the executing agency. Government sources said this will be the second time that the proposal to approve the revised cost estimate will be placed before the Cidco board. \"The proposal first came up before the board on March 7, 2011, but was opposed by the members,'' said a source. The proposal said the new cost was justified because the hard rock quantity and excavation work had increased. \"The KIDC and the contractor claimed that the earlier design was incorrect and the concrete and filling quantity was much more than anticipated,'' said a source.The Cidco board then appointed a three-member committee under the chairmanship of retired public works department secretary Sharad Tambe to study the cost. The panel submitted its report to Cidco. When contacted, Tambe refused to comment on the contents of his report.When the Cidco board objected to the high cost, the contractor and KIDC reportedly agreed to reduce the price by a measly Rs 20 crore. F A Enterprises is believed to be undertaking dam projects in Kalu, Shai and Susari in Thane, besides Balganga and Kondhane in Raigad.The contractor was not available for comment despite repeated attempts.Earlier, TOI had exposed a similar case of massive cost escalation in a BMC water tunnel project. In 2008, the cost of the 15.1-km-long tunnel from Gundovli near Bhiwandi to Bhandup, as part of the Middle Vaitarna Project to bring 455 million litres a day of water to the city, was estimated at Rs 1,122 crore. In October 2009, the civic standing committee approved the project at almost double the cost-Rs 2,019 crore.Times viewStupendous, logic-defying cost escalations seem to be the norm in the government sector; it doesn't matter whether it's a multi-crore Cidco dam or a routine BMC road repair work. The extra money that is pumped into these projects-many don't even stand the test of one single monsoon, as in the case of many of Mumbai's roads-comes from our pocket, from the multiple taxes we pay. Normal cost escalations are one thing; but funnelling money out of the public exchequer to pay for rising project costs that defy all inflation parameters is another form of looting the taxpayer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859168", "title": "CM opens leather hub at Fatuha", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday said that Bihar had great potential for solar energy, after Rajasthan and Gujarat.Inaugurating a leather hub developed by the Aparna Industrial Promotion Council at Fatuha Industrial Area, Kumar said work has been undertaken for the overall growth of solar energy sector. \"I shall specially visit a solar energy project in Samastipur during my forthcoming Seva Yatra,\" he said.Referring to his recent Mumbai visit, the CM said he told the industrialists there that by the time they would begin making investment in Bihar, the state would become self-dependent in power generation.Making a sarcastic remark on opposition leaders, the CM said the leather hub was a reply to all those who had been stating that no new investment would come to Bihar. \"People who had earlier migrated from Bihar and have carved out a place for themselves in the leather industry of Mumbai, are now returning to invest in the Fatuha-based leather hub,\" he added. He also said over 600 entrepreneurs would invest in the leather hub, with hundreds of new factories coming up. Over 10,000 people would get employment.The CM said the leather produced in Bihar was of a superior quality. \"Bihar possesses good quality leather and skilled workers. However, leather industry had been prospering in Mumbai. But now, leather units will be set up in Bihar and skilled workers would get an opportunity to work in their home state,\" he said.Nitish added, \"Nowadays investors do not have any misconception about Bihar. They no longer discuss the state's law and order situation. They are now ready to come to Bihar and make investments. Our work is of a catalyst and we are doing that. The number of people seeking jobs in Bihar will be less while the number of people offering jobs would be more because a host of industrialists from Mumbai have now begun setting up their industries in this leather hub.\" He also announced a business meet would be held within a month where industrialists would be heard and their problems solved.Speaking on the occasion, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said when he visited Mumbai three years back, he observed that thousands of people from Siwan, Gopalganj and Nawada were running leather units in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860683", "title": "McFadyen opens facility at Technopark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As part of its expanding offshore operations, US-based McFadyen Solutions has opened its new facility on the 12th floor of Leela Infopark in Technopark.\"The solutions that McFadyen Consulting builds for our Fortune 500 clients are extremely complex large-scale e-commerce systems. It can take years to master this technology and we invest heavily in training and mentoring our staff. This best-in-class infrastructure enables our team to continue exceeding our clients' expectations,\" said president and CEO of the company, Tom McFadyen.McFadyen Solutions has invested over half a million US dollars in creating this leading-edge new 16,000 sq ft office space with a capacity of 160 seats. Modern technologies include 10 video conference stations, 10 high-resolution projectors, and 18 energy-efficient LED monitors ranging in size from 60\" to 80\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12862746", "title": "Maharashtra awaits HC nod on CM's discretionary powers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra urban development department (UDD) is holding on to 500 flats as it awaits the Bombay high court order on the discretionary powers of the chief minister.The 500 flats have accrued to the state under the erstwhile Urban Land Ceiling Act. The Act was scrapped in 2007 in Maharashtra. The UDD has also launched an inquiry into the sale of another 160 flats owed to it by 23 developers.\"All these flats, except the 160 sold in the open market, are lying vacant since there is a stay given by the HC on their disbursement in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) challenging allotments under the chief minister's discretionary quota,\" said a senior UDD official. He added, \"These flats are in the possession of the state government.'' The flats are spread across Maharashtra, a majority of them are in Mumbai, Thane and Kalyan-Dombivli.Apart from these flats, the state government will soon come into possession of a couple of hundred flats from joint venture schemes between the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) and private developers using 2.5 FSI for creating affordable housing stock. Two per cent of flats constructed by Mhada are to be surrendered to the government which are then allotted by the chief minister using his discretionary powers.The 2.5 FSI joint venture scheme is currently applicable to Mumbai and Thane and is likely to be introduced in the entire MMR region as well as Nagpur, Aurangabad, Amravati etc.In its proposal to minimise the discretionary powers of the chief minister, the government had suggested that 50% of all such flats should be used as quarters for government officials. Of the other 50%, flats are to be allotted on merit to freedom fighters, former policemen, former defence servicemen, accredited journalists, award-winning sportsmen, artists and scientists. The discretion of granting flats for those in dire need of accommodation, to government officials have been done away with, said sources. The next court hearing is slated for April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860887", "title": "\u2018Forced\u2019 into gay relationship, man murders colleague, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old youth has been arrested for murdering his co-worker, who, he alleges, forced him in to a homosexual relation with him.The accused has been identified as Wasim, a resident of Hauz Qazi in old Delhi. Wasim and Danish, the victim, worked as domestic help for one Mohammad Shamim, a shopkeeper in the area. They used to sleep inside the shop at night. On Monday morning, Shamim informed police that his servants were not opening the shop from inside. When cops reached the spot and broke open the shutter, they found Danish's body.Wasim was arrested late on Monday night from Chawri Bazar Metro station. During interrogation, he revealed that Danish kept asking for sexual favours despite his reluctance. \"On Monday, when Wasim spurned his advances, Danish threatened to make their relationship public. Wasim then requested Danish to let him finish his drink. While drinking liquor, he noticed that Danish was becoming sleepy. Sensing an opportunity, he attacked Danish on the neck with a cleaver. Then he escaped from the shop from a window,\" said Aslam Khan, additional DCP (central).The cops later recovered the cleaver from near the Town Hall near Chandni Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12863552", "title": "Pakistan test-fires Hatf-4 nuclear-capable ballistic missile", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Wednesday test-fired an \"improved version\" of the nuclear-capable Hatf-4 intermediate range ballistic missile that can hit targets in India, six days after New Delhi tested the Agni-V missile with a range of 5,000 km.The test of the Hatf-4, also known as Shaheen-1A, was conducted successfully, state-run Radio Pakistan reported.The missile tested today was \"an improved version of Shaheen-1 with improvements in range and technical parameters\", the report said.The military did not specify the range of the missile though the original version of the Hatf-4 had a reach of 750 km.The missile, capable of carrying nuclear and conventional warheads, can reach targets deep within India.The impact point of the missile was in the Indian Ocean , reports said.Pakistan had informed India in advance about the test and asked it to issue suitable warnings to aircraft flying over the region.President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani congratulated scientists and military officials over the successful test of the Hatf-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12860180", "title": "Higher prices dull gold sales", "text": "KOCHI: Jewellery stores across Kerala witnessed huge crowds thronging their premises on the Akshaya Tritiya day. However, higher prices and rain partially robbed Akshaya Tritiya of its sheen in the state. Shops were open by early morning on Tuesday to cash in on the now popular festival which is only a decade old in Kerala.According to the Hindu calendar, Akshaya Tritiya is considered to be auspicious for purchasing gems and jewellery.\"Jewellery stores in the state were quite busy on Tuesday,\" said B Girirajan, president of All-Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants Association (AKGSMA) which controls 3,500 stores - almost half the jewellery outlets in the state. According to the Association, Kerala jewellers sold about 600kg to 700 kg of gold for Akshaya Tritiya, with shops in three districts-Ernakulam, Kottayam and Thiruvananthapuram-fetching the highest sales. The day's total sales were between Rs160 crore and Rs 190 crore, it said. \"There was rain on Monday evening at some places, but people who really wanted to buy gold on this auspicious day were determined and hit the high street stores on Tuesday,\" said Girirajan. Gold prices advanced to a two-month high of Rs 29,100 per 10 gm on the day, driven by heavy buying by retail customers nationally. It traded at RS21,440 per eight grams.\"When you consider the sales in shops across the state, the quantity of gold sold has come down compared to last year's Akshaya Tritiya,\" opined Girirajan. \"I reckon the quantity fell by 20%, while price increased about 34%. People used to buy gold coins of 40g or 100g in each transaction, but this time, it declined to 1g or 8g,\" he said. \"The footfalls in our shops were almost double compared to a normal day, and we had customers coming in huge numbers yesterday too,\" said Pratap K Bydan, store manager of Malabar Gold in Kochi. It appeared that southern Kerala also witnessed slightly higher flow of customers over last year.\"Sales are comparable to that of last year. We were open by 7.30 am and will stay open till 8 pm at least,\" said P C Natesan, general secretary of AKGSMA, who runs jewellery stores in Kayamkulam and Panthalam. \"Compared to last year, the quantity of gold sold was almost the same,\" said P D Jose, general manager with Joy Alukkas. \"Our shops were open by 8 am and the rain had not affected sales on Monday evening,\" he added.Girirajan also warned that gold prices have taken a bullish turn, hinting the possibility of a price increase on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12864956", "title": "No land for toilets in Goa: Public Works Department", "text": "PANAJI: The chief engineer of the public works department (PWD) in Goa, J S S Rego, at a meeting of the ministry of drinking water and sanitation held in New Delhi recently, revealed that the state faces the problem of non-availability of land for the construction of latrines and waste management structures.The meeting was held to discuss the annual implementation of central government schemes for sanitation in Goa. \"Even though there are villages in Goa, most of them are urban in nature. Hence, they face land constraints for construction,\" Rego told central government authorities at the meeting. The authorities suggested that Goa could follow a pattern implemented in other states where row toilets have been constructed for individual households on a common area in the village with ownership of each of the latrines to a household.The meeting, held at the conference hall of the ministry of drinking water and sanitation (MDWS), was chaired by the secretary for the Union ministry.\"Since the state government provides financial assistance for the construction of toilets in Goa, we were not able to spend a single penny from the central share in the last three years. The state government gives 22,000 for toilet units and for the SC/ST/OBC/EBC category, the toilet units are constructed free,\" Rego said at the meeting.The secretary for the MDWS inquired about the coverage of toilets in tourist areas and the Western Ghat region of Goa. Officials admitted that all the tourist areas have been covered with toilet facilities and they are concerned about the Western Ghat region, where the population and coverage of toilets are both low.As against the cumulative project objective of 17,935 individual household latrines (IHHL) for BPL, 27,388 IHHL for APL, 731 school toilets and 547 for anganwadi toilets, Goa's achievements are 17,031 for BPL, 17,522 for APL, 446 school toilets and 58 anganwadi toilets. The overall achievement in the construction of individual household latrines for BPL was 94.95%, in case of school toilets 61% and anganwadi toilets 10.6%.Rego reported that while the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan constructs latrines for all schools, the state government constructs latrines for all anganwadis, which is the reason for low achievement under those heads.The state should give priority to for solid and liquid waste management, central government officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864629", "title": "Gujarat Technological University scrutiny panels\u2019 deadline extended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Deadline is nearing for the numerous search committees formed under the leadership of deans to carry out checks in the 450-odd engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA and other technical colleges under the Gujarat Technological University (GTU).Varsity authorities that since half the work is still pending, the committee members have been asked to hasten up and submit the report before the terms of different colleges expire.An official said that different five-member committees had been formed to carry out surprise checks to find the exact situation of infrastructure , staff, and attendance of students and other facilities at different colleges", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12864720", "title": "'Give Shaikh Jina cabinet status'", "text": "MARGAO: The Sahara Muslim Welfare Association of Goa has demanded that the BJP minority cell president, Shaikh Jina, be awarded cabinet status in the BJP-led government given that the Navelim seat was won with his help.The association has further demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar recognize that Jina had been working for more than 15 years for the upliftment of the minority community and that in during that time he had taken up several issues faced by the community.The body has also demanded that the post of a corporation chairperson be given to Azim Khan, who had contested the 2007 assembly elections 'on behalf of the BJP panel' and is part of many Muslim organizations.Led by its president, Sayed Abdul Razak, the Sahara Muslim Welfare Association of Goa has demanded that the post of managing director of Goa Housing Board be given to a Muslim representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12868299", "title": "7 killed, 15 injured in road accident on Jind-Patiala national highway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Seven persons, including five members of a wedding party were killed and 15 others injured in a road accident involving three vehicles, on Narwana-Patiala National Highway (NH) near Belarkhan village of Jind district during wee hours of Wednesday.The incident took place when a jeep carrying 12 members of a wedding party from the Patiala chowk of Jind city rammed into a truck. After the collision, the jeep hit another truck nearby.The collisions were so powerful that five persons of the wedding party identified as Deepak, the driver of ill-fated jeep, Vikas, Mukesh, Bhagwat and Babu Lal died on the spot. While Satnam Singh and Gurjej Singh, the occupants of truck died on the way to hospital.Police have registered a case of rash and negligent driving against the driver of the jeep.While those injured were rushed to nearby hospitals. Condition of three injured was said to be critical. They were referred to PGIMER Rohtak, police said.Soon after the incident, the residents of Belarkhan village rushed to the spot and started relief and rescue operations. By the time police could reach the spot, villagers had rushed the injured to Jind's civil hospital and other hospitals of the city.\" As on now we are in the process of handing over of deadbodies to families. Our teams are recording the statements of those injured,'' police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12863257", "title": "Tackle malnutrition, save kids", "text": "BANGALORE : They are alloutto tackle child malnutrition, which has reached alarming proportions in northern parts of the state . The Forum to End Child Malnutrition, a group of civilsociety organizations and individuals, has called for concerted efforts by governmental and non-governmental agencies to look into it.At the malnutrition forum's first meeting on Tuesday, participants voiced concern over the apathy of the government and its agencies called for monitoring from people . Citing recent statistics, they said of 68,55,801 children below six years in the state, 37,74,267 are enrolled in anganwadis, amounting to 55% of their populaation . Of this, 11,29,947 are moderately malnourished and 71,605 are in severe condition .\"Corruption is one of the reasons for bad quality of food provided in anganwadis, which has been revealed through RTI. Despite the Supreme Court saying no to contracts, the same is continued in the name of capacity building and training . Similarly, packaged food is supplied as against what is freshly cooked. Some of this food is not even fit for cattle,\" Mathew Philip, executivedirector, SICHREM, said during the meeting .Malnutrition is a socio-economic problem affecting the poor, particularly dalits,butis wrongly portrayed as a 'project' by the state and its agencies, they pointed out. \"The government has undertaken some programmes to tackle the problem . A circular was issued last month for supplying milk and eggs to anganwadi children from April 1, but that is yet to be implemented as officials claim no money has been earmarked,\" said Y Mariswamy, state organizer of Samaja Parivartana Janandolana . Mariswamy is one of the members of the committee constituted by the high court to look into the issue.Dr Asha Kilaru of JAAK said a survey in Raichur (500 samples ) said 88% kids are malnourished . She felt other departments like health and family welfare should also be involved in the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12860202", "title": "Punjab and Haryana HC asks govt to form compensation commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday asked Punjab government to set up a compensation commission within one month for the victims of large-scale violence witnessed in some parts of the state in 2009, in the wake of the death of a particular community leader, Sant Ramanandm in Vienna of Austria.The directions were passed by a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed on the issue. In its orders, the bench also specified that such a commission should be headed by a retired judge of the high court and the state government provide appropriate staff to the commission.This commission would invite applications from the victims of violence and after assessment take decision on the mode of recovery of the loss. The HC also directed the state government to widely publicize in print media, asking people to come forward and deport against the culprits.The death of Sant Ramanand in Austria on May 24, 2009, following an attack in a gurdwara in Vienna, had triggered large-scale violence in Jalandhar, Phagwara, Hoshiarpur and some other towns of Punjab. Importantly, it was only after the high court took cognizance of the matter that the police had swung into action and started registering cases.The matter had reached before the HC in December last year through a PIL filed by Phagwara branch of General Samaj Manch (Regd), seeking directions for fixing responsibility of each and every official concerned in the administration for failure to anticipate such violence and punish the culprits.Following HC intervention, 75 cases were registered, around 445 witnesses were identified and statements of around 258 persons recorded so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12860249", "title": "Ruchika Girhotra molestation case: Rathore will have wait for his pension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana DGP SPS Rathore, who is out on bail after a five-month jail term in the infamous Ruchika Girhotra molestation case, will have to wait longer for his pension.While Rathore's pension was to be reinstated three months ago, the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Tuesday asked him to wait at least six months for compliance of orders by the Union ministry of home affairs (MHA). Rathore also sought directions to initiate contempt of court proceedings against the Union home secretary for not releasing his pension.CAT will now hear the case on July 10, if MHA fails to restore his pension by then.Rathore's pension was withheld by the Centre in June 2010, following his conviction in the Ruchika molestation case by a district court in Chandigarh and the Punjab and Haryana high court. Rathore had then moved the Chandigarh bench of CAT, which had ordered restoration of his pension in December last year.In his petition challenging the Centre's decision, Rathore had pleaded that the alleged act of misconduct has not resulted in a pecuniary loss to the Centre or the state government. \"Pension of a person is not a bounty, it is a legal entitlement, which can only be curtailed by an express provision of law and not otherwise,\" Rathore had contended.Comparing his case with that of former Punjab DGP K P S Gill, Rathore had also submitted: \"No order for withholding the pension of KPS Gill, who has also been found guilty of molestation, has been passed. This, despite the fact that the conviction of K P S Gill had attained finality on July 27, 2005, by the apex court.\"Rathore had molested Ruchika on August 11, 1990 and was awarded 18 months rigorous imprisonment on May 25, 2010 by a local court in Chandigarh. Rathore remained behind bars for five months and now is out on bail from the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12859267", "title": "School secretary arrested for sex abuse dies in prison", "text": "MADURAI: A 76-year-old school secretary and hostel warden who had been arrested on charges of sexual harassment died in prison in the early hours on Tuesday morning after he suffered a cardiac arrest. S Krishnan, a retired PA to collector of Tirunelveli district, had been working as the secretary-cum-hostel warden of an aided school in the city. On Monday, five girl students aged 13 submitted a petition to Tallakulam police station on serious charges of Krishnan sexually harassing them. The girls in their petition charged that Krishnan was forcing them to keep the bathrooms open while they were bathing and he used verbally abuse them when they confronted him for his activities.Based on the petition from the girls, Tallakulam police registered cases of wrongful confinement, voluntarily causing hurt, outraging the modesty of women on Krishnan and secured him on Monday morning. He was produced before the magistrate and was locked up in Madurai Central Prison. On Tuesday morning, Krishnan suffered chest pain and had reported it to prison officials. After providing him first aid, he was rushed to Government Rajaji Hopsital where he was declared dead.After the post-mortem, the body was handed over to the relatives.Frustrated relatives who were waiting for the post-mortem in GRH strongly criticised the police action charging that the allegations were false and he was secured in a very hasty manner not even informing the relatives living next to school. K Ravinder, elder son of Krishnan, said that after his retirement from government service, Krishnan was working as secretary of the school for 11 years without any allegations on him. \"The police should have thoroughly investigated the allegations before arresting a man of his age,\" Till date, he was not charged with any such allegations and he spent most of his retired life in the school. The police should have taken time to investigate other students in the hostel or the parents of the school. In stead, they took him into custody, not even informing his daughter living in the next compound. We seriously suspect the sudden death of my father and it should be investigated by the police,\" Ravinder fumed.However, police officials at Tallakulam said the action was taken based on the investigation. \"The action was taken after enquiring with all the five girls who gave a thorough testimony of the incidents,\" an official said.A school staff who did not want to disclose his name said there were 1,600 students in the school and among them 75 students, parentless, were staying in the hostel. \"Krishnan used to be very strict with the students and some of them were very irritated by his strict behaviour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860681", "title": "Consumer body asks SBI to pay compensation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district consumer disputes redressal forum has ordered the State Bank of India to provide compensation to the complainant who had taken loan from the bank for buying a house, but, could not get the original document even after paying back the loan.The forum asked the bank to give back to the complainant the original title deed. In case, the bank cannot do so, it will have to pay Rs 25,000 as compensation to the complainant, along with Rs 10,000 for mental trauma.The complainant had taken a loan of Rs four lakh from SBI . The bank, before giving the loan, had taken the original title deed of the complainant's house as a security. The complainant paid all the instalments from 2002 to 2010. In September 2010, the complainant thought of selling his house, and took Rs 2 lakh in advance from a person, with the agreement to sell the house for Rs 60 lakh.In November 2010, the complainant paid the entire loan and the bank issued a certificate, to him, to this effect, and also said it will return the documents to the complainant. However, when the complainant went to claim his title deed, he was asked to move an application to get the document back.Meanwhile, the person who had given the complainant, the advance amount of money, for buying the complainant's house, demanded the original title deed. After the complainant could not do so, he had to return the advance payment, Rs 3 lakh (instead of Rs 2 lakh that he had taken).The complainant, therefore, knocked the doors of the forum urging that the bank be directed to return the original title deed and also pay Rs 16 lakh as compensation.The bank also said that it issued the no dues certificate to the complainant and was ready to release the documents deposited with them by the complainant. The bank, added that with some ulterior motives the complainant had not taken the documents and also refused to sign the bank's prescribed form.On the basis of the evidence, the forum observed that the complainant was sanctioned loan only after submission of the original title deed with the bank but after the payment of the loan, he went to take back the original title deed then the bank could not deliver the same. Therefore, the bank has committed gross deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861100", "title": "Pavements meant for walkers or vendors?", "text": "PUNE: Shops on either side of the Susie Sorabji Road near collector office make walking on crammed pavements a luxury.Scores of vendors cling to the walls of the Central Building as daily commuters find it easier to walk on the road than pavements. A series of impediments includes umpteen numbers of roadside vendors. The condition is such that a sweeping view would conclude that the pavements were built for vendors. The other suspects are streetlights, trees and electric box junctions.Kishore Gujar, a daily commuter, says, \"There are so many hawkers on this road. It makes it impossible to walk. Besides, there are bus stops to cross as well. A person would have to take the road every 10 meters due to overcrowded pavements. Taking the road might not be safe because during peak hours a glut of cars try to overtake each other.\"The condition of pavements is dire. Mandeep Singh , a government employee, said, \"Footpaths on this road look poverty-stricken and it would be inappropriate to call them pavements for people. They should be broadened because the place is crowded. It is frustrating that we have to walk on roads and tackle traffic and crowd.\"Parents are worried about their children's safety around St. Helena's School area. Sandeep Singh, whose daughter attends the school, said, \"Children have to wait for transport on the road. Since the road is perpetually jam-packed with cars, there is high risk of them getting hurt.\"Pravin Waman Gedam, executive engineer of the Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC), said, \"We had a meeting with all corporators and ward officers last week. We are removing temporary obstacles like construction debris and garbage. We ensure that pavements will be clean. We are looking at other alternatives to provide separate strips to install street lamps and trees. But, this will take time because it is expensive to shift street lamps and bus stops.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861188", "title": "Cops: People should know where towed vehicles go", "text": "GURGAON: Private contractors engaged in the task of towing away vehicles have been asked by the traffic police to prominently display the names of their agencies on roads and places from where they operate so that vehicle owners do not have a tough time locating their vehicles.Around 50-60 challans are issued everyday on MG Road, and cases of vehicle being towed away are quite common.Contractors will also have to display the name of police stations where the vehicles are taken to. These directions were issued in a recent meeting.It has been noticed that vehicle owners remain clueless about which agency to contact to get their vehicles released. While a challan of Rs 100 is issued for wrong parking, another Rs 200 is charged as tow-away fee from owners.According to cops, there are around eight such vehicles which work for the traffic wing at different places in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865010", "title": "Chennai cops to get new digital wireless network", "text": "CHENNAI: The state police will get a digital wireless network system for better communication within the force, it was announced in the budget for the home, prohibition andexcisedepartmentsin the state assembly on Tuesday.The system, which was installed in Salem and Tirunelveli a few months ago and found to be successful, is to be in placein Madurai andCoimbatore soon and will be implemented later in Chennai and Trichy.It will use Terrestrial Trunked Radio (TETRA), a professional mobile radio and two-way transceiver specification designedfor useby government agencies, emergency services (police, fire and ambulance services ), public safety networks, transport services andthe military.\"The project is almost complete in Madurai and Coimbatore where it will be inaugurated soon. The proposal for Chennai and Trichy will start soon,\" P N Mahadevan, managing director of Chennai-based Purple Infotech Limited and project head,told TOI.Inspector-general of police (Tirunelveli ) Karuna Sagar said, \"it helped us track those hanging up on those in the control room after calling '100'. Patrol teams can be directed to the nearest GPS-fitted vehicle to reach a place and resolve the problem in an emergency. A real-time monitor helps police check the movementof patrol vehicles.\"The system will definitely help resolve many problems, said Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy. \"An automaticcalldistribution system in the control room logs in details of complainant calls and action taken on them. Each call is assigned a unique number and details of the complaintstored againstit.Thisis passedon to a policestation or patrol vehicle and the action taken is recorded,\" hesaid.Peoplecan trackthestatus of their complaint by calling the control room at any time. Theconversation between the operator and police official is recorded andloggedfor future reference.The GPS-based Automatic Vehicle Locator tracks the movement of patrol vehicles. TETRA radios in the patrol vehicles are equipped with integrated GPS module and data from these GPS modules are sent to the control room through a Short Data Service at preconfiguredintervals.In Salem and Tirunelveli, sources said, the GPS data of patrol vehicles were plotted on a digital map helping police officers with the required security clearance view the vehicles' position. When a policeofficer receives a callfrom amember of the public,thelocation of the caller along with the position of the nearest patrol vehicle shows up on a computer screen allowing the officer to direct the patrol vehicletothesaidsite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12867390", "title": "HC asks govt to compensate faulty eye-surgery victims", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday directed the state government to pay compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh to persons who had lost their vision completely, and Rs 1.75 lakh to those who lost their eyesight partially after undergoing faulty cataract surgery at the Dharamgarh Sub-Divisional Hospital in Kalahandi in September 2010.A division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra directed the state government to pay the amount to the 16 victims at the earliest. It has also asked the government to conduct a probe into the incident by a secretary-rank officer.The direction came in response to a PIL filed by human rights activist Prabir Das alleging that 16 persons had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract operation at a free eye camp organized by a Sambalpur-based NGO, JMJ Grace vision, at the sub-divisional hospital. The petitioner had sought compensation for the victims who lost their eyesight due to alleged negligence of the authorities.\"The high court has provided justice to the poor victims who lost their eyesight,\" said petitioner Prabir Das.The bench also said that if the probe finds the NGO responsible for the defective surgery, the entire compensation amount would be recovered from it. Along with it, the court has also fixed certain guidelines to be followed before organizing such cataract surgery camps in the state. The bench has stated that the organizations adequately equipped with proper infrastructure and efficient doctors should only be allowed to conduct cataract surgery camps. The bench has directed the state government to monitor the pre and post operative care of the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859318", "title": "Missing girls from Delhi recovered in Nathdwara", "text": "JAIPUR: Three girls who went missing from Prasad Nagar area in New Delhi were recovered by a joint team of Delhi and Rajasthan police from a hotel in Nathdwara town of Rajsamand district on Tuesday.The girls, all minors, did not return home from school on April 14. They were studying in Class 9 at a government girl's school in Prasad Nagar area in New Delhi. The parents soon informed the Delhi police which then constituted a team to search them. who were studying in 9th class in a government girls school situated in Prasad Nagar area in New Delhi did not return home on April, 14 after school and soonafter their parents raising an alarm informed the police. Soon after a team of Delhi police started keeping a tab on their activities.\"The girls were finally traced to Nathdwara town. They had gone to Agra from New Delhi, and then went to Jaipur, Ajmer and finally landed in Nathdwara,\" Narendra Tyaagi, SHO, Prasad Nagar police station, New Delhi told TOI over phone.Tyaagi said, \"These girls did not go to school on April 13. The next day their parents were informed that their wards had bunked school. One of the girls was slapped in front of the teachers. Angry with their parents, all three of them decided to leave home and left Delhi on April 14.\"On the abduction angle, the officer said, \"Prima facie, it appears that the girls had decided to leave home on their own and were not accompanied by any male. We will record their statements once they reach here.\"Meanwhile, Rajsamand police said they had provided every logistic support to the Delhi police to recover the girls. \"They told us that three girls who had gone missing from Prasad Nagar police station area on April 14 have been traced to Nathdwara. We provided them with our men to help find the girls,\" said SP, Rajsamand, Rahul Kotaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865014", "title": "Arjun Rampal adjusts his dates for Gadhavi", "text": "He is back to Mumbai to shoot for a cameo in Sanjay Gadhavi's forthcoming film Ajab Gajab Love.The actor, who has only got busier and was in Bhopal shooting for Prakash Jha's Chakrayvuh, is now in Mumbai for three days. He adjusted his dates from his tight schedule for Sanjay Gadhvi's forthcoming film Ajab Gajab Love.Sanjay Gadhavi has been shooting with Jacky Bhagnani and Nidhi Subbaiah at Mehboob Studios. Arjun joined them on Monday. He shot for his part - a cameo in the film. Arjun will complete shooting today and leave for Bhopal again to join the Chakrayvuh team.Arjun Rampal and Sanjay Gadhavi have never worked together before, but the duo shares a good rapport, irrespective. According to a unit hand, Arjun's part has been kept as a surprise for the viewers.Arjun's presence on the sets delighted all the girls including actress Nidhi Subbaiah. Also, Arjun's effort of managing his dates and making himself available for Ajab Gajab Love has impressed Gadhavi who can't stop thanking him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12867726", "title": "Heritage tag sought for Vivekananda's Shillong house", "text": "SHILLONG: The city chapter of Ramakrishna Mission is keen to have Swami Vivekananda's house in Shillong declared as a heritage site. Saying that a memorandum in this regard would be soon submitted to the chief minister, Swami Achyuteshanandaji Maharaj, secretary of Ramakrishna Mission Shillong, said: \"If the government thinks wisely, it can convert the dilapidated house at Laban where Swamiji stayed into a heritage site. This would attract a lot of tourists to the state, especially from West Bengal.\"Speaking at a press conference at the Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, he added: \"The Mission is prepared to extend all help to the Meghalaya government if it takes steps to declare it as a heritage spot,\" he said. He also said that if the government wanted, it could take possession of the house, even as he informed that a property dispute regarding the site was being sorted out in the courts. \"The litigation is now in a better position,\" he said.The Maharaj also informed that the Mission, which already runs several schools and charitable health centres in the state, would set up an Employability and Entrepreneurship Training Centre at the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre here, the foundation of which would be laid on April 27 next.Swami Vivekananda had visited Shillong in April 1901. The unique sylvan Himalayan range, the lush green forests drenched by beautiful springs, the salubrious climate and the hospitable people attracted him to the hills of evergreen pines, where he could regain his health after a spell of illness. \"He considered this part of his beloved motherland most suited to take care of his health. He lived at the residence of the zamindar (landlord) of Sunamgunj at Laban for about a fortnight at the request of Sir Henry Cotton in April-May 1901,\" said a monk at the Ramakrishna Mission here, which is celebrating its platinum jubilee and the 150th birth anniversary of Swamiji.(Photo caption: Dilapidated house at Laban, Shillong where Swami Vivekananda had stayed in 1901).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860915", "title": "Tea versus milk: Gujarat's tea 'tiger' takes on Amul", "text": "VADODARA: It is not as if nobody in Gujarat - the birthplace of India's White Revolution - cheers tea as India's national drink in the tea versus milk debate.Chairman and managing director of India's third largest packaged tea company -- Wagh Bakri Tea Group -- Piyush Desai has backed deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia's announcement that tea should be accorded national drink status. Adding fuel to the fire in war of words, Desai says milk cannot be considered in beverage category. After Ahluwalia's announcement in Jorhat, the tea capital of India, the US $3 billion Amul, which prides itself on being the 'Taste of India', had pitched milk as national drink, which according to it deserves the place of pride.It was on Saturday last that Ahluwalia announced tea will be accorded national drink status by April 17 next year to coincide with the 212th birth anniversary of the first Assamese tea planter and Sepoy Mutiny leader Maniram Dewan, who was among the first indigenous tea planters in the country .Reacting to this, managing director of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) R S Sodhi insisted that milk should be the national drink as it is world's original energy drink for all age groups and for all healthy nations.\"How can one consider milk in beverage category? Whenever you go to a restaurant and see menu card, you never find milk in the beverages list. The first and primary expectation from a beverage is that it will be giving joy or delight and tea, the common man's drink in India, does that,\" Desai, countering Amul, told TOI. Backing Ahluwalia, Desai says tea is only second to railways when it comes to providing employment. Around 2 million labourers are associated with the tea industry with over 50 per cent women.\"In state like Gujarat, where prohibition policy is in place, it is tea that has fulfilled the responsibility of an energy drink. Milk is an inevitable commodity but it is nowhere in the race of beverages,\" says Desai, who heads the Rs 600 crore Gujarat Tea Processors and Packers Limited, accounting for sale of 28 million kilogram of tea, of which 75 per cent is consumed in Gujarat.He also believes that if GOI declares tea as national drink, tea industry will get incentives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863291", "title": "Prasanna and Sneha do it to create awareness", "text": "The bride and groom have done a very noble deed to create awareness in the society. They were not just guests at the music show conducted by musician Benny Dayal for SAGA Trust but also donated their organs.Prasanna and Sneha said that they donated the organs to create awareness in the society that their organs can help save a number of lives after their death. The couple added that people have been showering them with affection and love and they wanted to do something in return.Celebrities donating their organs are surely to have an impact among the public and Prasanna and Sneha have just done that.It is worth mentioning here that Kamal Haasan had also donated his organs sometime ago.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12863710", "title": "Oracle: Demand for database machines in India good", "text": "NEW DELHI: Oracle claimed it is experiencing strong demand for its Exadata database machines in India. However, the company did not disclose the number of machines sold so far in India.Exadata database machines are a part of Oracle's engineered systems family, which are designed to help organizations simplify their IT infrastructure.In past couple of years, Oracle registered a triple digit growth in sales of Exadata. It has so far sold nearly 2000 machines in 67 countries, including India, making it the fastest growing product in Oracle's 32 years of existence.\"We continue to convert the strong market demand as more and more organizations are turning to Oracle Exadata to enhance performance, reliability and scalability of their online transaction processing (OLTP) and data warehousing applications, whilst simplifying the deployment and management of their IT infrastructure\" said Christopher G. Chelliah, vice-president, Exadata and strategic solutions, Oracle Asia Pacific.In India, Oracle Exadata has been adopted by customers across industries like telecom, banking financial services and insurance (BFSI), pharmaceutical and manufacturing. Some of its biggest customers in past one year were Mahindra Satyam, Religare, Reliance Commercial Finance, MTS, Bank of Baroda and Stock Holding Corporation.\"We started selling Exadata in India around a year and a half back. In this short period, we have seen a very solid traction for this product from all industry verticals, across all regions in the country. Customers who are already running Oracle database are looking at Exadata very closely,\" said Sheshagiri Anegondi, vice-president, technology business, Oracle India.Oracle had launched Exadata database machines three years ago as its first converged infrastructure offering, which comes pre-configured with hardware and software engineered to work together. Exadata can run Oracle database applications seamlessly without lengthy and expensive project run times, thus promising a better ROI (return on income) for customers within a 12-18 month timeframe.In RDBMS (relational database management system) market, Oracle claims to enjoys leadership in market share both in India and globally. As per the Gartner 2011 Worldwide RDBMS Market Share Report, Oracle has 48.8 per cent market share based on total software revenue. Oracle grew at 18 per cent, exceeding both the industry average (16.3 per cent) and its closest competitors. Its market share is more than the next four competitors combined in the RDBMS market, as per the report.RDBMS is a database management system based on a relational model. Most popular databases currently in use are based on this model.Over the years, the vast majority of enterprise IT architectures have dealt with piecemeal technology solutions. IT departments have put together layers of products and services that often don't integrate, leaving the organizations with a complex IT infrastructure. Some analysts estimate as much as 80% of the yearly IT budget of organizations is spent in ongoing operations and maintenance, leaving too little money to invest in innovation.Oracle family of engineered systems includes Exadata database machine, Exalogic Elastic Cloud, SPARC SuperCluster T4-4, Exalytics In-Memory machine and database appliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13050876", "title": "I'm a huge fan of KKR: Usha Uthup", "text": "Draped in her ever graceful kanjeevaram sari and sporting trademark bindi with Bangla alphabet 'Ka' etche on it to show support for her home city, Kolkata, Usha Uthup was in her usual element when LT congratulated her for getting Best Female Playback Singer award and this year's Filmfare's for her song \"Darling\" in \"Saat Khoon Maaf\", which is also incidently her first award she has got from the Hindi film industry.\"You saw it on TV. It was fabulous!\" says the singer who has sung in 17 Indian languages and in some foreign ones too. The announcement came as icing on the cake for the effervesent singer, who was also awarded Padam Bhushan by government, last year. Asked if she felt overlooked by the industry despite lending her distinct voice to many popular tracks like \"Ramba Ho\", \"Hari Om Hari\" in a career stretching over 42 years and she replies nonchalantly, \"My priority has always being singing and being on stage, be it a studio or anywhere else. Also, You can't say anything to anybody if you are not performing yourself. I have no axe to grind with anybody anyway.\"Time and again, the music directors in Bollywood have been accused of lifting music and presenting themselves as their own creation. Latest in the chain was Pritam, accused for lifting one particular song out of an Iranian band's album. Though the things got sorted out ultimately, the question still remains whether there is a lack of creativity in Bollywood. Usha differs on the topic. \"I has happening for so long now. RD (Burman), Bappi Lahiri used to do to it all the time. But in those days, nobody used to notice it as there was no Internet. Communication has become so developed now that you can't really hide anything,\" opines the singer.She also took the opportunity to chide the singers, those are increasingly being vocal against the onslaught of talent from across the border. \"I think people should have everything on the table and then let them decide if they want to listen to it or not. They (people) are not idiots. I don't know why they (the singers) say things like that. They are only putting themselves it bad light.\"With piracy being another buzzword in the industry currently, we asked her whether creativity should be free and Usha says, \"Well its a nice thing na,\" and laughs off before adding, \"On a more serious note, I think if you flood the market with a product at affordable rates, in terms of market size, there should be less cases of piracy.\" Asked if she everr downloaded a song off Internet, since Usha is known to be tech savvy, the singer quickly replies, \"I won't do it. I'll go and buy.\"Usha is generally known for her raspy voice and high pitched songs, she incidently likes to listen to soft, melodious songs in her free time. Ask who is her favourite singer from the current lot and she replies, \"I love to hear KK, thought he is has been in the field for sometime now and Javed Ali. Both are very talented. I also loved \"Kolaveri D\". It was simply superb and very good experiment too. Thats why I say let it all come. How will you know what you want to listen to until all that is there comes (on table).\"Since IPL is on and Usha's love for cricket is well known, we couldn't resist our temptation to probe her on her fvourite IPL team. \"It's team Kolkata obviously. I'm a huge fan of KKR. Recently I wore a purple sari during a match to show my support for the team. Though our team lost that match and but Shah Rukh called me later and I said no worries, we will win the next one,\" singer says with a grin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12859713", "title": "Local feuds deepen Congress-IUML rift", "text": "MALAPPURAM: While the top leaders of the Congress and the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) have been busy calling ceasefire to their feud, skirmishes between the workers of both parties continue at the grassroots level.On Monday night, a group of IUML and Congress workers clashed at Kondotty at a reception organized for the Yuvajanayatra led by Congress leader P C Vishnunath.The rift between the two parties is so wide here that the IUML has decided to move a no-trust motion against the UDF-led Moothedam grama panchayat in Nilambur with the support of four CPM members. The IUML had alleged that the president P Usman of the Congress was conspiring against an IUML panchayat member. The UDF has 11 members: seven from Congress and four from IUML.State leaders of both parties have been trying to resolve the issue in the panchayat. But the talks failed when a group of unidentified persons attacked the house of an IUML panchayat member Sabna Shanawas on Sunday evening. Following the incident IUML workers pelted stones at the panchyat president's house. Police arrested seven youth congress activists in connection with the violence.Though the difference between the two parties in Nilambur has a long history, the immediate reason for its escalation is the opposition of Nilambur MLA and veteran Congress leader Aryadan Muhammed to IUML's demand for fifth minister.Meanwhile, in Tirurangadi panchayat both parties have decided to field their own candidates for the ward 22 bypoll to be held on May 14. The rift in the UDF in this panchayat started in December 2011 when the IUML-led civic body moved a no-trust motion against Poonhadan Fathima, the vice-president of panchayat and a Congress member.In Vazhakkad panchayat, the uneasy relationship between the two parties became an open feud when a group of Youth Congress workers marched to the house of IUML leader E T Muhammed Basheer opposing a fifth minister for the party. Since September 2011, the Congress workers here have been nursing a grudge against IUML for moving a no-confidence motion against panchayat vice-president and Congress member Alungal Amina. Later P Sharafunneesa of IUML was elected as vice-president in a voting that was boycotted by the five panchayat members of the Congress.Similar power tussles have erupted in UDF-led panchayats of Moonniyur, Abdul Rahman Nagar, Thennala, and Vallikkunnu. However the IUML district secretary Abdul Hameed said the local-level issues in UDF would be resolved soon through a district-level talks between the two parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12865099", "title": "Kadamba Transport Corporation fares peak with season", "text": "MARGAO: Fares for interstate travel on Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) buses will not be uniform 365 days a year. The loss making corporation has taken a conscious decision to hike fares during the peak season to cash in on the demand for seats from passengers.KTC officials said prices are hiked during the peak season to remain competitive and be profitable, but that they have still kept fares below the maximum the corporation can charge. They added that the hike was necessary given that KTC was suffering from losses and needed to recover quickly.\"We have kept these (increased) rates during the peak season only. April is peak time. If you check the maximum rates as per stage carriage we can charge around 1,075 but we have kept our rates at 1,000,\" KTC managing director Venancio Furtado told TOI.When pointed out that KTC rates are higher than what private bus operators are charging, he said, \"Unlike private operators, our rates do no fluctuate and we keep the rates listed on our website,\" Furtado said, pointing out that private buses play with their rates.\"Generally, for working days or for weekends we check with market data and try to earn the maximum fare available,\" Furtado added.The last week has been one such period that saw a surge in the number of tourists arriving in the state. Many of those who chose to travel by KTC were unpleasantly surprised by the hike in prices of interstate bus tickets.\"I went out of my way to buy a KTC bus ticket as I thought it was safer and cheaper given that it's a government run enterprise but it was more expensive than other buses,\" Bradley Dias, who had come to Goa to attend a function, said.For instance, the price of a Volvo AC bus seat from Mumbai to Goa for Wednesday is priced at 1,000.Last Sunday, travellers to Goa paid 800 for the service on a private Volvo bus operator.On Tuesday many travelers were seen opting for private Volvo services whose tickets were around Rs 650. \"I have a family of four and I end up saving Rs 600 if I take a private bus,\" Margao resident Shyam Lotlikar, who was leaving to Mumbai on Tuesday evening, said.From P1The fare for a similar KTC bus from Goa to Bangalore or Pune was Rs 1,000, while a ticket to Shirdi was priced at Rs 950.Newly appointed KTC chairman Carlos Almeida said that if there were complaints from customers he would take it up at the next board meeting. \"In my opinion, KTC prices should be on par with the other rates but it is equally important to note that KTC can be competitive through the services and rates offered by them,\" Almeida said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858697", "title": "Year on, govt faces cluster of new costs", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the Delhi government proposed the bus cluster scheme, the perception was that its major financial component would be the fare per km that would be paid to the concessionaire per bus. With revenue coming in from each bus, it was to be a simple scheme where the revenue would go towards paying the concessionaire - the government only chipping in with the difference between actual operational costs and the concessionaire's fee. A year down the line, more and more cost heads seem to be cropping up.A major component is the depot space and infrastructure that need to be provided. The government has to pay crores not only for the land but also the infrastructure on it. A senior government official said, \"It is a substantial capital cost, especially for the infrastructure that will be built for the concessionaire. Parking space is only a part of the infrastructure: maintenance and basic operational areas are also built in the building.\"Interestingly, in the original agreement, the government paid the concessionaire Rs 46.50 per km for the first cluster - as it ran low floor buses - and Rs 33 per km for the rest of the clusters. Now the government is paying more as CNG prices have gone up. The fare per km is Rs 53 per km and Rs 38 per km respectively. Additionally, the government is paying the MCD around Rs 17 crore annually for the depot space at Sunehri and Kushak Nulla. \"The infrastructure being built there would cost the government another Rs 5-10 crore. This is besides the depot space that we would have to build for the other clusters,\" said the official.That's not all. Recently, DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System), the consultant agency that is implementing the cluster project, also asked for payment for its operational services. A senior government official said, \"In the current cluster model, the concessionaire only provides the bus and the driver. There is a component of payment for operational services, which ideally the concessionaire would pay to DIMTS. But this amount is going to be paid by the government now.\"In the cluster model, DIMTS operates the services and also provides personnel in the form of conductors along with technical support like GPS and ETM. It's for these services that it wants to charge the government. \"The costs of the cluster scheme are going up,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "12860526", "title": "Ex-panchayat member held with fake notes", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Police on Monday night arrested former Congress panchayat member Isha Hoque Ali from Dhulian ferryghat and seized fake currencies amounting to Rs 2 lakh. The accused confessed to police that he got the currencies - all notes of Rs 1,000 denomination -from Bangladesh.Isha was elected gram panchayat member twice but faced defeat in the last rural polls. According to Ali's statement, poverty forced him to join this racket. \"Acting on a tip, a team from Samsergunj police station under the leadership of OC Utpal Majumdar rounded up Isha Hoque Ali from Dhulian. He has promised to help police in busting the racket and provide whatever information he has,\" said Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir. TNNMurshidabad district police suspect the racketeers have shifter their route from Lalgola and Jalangi border to Malda. A central intelligence officer said, \"These fake currency rackets are controlled mainly by ISI agents. They are procuring such fresh fake currencies either from Bangladesh or Nepal . They have set up one mint in a delta on Padma. Such rackets are conspiring to weaken Indian economy.\" \"We have started conducting raids more frequently. Police are active to keep these anti-social elements at bay. Anyone found involved would be punished for conspiring against the nation,\" Kabir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12865048", "title": "Facebook, Twitter made me famous: Kim Kardashian", "text": "LONDON: Reality TV star Kim Kardashian says she doesn't think she would be famous without the internet because that enable her to interact directly with her fans.The 31-year-old socialite is one of the world's most recognisable women and believes her fame is down to social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook, Femalefirst reported.\"I think a lot of our fan base and a lot of our connection with people is internet based. I think that the internet has brought on a different kind of celebrity.\"We are very well aware of who we are and what our place is. We are so active on twitter, on our Facebook pages, we are writing back, we are connecting. We enjoy it,\" she said.Kardashian, who shot to fame after her sex tape with then boyfriend Ray J leaked online in 2003, said she enjoys hitting back at the people who abuse her on Twitter.\"I love writing them back. People will write me, 'My phone battery lasts longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage,' and I'll write back, 'Oh, which phone is that?'\"When people are so stupid, you just have to have fun with it. Someone [without a profile photo] will say I'm fat, or a hairy Armenian, and I'll write back, 'Oh, that egg picture of yours is so gorgeous'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12859292", "title": "Cow dung, human excreta mix with this pond water", "text": "VARANASI: If you take a holy dip in this kund, it has the capacity to treat skin diseases, claims Bhajan Lal, a local native residing near mythological Suraj Kund in the heart of the city. However, a closer look at the water (already turning green due to algae) of the kund could be enough to raise suspicion over the claim.With no signboards visible to indicate the existence of mythological Suraj Kund near Nai Sarak, one has to pass through narrow and serpentine gullies emanating foul smell from choked and overflowing sewer and open drains in the area to reach this kund.While cow dung and polythene could be seen scattered in the area, when TOI visited the kund, the space outside the pathway (surrounding the kund), which was constructed two years ago, was found to be filled with animal excreta and urine. Similarly, in spite of the construction of a cemented boundary wall interspersed with iron grills, there was no stopping dumping of garbage in the kund. Even the water of the kund had turned green due to mushrooming of algae, some of which was floating in the kund. Collecting a bucket (made of bamboo sticks) full of algae that had grown in the kund, Shobit Yadav, one of the locals of the area, expressed concern over the lack of care and maintenance of the kund. \"We have formed a team of volunteers to ensure a cleanliness drive at least once a week. Usually, Sunday is chosen for the drive as the day is devoted to the Sun God after who the kund has been name. It is one of the oldest and mythological kunds in the city and it is believed that grandson of Lord Krishna brought the kund to Kashi through austerity. If the local people become aware, the sanctity and holiness of the kund could be stored,\" added the man. Yadav also looks after rituals and puja at the temple of Sun God.It might be mentioned here that after the imitative of local natives , the fortunes of the kund began to change after 2004. A massive cleanliness drive, wiping out weeds and encroachments on the kund premises, restored the original look of the kund besides nullifying the efforts of land sharks that had kept their hawk's eyes on the potentially rich area of the kund. The district administration also swung into action in 2009, giving instructions to agencies concerned to come up with details of condition of water bodies after physical verification and restore their original look. Later, the kund witnessed resurrection and beautification under the revitalisation of the Varanasi project of the tourism department.According to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, the kund has witnessed resurrection, strengthening and beautification from all sides and now it is up to the local residents and the Varanasi Nagar Nigam to look after its maintenance.However, Sanjay Yadav, another local native of the area, maintained that despite efforts of the locals, the area outside the kund remains unhygienic, enough to turn away devotees and tourists. The opening of drains discharging urine, cow dung and other wastes are made towards the pathway of the kund. \"The cattle sheds have also mushroomed in the area, taking away the beauty and sheen of the mythological kund. If a curb is not placed on these tendencies, the efforts to clean the kund will be of no use,\" he added.It would be worth mentioning that after reports of encroachment near the kund, the entire area was covered with iron grills and pathways were constructed to check infiltration as well as encroachment on the kund premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12867968", "title": "Air Force corporal commits suicide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Anil Kumar, a 25-year old corporal with the Indian Air Force, reportedly committed suicide after hanging himself from a ceiling fan in his house in Sector 28 on Monday night. The incident came to light when Air Force officials went to Anil's house to check on him because he had not responded to repeated phone calls made to him. Police said Air Force officials entered the house after breaking open the door and found his body hanging from the ceiling fan.The deceased was a native of Kanpur district in Uttar Pradesh and had got married around a year ago. His wife and parents, who live in Kanpur have been informed about his death by the Air Force officials.The body was kept in the mortuary of Government Multi-Specialty Hospital, Sector 16, while inquest proceedings have been initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860778", "title": "High order worries academicians", "text": "LUCKNOW: The quality of higher education continues to be a major area of concern for the state government. Universities and colleges in the state are already reeling under acute shortage of teachers and principals, and further cancellations of 157 appointments of principals by the Allahabad High Court on Monday have made the academicians a worried lot.Though experts welcomed the high court order of keeping aside the appointments, they unanimously say that the government should expedite the selection process, so that quality of education can be maintained. The appointments made in 2007 and 2008 did not follow the rules of UP Higher Education Service Commission Amendment Act, June 17, 2008, in which selection for the posts of principals were to be made through written test followed by an interview. The selections which have been cancelled were made only through interviews.At present, a total of 173 out of 282 posts of principals and 2,300 out of 12,514 posts of lecturers are lying vacant in 331 government-aided colleges in UP. In Lucknow University, out of 516 posts, 142 are lying vacant. Moreover, there are several departments in government-aided colleges that are running without a teacher. These include department of statistics in DAV Degree College, department of botany in Nari Shiksha Niketan and department of Urdu and social work in Vidyant Hindu Degree College. The concern is also for the departments, which are being run single-handedly for years now.\"Absolutely no appointments are being made in the colleges. The post that was lying vacant 10 years back has not been filled up till now. In such a scenario, expecting quality education is out of question,\" lamented a college teacher.Principal, National PG College, SP Singh said, \"The government has to take an immediate step, so that vacant posts are filled up. With number of students increasing every year and those of teachers going down, the colleges in UP are suffering from skewed teacher-student ratio.\"Suggesting a way out to the problem, former president of Lucknow University Associated Colleges Teachers Association (LUACTA) Moulindu Mishra said, \"Government should dissolve the UP Higher Education Service Commission (UPHESC) and allow the college management to fill up the vacant seats. The selection process should include a government representative. This way appointment will be made as soon as a seat is vacant.\" He added that in the past five years, UPHESC has only made 500 appointments.The 157 cancellations include 81 posts for post graduate (PG) college principals (male), 17 for PG college principals (female), 42 for degree college principals (male), and 12 for degree college principals (female). In Lucknow, 10 appointments were made, out of which two principals are affected with the order. This includes Vinita Singh, principal of AP Sen Girls Degree College and Sandhya Singh, principal of Nari Shiksha Nitekan. The remaining eight did not join.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12867831", "title": "Mobile theft case: Lecturers submit reply, seek fair probe", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the mobile \"theft'' case, involving a student and staff of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Ghumar Mandi, getting murkier with each passing day, three lectures on Tuesday submitted their replies with the principal, saying \"it's a conspiracy'' and that the matter be probed thoroughly and impartially. The principal had asked four lecturers to submit their replies by Wednesday.This came after the student, Sahil Gupta, whose mobile was \"stolen'', again took a U-turn and wrote a letter to the principal, saying that the three lecturers - Manjeet Singh Komal, Barinderjeet Singh Birdi and Hargunjot Kaur - had not instigated him, rather lecturer Gurpreet Singh had pressurised him to write a letter against the three.Meanwhile, Hargunjot lodged a complaint with the police commissioner and station house officer of division number 5, saying that some miscreants pelted her car with stones while she was on her way home on Monday night.She said she suspected it to be the handiwork of Gurpreet, who is accused of mobile theft.\"The incident was the fallout of the complaint against Gurpreet by Sahil,\" she added. With the mobile \"theft'' case, involving a student and staff of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Ghumar Mandi, getting murkier with each passing day, three lectures on Tuesday submitted their replies with the principal.\"I fear he might plan more such attacks on my family and me... I seek police protection,'' lecturer Hargunjot Kaur said.On Tuesday, the cops asked the principal to send Gurpreet to the police station, as he was not present on the campus when they went there to question him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860440", "title": "No evidence of Rajiv Gandhi taking bribe: Bofors whistleblower", "text": "NEW DELHI: The whistleblower in the Bofors case has made his identity known after 25 long years. In an exclusive interview, former Swedish Police chief Sten Lindstrom has owned up being the 'Swedish Deep Throat' in the illegal payoffs case that once rocked both India and Sweden. Now a quarter of a century later, investigations lie buried, despite coming tantalizingly close to blowing the lid off the sensational scandal.Lindstrom says in an interview to the journalist who had broken the story, Chitra Subramanian, that there was no evidence to suggest that former PM Rajiv Gandhi had taken bribe in the Bofors deal. However, he did not seem to have done much to prevent the cover up that followed in both India and Sweden to protect the main accused, Ottavio Quattrocchi, against whom, says Lindstrom, there was conclusive evidence.Lindstrom has revealed that he was the person who leaked over 350 documents to the Indian journalist. He was the journalist's secret informant who operated under the pseudonym of Swedish Deep Throat.\"Many Indian institutions were tarred, innocent people were punished while the guilty got away,\" says Lindstrom. \"The evidence against Ottavio Quattrocchi was conclusive. Through a front company called AE Services, bribes paid by Bofors landed in Quattrocchi's account which he subsequently cleaned out because India said there was no evidence linking him to the Bofors deal. Nobody in Sweden or Switzerland was allowed to interrogate him.\"In the interview, appearing in a website The Hoot, Lindstrom says, \"Ardbo (Bofors managing director) had also mentioned a meeting between an AE Services official and a Gandhi trustee lawyer in Geneva. This was a political payment. These payments are made when the deal has to be inked and all the numbers are on the table.\"Lindstrom's 'disclosures' are known in India, examined even by courts and brushed aside, and the timing of the disclosure that he was the 'Deep Throat' for the exposes on Bofors scam is certain to trigger some speculation about his motive.Quattrocchi was discharged in 2009 by the court which observed that the CBI, which withdrew prosecution against him, had failed to \"put forward legally sustainable evidence with regard to conspiracy in the matter''.In fact, Lindstrom goes on to suggest that the Gandhi family may have gone out of his way to protect Quattrocchi. \"He (Ardbo) had written in his notes that the identity of N (Arun Nehru) becoming public was a minor concern but at no cost could the identity of Q (Quattrocchi) be revealed because of his closeness to R (Rajiv Gandhi).\"Lindstrom gives a clean chit to Amitabh Bachchan and his family saying that the story against them was planted in Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter by Indian investigators. \"They gave me a list of names to pursue including the name of Amitabh Bachchan... During that trip to Sweden, the Indian investigators planted the Bachchan angle on DN,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12863828", "title": "After CAG censure, Maharashtra govt starts process of creating land data bank", "text": "MUMBAI: The revenue department has begun the process of creating a data bank on all government land in the state.This measure follows a stricture in the recent CAG's report that data on land given on lease is not available with the department.Swadhin Kshatriya, principal secretary, revenue and forests department, said they had taken the CAG's comment seriously and wanted to ensure that the government had a data bank of its land.\"The data bank will be created at various levels such as the village, tehsil, collector and sub-division,\"Not only are we going to collect data on land which is with the government but also that which has been given for various purposes as well as the terms and conditions on which they were given,''he said.The long-term aim, he said, was to monitor how the land was being used and whether the terms and conditions set by the government were being followed.During the recent legislative session, speaker Dilip Walse-Patil had directed the state government to order a CBI inquiry after it was brought to the notice of the House how the city collectorate had woken up 17 years after the lease agreement for a 75,000 sq feet plot in Mazgaon had expired.On Monday, the department issued a circular to all departments dealing with land to update their records on land given on lease, the status of lease, the rent being charged and whether the lease conditions had been violated.The CAG report brought out irregularities in land allotment to various educational institutes promoted by politicians. It was critical of the government for failing to collect rent from these leased plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12864990", "title": "Ex-boxer punches wife to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 50-year-old former boxer who punched his wife to death suspecting her fidelity surrendered before the Kolathur police station late on Monday night.Police said the man, Shanthan, suspected that his wife Krishnaveni was having an affair with their neighbour. Shanthan was an alcoholic, police said, and his wife admitted him to a de-addiction centre at Kolathur last month. On Monday afternoon, he came out of the de-addiction centre alleging that she deliberately took him to the centre to spend time with her lover. The couple started arguing, and he punched her on the nose and head, leaving her bleeding profusely.A police officer said Shanthan, who was drunk at the time of the tussle, slept next to the body of his wife for three hours, without realizing that she was dead. Waking up at 5.30pm, he locked his house and went to village panchayat president Krishnamoorthy to say what had happened. Krishnamoorthy took him to the Kolathur police station where he confessed to the crime.\"Shanthan said he repented his act and begged the police to save him from being punished,\" said a senior officer. Shanthan has represented the district in boxing matches, and is trained in other martial arts. As he grew older, he started selling balloons in the neighbourhood to support the family. Shanthan's son Murugavel is a share autorickshaw driver in the locality , police said.Kolathur Police have registered a murder case and remanded Shanthan in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12859967", "title": "Delhi's alternative to Bluelines tripping up", "text": "NEW DELHI: In May 2011, the Delhi government launched the vaunted bus cluster scheme which promised to give the city a clean and modern alternative to the \"killer\" Bluelines. A year later, the scheme seems headed for a spectacular failure. Of the 6,600 buses promised by 2013, only 247 have hit the road till now.With the deadline approaching, the city's transport department has been flip-flopping on the launch of new clusters of the distinctive orange buses. This year, it has launched just around 50 buses on three new routes so far. Of the 17 clusters that were to be operational, only one, three, four and five are running.Clusters six to nine have been in the offing for several months now even as the transport department keeps talking about increasing the number of buses on Delhi roads every month. But the pronouncements have remained just that, and with each passing month of inaction the scheme slides further behind schedule.The Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System (DIMTS), which manages the bus cluster scheme for the city government, says more clusters will be launched once depot space is made available. At present, DIMTS parks the cluster buses at three locations - Millennium Park, Kanjhawala and Banda Bahadur Marg depots. It is hoping to get space at Sunehripula and Kushak Nullah soon.\"Once depot space is made available, more buses can be made operational under the clusters,\" the DIMTS spokesperson said.However, parking remains a mirage as both DTC and bus clusters fight for space. Said a senior DTC official, \"Buses under the clu8ster scheme have already been allotted space at Millennium Park. More space in this depot and elsewhere is not possible as DTC itself is facing a space crunch.\"Adding to the problems is the fact that both DTC and the MCD have demanded rent from DIMTS for using land owned by them for parking.The depots for cluster buses are being identified, constru8cted and maintained by the Delhi government out of its own funds.Under the cluster scheme, the concessionaire gets paid Rs 53 per km for low-floor buses, and Rs 38 per km for semi low-floor buses irrespective of the revenue generated from running these buses.While maintenance of the buses is the responsibility of the concessionaire, the onus of providing parking space rests with the government. In 2007, when DIMTS was asked to design the revenue model, advise the government, issue tenders and select private firms to run buses under the scheme, the need to identify depot space was not factored in.As a result, space is at a premium. Said a senior government official, \"A 10-acre plot was allotted in Rohini earlier this month where around 200 buses can be parked. However, building the depot facilities there will take time.\"Increasing CNG prices have also played truant with the scheme, say government sources. \"With prices going up, the per-km rate has had to be revised,\" said a government official. \"But since the number of buses is small, the revenue is not keeping pace.\"DIMTS says the cluster buses run with 99% efficiency, generating revenue between Rs 7,800-8,000 per bus per day. However, it's too early to speak numbers say sources, as the whole fleet is not operational yet. \"With only 247 buses, efficiency and revenue generation cannot really be gauged effectively,\" added the official.At a time when the government has been encouraging Delhiites to use the public transport system, such lack of adequate preparation could prove costly. This is more than apparent from the fact that the scheme has undergone significant changes since its launch.In May 2011, when the first 17 cluster buses in cluster 1 rolled out, two were air-conditioned (with purple paint) while the rest were regular low-floor buses. By the time the next cluster rolled out in November 2011, the low-floor buses had made way to semi low-floor vehicles. There were no AC buses.Transport department officials say that henceforth all cluster buses will be semi low-floor and non-AC, a far cry from DTC buses which are predominantly low-floor. But that may seem like a small price as long as the city gets these buses.The cluster scheme was mooted after Blueline buses were involved in a spate of accidents in the city. Eager to phase out the \"killer\" buses, the Delhi government had informed the high court that the city would get 11,000 buses by 2010. The government had in an affidavit claimed that private buses under the cluster scheme along with the DTC fleet, in the ratio of 60:40, would cater to the needs of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12866662", "title": "Facebook claims to have 901m users", "text": "WASHINGTON: Facebook has said it has 901 million users and is likely that it'll pass the one billion user mark well before the end of this year. The company, which displayed the statistics in its amended S-1 filing , also said that its network receives 3.2 billion comments per day and 300 million new photos daily.The site also claims 125 billion friendships are forged daily. Of the 901 million users, 526 million were described as daily active users in March. Some 488 million people also used Facebook mobile products that month, according to the filing.Facebook, meanwhile, said its first-quarter profit fell 12% as operating costs almost doubled. Net income fell to $205 million in the three months through March this year, the Menlo Park , California-based Facebook said in a regulatory filing. Sales climbed 45%to $1.06 billion, a slowdown from 55% in the December period.Expenses surged to $677 million, reflecting higher costs of helping marketers reach Facebook's growing user base. The company may struggle to reach EMarketer's projection for 2012 sales of $6.1 billion as it awaits the full impact of new tools aimed at wringing more money from advertisers, said Debra Aho Williamson, who helped construct the researcher's estimate.\"Facebook has a pretty steep hill to climb to meet the expectations that we set out,\" Williamson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12859368", "title": "Building flouting norms in Trichy sealed", "text": "TRICHY: In a move against violations in building construction, the local planning authority (LPA) of Trichy has sealed a under construction multi-storeyed building on the banks of Kollidam river here on Tuesday, as the builders failed to obtain due permission from the authority.The multi-storeyed building, 'Swarnaboomi', was proposed to have 150 housing flats and a departmental store spread over an area of 1,72,245 sq ft and 25,260 sq ft respectively. The sealed building was currently under construction for the past few months on the banks of Kollidam river in Pichandaarkovi village. The building is owned by Arockiasamy, Ganesan, Mahendran and Kavitha, B Yogaraj, member secretary of LPA, Trichy said.According to government rules, the president of village panchayats can approve the plans for the construction of buildings up to one floor with 4,000 sq ft for residential and one floor with 2,000 sq ft for commercial establishments. Likewise, the LPA is entitled to give permission for the construction of buildings in four floors for 50 housing flats and four floors not exceeding 25,000 sq ft for other purposes. Hence, the plan approval for constructing more than four floors can only be permitted by the commissioner of town and country planning, Chennai.On the contrary, the then village panchayat president of Pichandarkovil G Pachaiyappan on July 7, 2011 unmindful of the rules had approved the plan for this project. So, the construction work commenced three months back, added Yogaraj.\"Actually it should have been sent for approval to the commissioner of town and country planning with permission from the district collector and the LPA. Since the commencement of the construction, the LPA so far issued notice twice to the owners of the building. But it did not yield any response from their side. In the meantime, the construction of the ground floor was over and the first floor started functioning. Hence, they cracked the whip by sealing down the building,\" Yogaraj added. Further, the builders violated the rules once again by not obtaining a no objection certificate from the public works department (PWD) to construct the building on the bank of Kollidam river, according to a press statement.In the meantime, a case is still pending in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court in connection with the ownership of the above said land. Certain Ramaraj filed a case in the court claiming that the land belongs to Sri Varadharja Perumal temple. Some petitions were received in this regard from others also.Yogaraj also said that they would keep vigil on such violation and the stringent action will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863598", "title": "Samvritha to the power of 3", "text": "Actress Samvritha Sunil is at an all-time career high with three back-to-back releases lined up next monthMollywood tradition has it that once an actress announces her plans of marriage, she would quietly go about finishing all pending projects before the big day. But actress Samvritha Sunil is on an overdrive, what with three back-to-back releases lined up for release and a few more films at hand before she ties the knot in November this year.\"Three back-to-back releases - Mallu Singh, Diamond Necklace and Arike - in May with three superhit directors (Vysakh, Lal Jose and Shyamaprasad respectively) and roles as different as can be. This is a first of sorts in my career,\" says the excited actress. She plays a \"vibrant, smart, new generation girl\" in Arike, while Diamond Necklace sees here play a high profile fashion designer romancing Mollywood's current heartthrob, Fahadh Faasil. \"I had a whale of a time playing Maya, a Malayali fashion designer from Paris whose life takes a different turn while she is in Dubai ,\" says Samvritha, who will be moving to California post wedding to software professional Akhil. \"But as long as I'm around, I am going to rock the scene,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12861216", "title": "Tasmac selling liquor at marked-up prices: PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that liquor and chilled beer were being sold at an inflated price at Tasmac outlets and bars attached to them in Tamil Nadu, a public interest writ petition wanted the high court to direct the state-owned liquor retailer to issue bills for liquor purchases.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam refused to issue such orders, but asked the authorities to take action if the petitioner submits fresh representation in that regard.In his petition, Varaaki of Iyyappanthangal submitted that supervisors, salesmen and bar owners colluded with each other in refusing to sell the brands required by the customers. Instead, such customers are directed to purchase them from the attached bar, where the price is 5 to 10 more than the MRP. Pointing out that Tasmac outlets do not have refrigerators or freezers, Varaaki said consumers are thereby forced to buy chilled beer from the attached bar at a higher price.Together, the 32,000-odd employees working in the 6,200-odd Tasmac outlets made about 30 crore annually, and it is illegal enrichment, the PIL said. If customers protest the practice, police complaints are lodged and they are threatened, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12863773", "title": "Dowry harassment: Housewife commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE : A 28-year-old homemaker and mother of an 11-month-old boy allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison at her house in Gayathri layout, KR Puram, early on Monday. The deceased, Shravanthi Vishnuvardhan, was shifted to hospital after she complained of uneasiness and fell unconscious. She died in hospital, police said.Her husband,Vishnuvardhan , was arrested on Monday after her father Dalapathi filed a dowry harassment case against him. Dalapathi said Vishnuvardhan used to torture Shravanthi for dowry. An MSc degree holder, Vishnuvardhan is an engineer with a firm near Whitefield.\"She had told her parents about the harassement but her parents tried pacifying her. But this time, she decided to take the extreme step,\" KR Puram police said. Shravanthi married Vishuvardhan in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860845", "title": "Basement shops 'encroach' parking slots", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the traffic department goes into overdrive to ban parking of vehicles on roadsides and thus ease out the traffic congestion, civic authorities have been keeping mum over allocation of basements for shops. Significantly, these basements were meant for parking of vehicles, but according to a survey carried out in 2001, the city had over 1,500 such buildings where basements were being misused by allocating them for shops.The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) sanctions maps of commercial buildings on the condition that the basements will be used only for parking of vehicles. \"But the norm is hardly followed. The situation has now reached alarming levels and cannot be ignored,\" said Brijesh Singh, a city based lawyer and a petitioner into illegal occupancy of basements for commercial purpose.In fact, the issue of illegal occupancy of basements for commercial purpose has been pending before the high court since 1997. \"There have been around 20 orders from the high court, till date, asking the authorities to get the basements freed of illegal commercial activity. But that never happened,\" Singh said.Singh claimed that the number of such violators has increased from over 1,500 in 2001 to over 4,000 in the past one decade. \"In Hazratganj alone, there are nearly 123 such buildings which flout the norms. And the Lucknow Development Authority seems oblivious to the problem,\" he said. \"Isn't there something fishy in this attitude?\" he asked.It was in 2004, during the earlier regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav , that a major drive was carried out against illegal occupancy of the basements. One case which hogged the limelight was demolition of shops in the basement of Avadh Towers in Hazratganj to free some 5,000 sq ft of space. Predictably, the drive was carried out after the high court pulled up the civic authorities for not taking adequate action against the violators. That proved to be the last effective drive undertaken by the LDA.As on date, hundreds of commercial complexes, not only in the residential areas but also in the commercial areas in the heart of the state capital have basements with shops and other commercial activities. Not surprisingly, the absence of adequate parking space forces the commuters to park their vehicles on the roadside, eventually affecting the smooth flow of traffic.DIG Lucknow, Ashutosh Pandey said that he has sought information from the LDA and the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) for the number of such commercial complexes and whether they have the map sanctioned to carry out such commercial activities.Traffic department sources said that in the absence of enforcement on the part of LDA and LMC, the drive to ease out traffic congestion may only prove to be a damp squib.While LDA vice-chairman, Rajeev Aggarwal could not be contacted for comments, LDA chief engineer S N Tripathi said that the commercial complex owners had been issued notices long back. And this is what all LDA has been doing for the past many years even as builders went on to allocate the basements to the shopkeepers. \"Once they are occupied it is hard to get them freed. It may cause law and order problem,'' said a senior official in the enforcement wing of LDA.It is not so that the LDA has not been carrying out drive against illegal constructions. But these have been few and far between or limited to the small players, with the case of bigger violations being overlooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12859533", "title": "Couple revokes marriage on Akha Teej", "text": "JODHPUR: In what can be termed a landmark initiative towards correcting a mistake of childhood, a couple legally got their marriage revoked on Tuesday. Laxmi and Rakesh were made to tie the knot in their infancy and decided to untie it on the day of Akha Teej, which is infamous for child marriages. Interestingly, the 'gauna' of the girl was also scheduled on Tuesday.According to the rehabilitation psychologist of Sarathi Trust, Kriti Bharit, the girl Laxmi, who came in contact with her a few days back, was unwilling to go to her in-laws' house and wasn't interested in the marriage either. \"From the day she learnt about her 'gauna', she went into trauma and expressed her wish of not wanting to go to her in-laws' house,\" Bharti said.\"I normalized her and spoke to her about her intent. She was reluctant and fearful of accepting the relationship. Then I called upon her husband Rakesh and asked about his intention, who initially expressed interest in the alliance as the marriage had been solemnized in their infancy. But when we explained to him the complications and meaning of such a marriage, he also agreed to revoke it,\" Bharti said.After revocation of the marriage on Tuesday as per the provisions of the Child Marriage Restraint Act 2006, which says that any couple can revoke the marriage within two years of attaining maturity, Laxmi said that I am happy that on the day of Akha Teej, which has become infamous for child marriages, I set a precedent by withdrawing it. Terming it to be a major social evil of the modern times, uneducated Laxmi, who belongs to a family of daily wage earners from Luni village near Jodhpur, said that whenever I will marry it will be with mine and my parents' consent.Laxmi and Rakesh, a JCB operator from the same village, had been married off in their infancy. The 'gauna' was to take place on Tuesday and interestingly the same day witnessed the revocation of their marriage at the girl's initiative. \"We are thankful to the boy and his family also that they understood the complications of this marriage and consented to revoke the same,\" Bharti said, who has now taken upon herself the task of making Laxmi independent and stabilising her condition so that she can take her own decisions in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863339", "title": "Market Focus", "text": "The Sauder School of Business at the University of British Columbia (UBC), Canada , announced a new MBA for the fall 2012 session.Making a major shift from training based on academic disciplines, the new programme offered by Sauder's Robert H Lee Graduate School is structured around the skill sets demanded by the global marketplace. It also introduces a mandatory global immersion module that sends students to China, India or Denmark, and dramatically increases hands-on learning with companies and organisations.Sauder worked with business leaders, faculty, students and alumni over a two-year period to build on its integrated approach and revamp its programme. The new MBA is streamlined from eight specialisations and 10 sub-specialisations to four integrated career tracks:Business innovation: Designed for entrepreneurs who want to bring new products and services to market and 'intra-preneurs' seeking to lead innovation within organisationsConsulting and strategic management: With curriculum bringing together corporate strategy, information technology and supply chain management, students also learn 'soft skills' needed to lead transformational changeProduct/service management: A blend of marketing, and operations and information management, students are equipped to excel in product, service and brand managementFinance: Examining the industry in the broader business context, the principles of finance are applied to investment banking, corporate finance, portfolio management, trading, and risk management\"By embracing an integrated approach that responds to the reality of international business, rather than academic tradition, and focusing on using knowledge in real-world contexts at home and around the globe, we're equipping students to find success in the hyper-competitive international job market,\" says Daniel Muzyka, dean Sauder School of Business.(www.sauder.ubc.ca)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866214", "title": "Grand Master set to release on May 3", "text": "Mohan Lal and Priyamani starrer Grand Master is all set to release on first week of May. Grand Master is UTV's first Malayalam venture.Directed by B. Unnikrishnan, this Mohanlal starrer is an action thriller. It has a backdrop of chess. Mohanlal and Narain will be seen in smart and stylish roles of cop.Apart from them actors like Anup Menon, Jagathy Sree Kumar, Roma, Seetha, Fathima Babu play important roles. Its music has been given by Deepak Dev. Grand Master is releasing on May 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866828", "title": "Nazriya Nazeem: Star in the making?", "text": "Nazriya Nazeem, the television anchor who appeared in Palunku and Pramani, is all set to play the lead in Revathi Sharma's Maad Dad.Till now, busy exam schedules had prevented the plus-two student from taking up plum projects. \"The shoot is likely to start in May or June,\" she says.The movie, which revolves around a father-daughter relationship will see her essaying the role of Lal's daughter. Maad Dad will mark Revathi Sharma's debut in Mollywood. \"The story is a serious subject, but the film will be an entertainer. It also stars Sreejith, Janardhanan and Salim Kumar,\" says Nazriya.Meanwhile, post the success of her music video, Yuvvh, Nazriya has been getting a slew of offers. \"I had my apprehensions as I don't have a trace of make-up in it; the girl in the video has just woken up from sleep. But it clicked, and I've been getting a lot of movie offers since.\" However, Nazriya says her dream is to become a businesswoman. \"Films just happened to me and I will just let things take its course,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860850", "title": "BRT survey: 10,000 commuters on board", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of a Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) study on BRT, the opinion of 10,000 road users will be collected and analyzed. CRRI has decided to visit nearby establishments such as the Saket court complex, markets, schools, colleges and offices.\"We have around 20 more days for the study and are confident that we will be able to get views of 10,000 people. We have designed the forms to make it user-friendly and are targeting those who use the BRT corridor. The forms have been divided in such a manner that there is proportionate number of forms for each kind of road user,\" said an official.The form for each user is designed according to his needs. Car users are being asked how long they have to wait at the various intersections and their travel time between one point of the corridor and another. Questions for car users include those on their average speed, delay and experience on the stretch before and after the BRT corridor.Meanwhile, pedestrians and bus users are being asked on the placement of buses, pedestrian crossing facilities, perceived danger on the road and travel time for buses. Auto and taxi users are being asked about their time loss after the introduction of BRT and the difficulty of finding autos on the route.Residents, school and office-goers of the area are being asked what their problems with the current BRT system are and their suggestions for the future of the corridor.Meanwhile, CRRI is already planning the final phase of their field survey, which will be the study of the BRT corridor between Moolchand and Ambedkar Nagar as a regular road stretch. For this, road markings have been planned. The agencies concerned will be aiming to place these markings by Sunday.There will be temporary dividers placed along the corridor to streamline traffic, said officials. The bus lane on BRT will be used for right-turning vehicles and signages will be placed accordingly. Signal cycles on all the intersections will be reduced from six to four or three, as it is for other routine intersections, said officials. Though major cosmetic changes on the corridor are not possible, the agencies will be trying their best to place signages so that the stretch can function as a regular corridor.\"Ideally, a soft launch is planned on Sunday to assess the situation and address initial problems. From Monday, the traffic movement will be surveyed,\" said an official.Starting Monday, all traffic turning right will be allowed to travel on the lane next to the central verge, which is as of now reserved for buses.Car users are being asked how long they have to wait at the various intersections, among other things", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859580", "title": "Indore Development Authority ups rates of luxury flats, commercial buildings", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Development Authority (IDA) board on Tuesday decided to hike the rates of its first high-rise luxury flats at Anandvan in Scheme No 140. Accordingly, the cost of the flats has been raised to Rs 2,400 per square feet from Rs 2,100 per square feet and the rates of commercial and office space has also been increased to Rs 4,650 per square feet from Rs 4,500 per square feet.CEO of IDA Chandramouli Shukla said that the revised rates would be applicable to those customers, who will book their flats after Tuesday. However, those who have already booked the flats, would make the payment according to the old rates.\"Now only 55 flats and commercial complexes are remaining and the revised rates will be applicable on fresh bookings only,\" said Shukla.In another decision, the IDA has decided to give land to the farmers, who had given their land to TCS and Infosys at the Super Corridor either jointly or pay them according to the rates set by guidelines. Around 160 farmers had given their land for the IT majors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12860776", "title": "2 convicted for 1993 tiffin box blasts in Jaipur", "text": "AJMER: A designated TADA court here on Tuesday awarded 15 years of rigorous imprisonment to Pakistan-trained militant Jalees Ansari and 20 years' rigorous imprisonment to his aide Abrar Rehmat Ansari in the 1993 tiffin box blasts case in Jaipur. Two other accused - Mohammad Jamal Alvi and Habib Ahmad - have been acquitted.The case relates to three low profile blasts that took place in Manak Chowk, Jalupura and in Sadar police station area in Jaipur on September 30, 1993. These bombs were kept in tiffin boxes and tied to bicycles. A boy was injured in the blast.Special judge Kamal Kumar Bagari observed that the blasts were arranged to spread hatred and terror in the country. The court held both the accused guilty under different sections of TADA and the Explosives Act. In its 263 page judgment, it also upheld the view that the blasts were the result of conspiracy by Jalees and his accomplice after the demolition of Babri Masjid in Ayodhya.Special prosecutor Bhagirath Singh Shekhawat said, \"We will file an appeal in the Supreme Court against the acquittal of Alvi and Habib\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12863059", "title": "SP Rajya Sabha MP Brij Bhushan Tiwari passes away", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party MP Brij Bhushan Tiwari, who was recently re-elected to the Rajya Sabha, died here early on Wednesday morning after suffering a heart attack.71-year-old Tiwari had taken oath as member of the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday only after being elected for the second term.Party sources said Tiwari suffered a heart attack this morning and was rushed to a city hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860409", "title": "Two men run over by train in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Two persons were killed in separate train-related mishaps in the city on Tuesday. In the first incident, a man identified as Shriram alias Bhola, a resident of Lakshmi Ratan Colony, was run over by Chhapra-Mathura Express near Dakhshineshwar Hanuman temple in Nazirabad police station area.The deceased Shriram had gone to offer puja at the temple. It was while he was crossing the railway track when he was hit by the speeding train. Locals tried to draw his attention to the approaching train, but Shriram apparently didn't hear them, police said. \"We have handed over the body to his family members,\" a police official said.In another incident, a man was run over by a speeding train at Dadanagar Crossing on Tuesday. The deceased who was about 25-years-old is yet to be identified. Also, the police are yet to reach any conclusion as to whether the man had committed suicide or was it an accidental death. \"After receiving information from the locals, we reached the spot and found the body of the victim lying beside the railway tracks near Dadanagar bridge,\" said a police official.\"The number of cases of commuters being run over by trains are quite high in this area. This is because many colonies and business establishments are present in the area and people use the railway tracks to attend to nature's call,\" said police.Meanwhile, after conducting preliminary investigations, the body of the victim was sent for the postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12862081", "title": "IITian \u2018Nasa scientist\u2019 cons divorcees, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have arrested an IIT graduate, who posed as a Nasa scientist and claimed that he was eligible for a Nobel prize next year, for cheating a middle-aged divorcee of Rs 25 lakh after promising to marry her.The victim approached the Oshiwara police after she learned recently that the accused had misled her.Atul Sharma (41), who was living in a five-star hotel for six months, had approached the complaint two months back. He told her that he could help her get government quota land meant for the judiciary at a discount and took Rs 10 lakh from her. One of the victim's friends also paid Rs 15 lakh for the land.The police recovered a mobile phone and a laptop from Sharma, in which they found 'morphed' photos of Sharma with US president Barack Obama and former president George Bush. They are examining his phone records to learn about his other victims.Sharma had found details of the complainant on a matrimonial website recently and sent his details to her. He called the victim for a meeting at the hotel, and told her that he was from reputed family based abroad, and he was keen to marry. He told her he had properties in Boston and had good contacts in the US, and promised to take her there after marriage.When the police checked with Sharma about his association with Nasa, he told them that he had worked there long back but didn't have any I-card . He had cheated many others in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore Kolkata and Pune after promising them land.The police said Sharma is from Lucknow and has not been in touch with his family since long. An officer said that he would approach middle-aged rich woman staying alone.The police are also checking out how Sharma lives a luxurious life, pays his hotel bills, and moves around in expensive tourist cars.The accused would scout matrimonial websites for his targets and would then send them marriage proposals. He used to warn his potential victims to contact him only if they were seriously thinking about marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867564", "title": "'Centre ready with Bodoland solution'", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Bodo pressure group fighting for a separate state of Bodoland has said the Union home ministry has conveyed to it that the Centre is ready with a solution.The People's Joint Action Committee for Bodoland Movement on Tuesday met MHA joint secretary (Northeast) Sambhu Singh in New Delhi to discuss the status of the ongoing peace talks between the Centre and NDFB (Progressive).\"After a detailed discussion on the progress of NDFB (Progressive) peace talks, the MHA official told us that the government is all set to give an amicable solution based on the separate state demand through a give- and-take policy. The MHA joint secretary urged us to convey to NDFB (Progressive) leadership that it, too, should follow the policy and extend cooperation for a solution,\" convener of the joint action committee, B Baglary, told TOI from New Delhi.The pressure group, however, made it clear that it is not looking for a solution in the form of an economic package. \"The separate state demand is a political issue and not economic. We have told Sambhu Singh that whatever may be the solution, it should not be an economic package,\" said Baglary.He added that all solutions in the past have been rejected by the people. \"The present Bodoland Territorial Council, which is now run by Hagrama Mohilary, has also been rejected by people and so the demand for a separate state has been on,\" added Baglary.The MHA joint secretary also pointed out that the Centre's solution will ensure that the constitutional rights of non-Bodo groups will be protected, Baglary said. He added that there was no discussion on the Ranjan Daimary faction of the NDFB.\"The Daimary faction is seeking sovereignty, which is different from our demand of separate state within the Constitution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867477", "title": "Rift widening between Naveen and Pyari?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: All is not well within the ruling BJD, it seems, with chief minister Naveen Patnaik reportedly distancing himself further and further from his key advisor and Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra.Party sources said Naveen, who has been the undisputed boss of BJD since its formation in 1997, has been, of late, unhappy with certain goings-on in the party and has begun clipping the wings of Pyari, considered by many as the second power centre in the ruling dispensation. This has not only become the most discussed topic within the party and the government, but also fuelled speculation about where the BJD is headed.Last week, Naveen, when asked by journalists about his recent 'differences' with Pyari, did not outrightly reject it. He said the BJD has been trying to serve the poor over the past 12 years and is committed to follow the same policy. While Naveen's silence on the issue is being viewed as part of his approach to hold things close to his chest, Pyari has gone on record saying there are no differences between Naveen and him. He has, instead, put the blame on some interest groups within BJD and outside for trying to create a rift between them. He has even credited naveen for the party's success, but added that he too has contributed a lot to it.The fact that Pyari has on a number of occasions in the last few weeks spoken about the issue in public has attracted the attention of political leaders and analysts. \"Pyari trying to clarify through the media that all is fine between Naveen and him itself has forced people to raise their eyebrows,\" a BJD leader noted.BJD sources said differences between Naveen and Pyari became apparent during the three-tier panchayat elections when the CM was visibly displeased with the manner in which certain things were being handled or certain leaders were being projected during electioneering. \"This was evident when Naveen, possibly for the first time in his 15-year-old political career, went about finalizing BJD representatives for zilla parishad president and vice-president posts in March without involving Pyari in a major way,\" a BJD insider pointed out, adding, \"That things were not going smooth within the party became clearer when rebel BJD candidates upstaged Naveen's nominees for the Khurda and Rayagada zilla parishad president posts.\"Another instance that BJD insiders are citing as a sign of rupture in the Naveen-Pyari relationship is the Athagarh by-election, in which the BJD president reportedly announced Ranendra Pratap Swain (said not to be enjoying the best of terms with Pyari) without consulting Pyari. In fact, Pyari, who was overactive during the Umerkote bypoll in November, did not campaign for Swain in March, with his detractors like Paradeep MLA Damodar Rout hogging the limelight after being cold-shouldered during the Umerkote byelection.Public perception is that Pyari not playing a significant role in the Rajya Sabha polls in March, remaining aloof on the Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka issue and even staying away from the party function to commemorate Biju Patnaik's death anniversary here on April 17 are clear indications of cracks developing in the relationship between the two most powerful leaders of the BJD.Naveen, too, did not attend the event as he was in New Delhi. However, what added to the speculation were statements by leaders like Damodar Rout and Debashis Samantray, who emphasized that Naveen was the 'only' leader of the BJD and everyone should back him. Such remarks, especially by Rout, who has repeatedly engaged in verbal battles with Pyari, that too at a death anniversary event certainly indicate a rift within the party, it is believed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860297", "title": "Congress, govt agog with 'baseless' reshuffle buzz", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Parliament reopened for Budget session, strong buzz about a restructuring encompassing the party and the government swept Congress circles on Tuesday afternoon.There were reports that key Union ministers had offered to resign and take up organizational assignment, a buzz dismissed by top insiders as baseless.Excited speculation about restructuring of the government have been a recurring feature during Parliament sessions, with the pattern stubbornly persisting despite Congress leadership's consistent refusal to go for fireworks befitting the hype.That the buzz gained traction notwithstanding the fact that no reshuffle can happen till the budget session gets over in the third week of May was attributed by sources in Congress to growing anxiety within its ranks because of the recent electoral reverses.The partymen were willing to lend an ear to such talk of \"massive overhaul\" because recent defeats, especially the decimation in UP, has led to the belief that the party could be do something drastic to put the house in order before the coming electoral encounters.Names of key ministers offering to resign were swirling since Tuesday afternoon, but they all denied it outright. Vyalar Ravi and Jairam Ramesh contradicted the reports, while law minister Salman Khurshid said correspondence with party chief Sonia Gandhi was part regular interaction and feedback.Sources indicated that Khurshid, in the immediate wake of UP debacle, may have indicated his willingness to \"discharge any responsibility\", but that was in general terms and could not be interpreted as the determination to leave government in a huff for organizational trenches.The denials, however, failed to stem the speculation.Sources while dismissing the excited talk of government-organization swap as \"bogus\" did not rule out the possibility of party seeking to attempt significant changes post-June. Also, after eight years in power and with the government not really setting governance on fire, there may be a rethink among ministers who have long-term calculations in mind.UPA-II is set to complete three years in power and the party is likely to go into election mode next year. The few months left in active government could nudge some ministers to eye organizational assignment with greater enthusiasm, especially with policy paralysis and poor image taking the sheen of ministerial assignment.Such scenario could mean growing involvement of Rahul Gandhi in organizational affairs. Despite the defeat in UP, the party's heir apparent remains engaged with the organization, and is said to be holding discussions with key leaders on what could be the road ahead in the gloom of electoral defeats and disarray in the government.Rahul recently held a two-day review on UP in which he unveiled a new approach for the key state. There are signs of Congress also trying to address organizational paralysis in other major states that are seen as critical to its fortunes in 2014 parliamentary polls.The decision to send Cabinet minister Vyalar Ravi to review Andhra Pradesh and setting up the Antony committee to probe reasons for defeat in UP, Punjab, Goa and a notional victory in Uttarakhand appear to be directed towards plugging the holes in the strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12860286", "title": "Whistleblower issue raised in Parliament", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The issue of Haryana's whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi was raised in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday when Biju Janata Dal MP Baishnab Parida sought a reply from the government about the multi-crore forestry scam.In a question, Parida asked from the Union minister of environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan about the issue of CBI investigation to probe the alleged financial irregularities in implementation of plantation schemes in Haryana exposed by Chaturvedi.In her reply, Natarajan said, \"Based on a reference made by the government to Central Vigilance Commission on the modalities for further investigations into certain allegations.... the CVC consulted the CBI, who opined that the matter is worthy of an independent probe. CVC advised the central government to take up the matter with the Haryana government for transfer of the case to CBI. Centre has accordingly advised to state government to register an FIR and issue notification for entrusting the investigation to the CBI.\"The Union minister further told the Parliament that the state government has informed that they have initiated disciplinary proceedings against the delinquent officers in the case relating to plantations. \"Status in this regard has also been conveyed to the CVC,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863153", "title": "Tusshar files a case against Samir Karnik", "text": "They say friendships in Btown tend to be shortlived, especially when you mix business with pleasure. A case in point is the spat between Tusshar Kapoor and his buddy and producer of Char Din Ki Chandni Samir Karnik, which appears to have hit an impasse.We've learnt Tusshar has filed a police complaint against Karnik for misappropriation of funds amounting to nearly Rs 1.7 crore, pertaining to their recently released Char Din Ki Chandni.Kapoor confirmed the news and said, \"Samir told me his film had crossed budget. He then emotionally blackmailed me into giving him a loan. He also promised me satellite rights.\"We wonder what made Tusshar take such a drastic step? A friend of Tusshar told Mirror, \"Till now, Tusshar was just warning Karnik but now the actor has decided to teach him a lesson. The flashpoint was reached when Tusshar learnt that Samir had not paid most actors in Char Din Ki Chandni. When he confronted Samir about the monies, Samir offered him cheques that bounced.\"Despite repeated attempts, Karnik chose not to reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860412", "title": "Beheaded body found in river", "text": "KOLKATA: Police retrieved a beheaded male body from the Hooghly river on Tuesday, adding to the list of recent incidents in which severed body parts of unidentified people were found stashed in sacks. The body was first spotted by the officers of River Traffic Police near Araidaha and sent for autopsy. olice suspect it to be a case of murder Police recovered a beheaded body of a middle-aged man after it was fished out of the Hooghly near Araidaha on Tuesday. Police suspect he was murdered. Officers of the River Traffic Police spotted the body, recovered it and sent it for postmortem.Police have initiated a murder case. case of murder has been initiated at North Port police station.Initial probe has revealed that the victim was around 35 years and his head was severed before dumping the body into the river. The body was old suggests that the victim is aged about 35.The body was totally decomposed and portions of clothes were found on it. Police suspect that the beheaded body was thrown in the river at least five days ago. The victim's head was not found and police suspect he was beheaded before his body was dumped in the river.Police are trying to trace his identify the victim from the clothes.\"The victim was probably beheaded to prevent identification,\" said an investigating officer.\"We are waiting for the postmortem report to confirm how the person was killed,\" said a detective department officer. Police suspect that the beheaded body was thrown in the river at least five days ago.It's the fourth such incident in the past few months where killers dumped bodies of victims police are yet to identify. Earlier, the body of a nine-year-old girl was found dumped beside the ticket counter of Park Circus station.Probe revealed that she was murdered but police have no clue about her identity.The next day, the body of a teenage girl was found under Dhakuria flyover.Cops still have no clue about who dumped the girl.Days later, parts of a male body was found on the tracks of Sealdah station. Probe revealed that the head and more parts of the same victim's body were dumped near Kalyani station.All the three bodies are yet to be identified. Railway police are in the dark about the murder victim or the assailants. \"We are waiting for the postmortem report to confirm how the person was killed,\" said a detective department officer. Police suspect that the beheaded body was thrown in the river at least five days ago.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861014", "title": "CBI to probe international link of accused in Suzlon cheating case", "text": "PUNE: The Suzlon Infrastructures Ltd cheating case was handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation on April 19, so that the international links of those accused of cheating the company to the tune of Rs 32 crore could be investigated.The Bund Garden police informed chief judicial magistrate N T Ghatge about the CBI probe on Monday.The state government has transferred the probe to the CBI economic offences wing, Mumbai unit to conduct further investigations on a representation made by Synefra Engineering and Construction Limited (SECL) - a sister concern of Suzlon Infrastructures Ltd.Speaking to TOI, inspector Sudhakar Kate (crime) of the Bund Garden police station, who had earlier investigated the case, confirmed handing over the case papers to the CBI after it had taken over the probe.Kate said that the CBI had taken over the probe to investigate the links of the accused in Switzerland , France, Germany and other countries, as the local police cannot investigate cases with international ramifications.\"I have filed chargesheets against three suspects Rajgopalan Shridhar and Sanjeev Bangad in 2009, and the latter's wife Rashmi Bangad in 2010. The fourth suspect turned approver, while two other suspects are absconding. The framing of charges against the suspects before the CJM court are pending,\" Kate added.Assistant public prosecutor Shilpa Mahatekar, who is handling the case, told TOI that the police had earlier obtained a letter of rogatory from the court to investigate the transactions made by the accused in foreign banks. The suspects in the case are out on bail, she added.The suspects were arrested following a complaint registered by a Suzlon official Nilesh Dhanani (35) with the Bund Garden police in 2009.According to the police, Rajgopalan and Bangad were head of the supply management and chief manufacturing officer, and general manager, logistics at Synefra Engineering and Construction Limited (SECL).The police said that Suzlon manufactures and exports windmills to several countries through SECL. SECL would hire ships and send the windmills, along with several other products. Rajgopalan and Bangad had been appointed for the job.The duo, along with four others, started exporting the goods of another manufacturers along with the Suzlon's shipments. They would also import goods to India (using the ships which were returning empty) in Suzlon's name. The suspects opened fictitious companies with the names S S Oceanwinds and Blue Wind, the police said.Using Suzlon as guarantor, Rajgopalan and the others would ask the exporters to deposit a rent for the shipment in the name of these companies. From March 2006 till October 2008, the suspects used Suzlon's name for their own business. They also used the ships hired by SECL for their benefit and duped the company to the tune of Rs 32 crore, the police stated.The fraud came to light when the company's audit report was carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865137", "title": "Two boys drown in separate incidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Two boys drowned in separate incidents in the suburbs on Tuesday.In the first incident, the body of 16-year-old Kannan, who went swimming with friends at an abandoned quarry in Chromepet, was found on Tuesday, while seven-yearold Lokesh drowned in a temple tank in Perungalathur on Tuesday.Police said Kannan, just promoted to Class 10, told his parents he was going for special class but left with friends Karthik, Rahul and Jeevan to the abandoned quarry where they were swimming. When he failed to come up, his friends cried for help. Local villagers and fire and rescue services personnel launched a search but couldn't locate the body. It was found on Tuesday morning.In the other incident, seven-year-old Lokesh was feeding fish at a pond near his house in Perungalathur on Tuesday afternoon, when he slipped and fell in. He was pulled out and rushed to hospital where he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863056", "title": "Billa 2 audio online!", "text": "Billa 2, the much awaited sequence to Ajith's 2007 super hit Billa, is all set to hit the screens in June.With fans eagerly waiting for a sneak peek into the songs, Sony Music will present a glimpse of the 4 songs beginning April 25th for the music fans across social / viral platforms and radio. This innovation will culminate into the audio launch on May 1st, a day which incidentally coincides with Ajith's Birthday!The symphonic tunes, composed by ace music director Yuvan Shankar Raja have been sung by melodious voices like Stefny, Shweta Pandit, Tanvi Shah, Suvi Suresh, Andrea Jeremiah and Ranjith.Ashok Parwani, Head, Sony Music South, says, \"Billa was extremely successful and people are now eagerly waiting for Billa 2. By showcasing a new song each day, we're giving the fans something to look forward to every single day. We're tapping on Ajith's popularity and we're confident that everyone will truly appreciate the idea of this visual treat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12861186", "title": "'Osama wanted shoe bombers to follow up on 9/11 attacks'", "text": "NEW YORK: Al-Qaida's slain leader Osama bin Laden had planned to follow up the September 11 attacks with shoe bombers to blow up American passenger planes, which would have brought the American economy to its knees, a British man convicted on terrorism charges testified in a trial here.Saajid Badat gave his testimony on Monday through a video link in the ongoing trial in federal district court in Brooklyn of Adis Medunjanin , a Queens man accused of plotting with two of his schoolmates to blow up New York subways. \"He (bin Laden ) said that the American economy is like a chain. If you break one link of the chain, the whole economy will be brought down,\" he testified.Badat, 33, was convicted in London for his role in a 2001 plot to bring down an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami with explosives hidden in his shoes.While Badat's testimony was not directly related to NY subway terror plot, it was used to corroborate facts about the training in Qaidarun camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a report in the New York Times said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12864105", "title": "Brahmins upset CM with low turnout", "text": "SURAT: After the powerful Patidars, it was the turn of Brahmins of Surat and south Gujarat to upset chief minister Narendra Modi by their not so impressive turnout at the one-day Brahma Sammelan held here on Tuesday.Contrary to the expectations of senior BJP leaders, the turnout of the members from Brahmin community was quite disappointing at the sammelan organized by South Gujarat Brahma Samaj on the auspicious day of Parshuram Jayanti.The felicitation function of Rajya Sabha member from Bhavnagar Mansukh Mandavia, recently organized in the city's Katargam area known as the bastion of Saurashtrian Patidars, had turned out to be a damp squib for Modi with low turnout of Patels.A visibly upset Modi, who arrived on the venue on time, said, \"You (Brahmins) are the descendants of Lord Parshuram and it is your duty to carry forward his legacy of fighting injustice and deteriorating political system.\"At the religious convention, Modi tried to pass on a political message by exhorting Brahmins to wake up the Parshuram among themselves to give a befitting reply to the injustice done by the UPA government at the Centre. Leaders of Brahma Samaj had been preparing for the one-day Brahma Sammelan event since February 19. The target was to gather over 1 lakh Brahmins of the region and take vow to set up a complex for the community. For this, the community leaders had mobilized their workers in the entire region to reach each and every home of Brahmins and make sure that they are present in the sammelan.While the leaders of Brahma Samaj had made their stand clear of not giving any political hue to Brahma Sammelan, about half of the dais at the venue was occupied by BJP leaders from the city and across the region. Yogi Chowk, a sprawling ground on Puna Road, has a capacity to accommodate about 1.5 lakh people. The leaders of Brahma Samaj had erected tents using only 25 per cent of the space in the ground to accommodate about 20,000 people, but only 60% people turned up for the sammelan from south Gujarat.Out of those present on the ground, about 15 per cent of the people were from other communities, who had arrived in state transport and private luxury buses from far flung areas in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12866954", "title": "Footing mobile bills: Don\u2019t get conned by agents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beware of callers who offer to collect your payment on behalf of your mobile service provider as more than a hundred cases of customers being duped by impostors have come to light. Recently , a leading mobile operator has also complained to police in this regard.Sources in Delhi Police's crime branch told TOI that the telecom firm reported getting numerous complaints from customers who allegedly made cash payment of their bills to the impostors, only to have their accounts deactivated for defaulting on payment.A case of cheating and fraud has been registered against unknown persons.Police suspect an insider's role in the racket as the impostors had details of customers' bills, such as pending amount and due date. A source said the gang could be operating on a large scale and more such cases might come to light.As per the FIR lodged by the vice-president (corporate affairs) of the telecom firm, the complaints started coming in around two months ago. The company has reportedly received more than 100 complaints since then.A police source said the fake executives who approached the customers had done their homework. They possessed all the details and left no scope for doubt as they even carried forged identity cards and visiting cards.\"First, they call up customers and inform them about the pending amount. They usually call up a customer again and ask whether they want an executive to collect the payment from their doorstep. If the customer agrees, the impostor visits the customer and collects the payment. They even provide fake receipts against the received amount,\" said a source.Customers who fell for the trick were in for a shock as, after a few days, they received a call from the real customer service centre informing them that the payment had not been made and that their connection would be deactivated . Such cases usually ended up with the firm's grievance cell, police said.When the company, in the last two months, received many such complaints, it became suspicious.Now it has approached Delhi Police and asked it to bust the racket. The company has provided police with the details of some of its customers to assist in the probe. Sources said the gang was active in central, south and north Delhi areas as most of the cases were reported from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864656", "title": "Redefining the art space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A reversal of the inside and the outside - walking up the ramp past the Zen Cafe and Amdavad ni gufa , toward the Herwitts gallery , one is invited with over 25 canvases that occupy the exterior walls of the gallery!Further, sculptures and installations blur the edge of the gallery premise. In an attempt to redefine the space of art - both literally and metaphorically , the group exhibition 'Art Constellation' , by Nexus Art brings together over 16 contemporary artists.Beginning from interiors: Occupied by two serenely lit installations by Nityananda Ojha. The 'archive of protestant' categorically puts together objects and symbols that overlap religion and various other power plays. The second installation under the spotlight, made up of innumerable nooses that pile the floor, only to rise up to the ceiling, are held together by super market bands. \"Who decides the rules of the society ?\" asks the politicallycharged artist who questions socially hierarchy through his work.On the walls, of the many intriguing works, is Amdavadi artist, Vipul Prajapati's series - a meditation on the life of the boat builders in Veraval . \"Having interacted with the community for over five years, I now relate to their lives. Their indigenous knowledge of boatbuilding is passed on from one generation to the next un-institutionally . Being such master craftsmen, many live impoverished lives,\" says Prajapati , who draws parallel to his own art education with his father .Ketan Desai's 'Master Striker' rests under a tree at the edge of the Gufa, contemplating over a game of carom - who is ready to make the next strike. Like his previous works, this work also offers a commentary on current affairs in the nation.Crawling over the fluid boundaries onto the Gufa, Vyom Mehta's installation made of balloons, twisted to form insect-like creatures, tries to 'interact' with the environs . \"Through the process of my work, I am relooking at this space. What does it mean to different age groups in the city, what is a collaboration - between Doshi and Hussain? And formalistically the Gufa belongs to another world, like a moonscape,\" says Vyom. Vyom's playful creatures belong to this space - mischievous, transitory and ephemeral - just like children who are fascinated by Gufa the most!Other artists on display are Alok Bal, Anasuya and Jagannath Mahopatra, Arunanshu Chowdhury, Heeral Trivedi, Sandip Daptaris, Mukhti Chauhan, Sanjay Yamgar, Shatrughan Thakur, Shital Panchal, Sudip Dutta and T Venkanna. The exhibition will be on till April 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "debra(west midnapore)", "code": "12860950", "title": "CM cuts short Debra event", "text": "DEBRA(WEST MIDNAPORE): With the Election Commission on Tuesday announcing the dates for by-polls in Daspur and Bankura assembly constituencies, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and railway minister Mukul Roy had to cut short a programme in Debra, where she was scheduled to inaugurate a computerized reservation centre and lay the foundation stone of a railway over bridge in Balichak. due to the model code of conduct.The two seats fell vacant after Trinamool's sitting MLAs - Ajit Bhuiya from Daspur and Kashinath Mishra from Bankura - died recently. The EC announced that the polls would be held on June 12 and the results would be declared on June 15.The chief minister, who had left Lalgarh for Debra along with railway minister Mukul Roy, cabinet colleagues Bratya Basu, Manas Bhunia, Shyamal Mondal and Sukumar Hansda, MPs Shishir Adhikari and Subhendu Adhikari, was initially unaware of the EC announcement. By then, several thousands had gathered at Debra's Harimoti high school ground, awaiting a glimpse of Mamata.Mamata took the stage and only said: \"The election commission has announced dates for by-polls in two assembly constituencies. Due to the model code of conduct, no announcements can be made. I will only say that we are doing several development works here and more are in the pipeline.\"Earlier in Lalgarh, the chief minister had laid the foundation stone for the 54.5 kilometres railway line from Bhadutala-Jhargram via Lalgarh which will stop over at 10 stations in Jangalmahal. The railway minister said the Planning Commission has already approved a plan outlay of Rs 450.59 crore for the project, slated to be completed in next two years.Even as she said this incessant downpour stopped short her two-minute speech and the chief minister headed back for Kolkata.Mamata also laid the foundation stone of the 650-meter Lalgarh-Amtola bridge over the river Kansabati for which nearly Rs 50.44 crore has been approved from the Backward Region Grants Fund (BRGF). She also laid the foundation stone of Lalgarh college.The computerized reservation centre at Debra would have catered to nearly three lakh people and would have cut short their trip to Balichak. The Road Overbridge at Balichak entailing a cost of Rs 42.79 crore would have been built by the railways and state government together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863297", "title": "After accident, Shashank to support campaign", "text": "Television actor Shashank Sethi who was previously seen in shows like Kya Dil Mein Hai, Kuch is Tarah, Kasturi, Choti Bahu, Shraddha, Sajan Ghar Jana Hai, is now seen in Afsar Bitiya.Shashank Sethi who plays the character of Mitlesh in Raakesh Paswan's Afsar Bitiya met with an accident on Tuesday night where his Honda City car got damaged, but he was safe. He left from the set on Tuesday night at 9 pm from Madh Island - with him were 2-3 people from the unit, whom he had to drop on the way. While driving, a truck hit his car from the side, but it wasn't possible to locate the driver as he ran away immediately and since it was dark in the night, he also wasn't able to note the number of the truck.Luckily his driver, hit the breaks at the right time, otherwise the car would have fallen ten feet down. Shashank says, \"It was a nightmare, but I thank God that no one got hurt and only the car was damaged. It will take at least two weeks for me to sit on the driving seat, as the incident is very fresh in my mind. And the visual of truck hitting me comes to my mind whenever I am on the road. Currently, I am using the cool cab as my car is in garage. I think the truck driver was drunk. I would like to support the campaign -- don't drink and drive. Sudden unexpected accidents may cause loss of life and all drivers need to be educated about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864677", "title": "Adalaj ni Vav to have a theme park", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The historic Adalaj ni Vav situated on the outskirts of city has caught the attention of the tourism department. After promoting it as a tourism destination, the department is all set to have entertainment facilities for the visitors.The tourism department apart from having a theme park in the vicinity of the Adalaj step well has also decided to have a new entrance to the step well from the garden which is being developed by the TCGL.\"The tourism department has already taken up the issue of the new entrance with the officials of the Archeological Survey of India (ASI). The existing entrance is through the village and the tourists have to go through the village. With cattle loitering around and a vegetable market in the vicinity of the area, gives a bad impression to the visitors. TCGL has already taken up the matter with ASI and they have also agreed to have the new entrance through the park,\" said a TCGL senior officer.He further said there is a lake in the vicinity along with an open area of 25 acres. \"We will have a mini-Kankaria in the area and this will definitely give a face lift to the Vav.\"The TCGL has plans of developing a beautiful garden near the clover leaf interchange at Adalaj. The government plans to introduce private players to set up eating joints in the gardens as it will attract hordes of visitors. The TCGL officials said that the lake will have storm water drains from the nearby areas and once developed the government will have boating facilities in the lake.The state has already allocated Rs 11.34 crore for development of tourism spots in Gandhinagar district of which Rs 9.79 crore has been utilized so far. The tourism department will also develop the lake at Adalaj, complete with boating facilities. The government said that besides, a tourist reception centre has been developed in the area.Officials said that there is a small museum in the area and the TCGL will upgrade it and have it as a museum highlighting the tourists destination of the Ahmedabad city as well as Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864524", "title": "Jewellers all smiles as gold shines on \u2018akshay tritiya\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hundreds of Amdavadis once again indulged in the affair with yellow metal on the auspicious 'akshay tritiya' . The two-day festival, which has become synonymous with gold purchase , left jewellers smiling after weeks of subdued business due to their strike and weak demand.Tritiya is considered auspicious for Hindus who believe buying precious metal or starting any new venture on this day brings prosperity.\"We saw more than 50 per cent rise in sales of gold coins and jewellery at our showrooms compared to last year. This year we saw people from villages around Ahmedabad coming up in numbers for buying raw gold. We expect sales to rise further as mahurat period shall is till Wednesday evening,\" said Zaveri Lal, president, Gujarat Jewellers Association.Many shops, including branded jewellery showrooms had announced a slew of schemes like easy installment and rebate on labour charges to attract consumers. Jewellers said that the cooling down of the gold prices by Rs 500 from the highs of Rs 29,600 (per 10 grams) last week, has also pushed the demand.\"Gold sales on the auspicious occasion in Gujarat, including that from small and big jewellery outlets, will be close to 1 tonne. In Ahmedabad alone, sales will touch 300 kg. However, with the no marriages lined up in near future demand for jewelery was lower . But gold coins and biscuits sales was impressive,\" Harshad Choksi, president, Manek Chowk Choksi Mahajan Association.\"We delivered 125 cars on Tuesday. However, car bookings were lower compared to last year,\" said Derek Paul, CEO, Concept Hyundai, Ahmedabad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864254", "title": "Prasenjit dies multiple deaths in Shanghai", "text": "Bengali superstar Prasenjit will be seen dying eleven times in the upcoming film 'Shanghai'.Bengali superstar Prasenjit Chatterjee will be seen in the Hindi film Shanghai . The actor who is very choosy about films agreed to the Dibakar Bannerjee film after contemplating for months. But anyone who has seen the trailer of Shanghai would know that Prasenjit dies in the film and the entire film revolves around the mystery regarding his murder. That makes us wonder how Prasenjit agreed for such a minuscule role.But Prasenjit proves us wrong. He does die in the film but his role is not a cameo. That's because he dies eleven times in Shanghai . Surprised? Well that's the idea behind the storytelling of Dibakar Bannerjee's Shanghai . The film starts with Prasenjit's murder and there happen to be eleven witnesses to the murder. Each one of these eleven witnesses gives their individual account to the police. So going with the viewpoints of these eleven individuals, Prasenjit's murder will be show eleven times in the film. Now that makes Prasenjit the most pivotal character to the plot.Says Prasenjit, \"I play a socialist professor who is not really a politician. His language and voice is so strong that even the system has to listen to him. He has the power to connect with the common man. The story starts when he is murdered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867346", "title": "City police find it tough to deal with snatchers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Snatchers continue to give jitters to Bhubaneswar police, notwithstanding the routine patrolling and regular arrests in the past few months. City cops got the latest jolt on Monday when armed miscreants allegedly robbed a bank employee of Rs 10 lakh that he was carrying to deposit with a bank. The daring snatching occurred on the Kuakhai River bridge on the Bhubaneswar-Cuttack national highway.Till evening, no arrest was made in the case. \"We have detained a few suspects and are questioning them,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. Including this, miscreants have already mopped up around Rs 35 lakh in eight major snatchings in the city in the last three months.The incident was a virtual rerun of the January 25 snatching in which unidentified miscreants had made off with Rs 12 lakh from employees of an automobile showroom in Saheed Nagar area. Police are yet to crack the case.Besides, they are yet to make any headway in the March 30 incident in which Rs 7 lakh was snatched from an employee of a private firm near the Regional Science Centre.Locals find flaw in security arrangements of police. \"Snatchers have made the cops sitting-ducks. They continued to throw challenge and are striking in busy locations,\" Harish Nanda, a citizen said. \"Police should intensify patrolling. At many places we find patrolling vans being parked on roadside and cops busy chatting,\" Nanda said.Most of the incidents have occurred near banks in the city, where the stalkers reportedly kept a close watch on the movements of 'gullible' people before attacking them. Police, on the other hand, have put the blame on people's callousness while dealing with heavy cash.\"People hardly learn from the mistakes of others. Though we are repeatedly asking people to take police escorts while transporting heavy cash, they hardly listen to us,\" another senior police officer said.Police said they had arrested 40 people, including some engineering students, on charges of snatching in the last couple of months and recovered nearly Rs 10 lakh from several gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860723", "title": "Neyyattinkara byelection on June 2", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The bypoll for Neyyattinkara Assembly constituency will be held on June 2 and the counting will be held on June 15. According to the schedule issued by the Election Commission , notification for the bypoll will be issued on May 9. Last date for filing nominations will be May 16, scrutiny will be held on May 17 and the date for withdrawal of nomination will be May 17.Preparations by both the LDF and UDF for the crucial bypoll have gained momentum following the EC's announcement. R Selvaraj, who ditched the CPM to join the UDF camp, is seeking a second term from Neyyattinkara. The LDF has announced F Lawrence, a fellow traveller of the CPM and a member of Parassala block panchayat, as its candidate. BJP veteran O Rajagopal will be in the fray and is likely to pose a serious threat to both the fronts.The bypoll is crucial for both the fronts as the LDF has already taken it as a prestigious contest and the UDF has declared that it would be the second appraisal of the performance of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12860034", "title": "Income Tax sleuths raid offices of Arasan group in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sleuths from the Income Tax Department conducted raids at the residence of the owner of the Arasan group of companies and his various businesses including opticals, jewellery, computer wholesale and retail and soap, located in urban and rural Coimbatore on Tuesday.On Tuesday around 9 am, as many as 100 sleuths from Chennai and Coimbatore conducted a surprise raid at Arasan opticals, jewellery, computer wholesale and retail shops at R S Puram in the city. The employees were asked to remain inside the shop as the officials conducted their raid. Three shops were closed down when media persons reached the spot.Sleuths also conducted raids at a house belonging to Arun Singh , owner of Arasan soap at Saibaba Colony in the city. They also raided Arasan soap factories at Nallampalayam.V S Kumar, Additional Director of the Income tax department in Coimbatore region said that all information gathered during the raids was confidential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859316", "title": "Muslim conference on education from May 5", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City is hosting a two-day ninth All India Muslim Conference on Education on May 5 and 6 at Birla Auditorium. It will be ninth conference organized by All India Muslim Educational Society.Union law minister Salman Khurshid , Union minister of state for human resource development E Ahmed along with Wajahat Habibullah, chairman, National Commission for Minorities will participate in a session on May 6.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh , health minister AA Khan and education minister Brij Kishore Sharma along with social activist Rajendra Sachar will speak in the conference.\"The delegates will discuss the educational and socio economic upliftment of Muslims in the light of Union and state government schemes and policies concerning minorities,\" said Azam Baig, convener of conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861087", "title": "Encroachment on footpaths rampant in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: If footpaths in Pune are no longer walkable, the situation in the twin township of Pimpri Chinchwad is no better.Several internal roads do not have footpaths at all while those on main roads have been encroached upon, forcing pedestrians to take to roads.At most places, footpaths are used to park two-wheelers or four-wheelers. Shop-keepers use the space to keep their overflowing goods. The situation prevails near Formica company in Nigdi, Gems Auto in Akurdi, near commercial complexes in Chinchwad and Morwadi in Pimpri. Tracks along the Pune-Mumbai highway near KSB Pumps, Kamala Crossroads in Pimpri and Big Bazaar in Chinchwad, have met with a similar fate.During peak hours, Pimpri Camp, the old market area, has no space for people to stand. The footpaths in Ajmera and Masulkar colony too have hawkers and vehicles using space meant exclusively for pedestrians. Fish vendors occupy the space at Nehrunagar chowk on the Pimpri-Bhosari Road.Pedestrians find no space of their own at Thermax chowk on Telco road in Akurdi to Sane chowk in Chikhli. Large number of food stalls have occupied the space near Bhel chowk in Nigdi. The Bhakti Shakti garden in Nigdi is a busy place in the evening as hawkers selling toys and food and giving joy rides to children find footpaths the best place to operate their businesses.Ajit Ovhal, a resident of Pimpri, said, \"Pimpri Camp is the main market. But many footpaths are either encroached upon by vehicles or goods kept by shopkeepers.\" Gaurav Mane, a resident of Chinchwad, said, \"Footpaths along roads from Chapekar chowk to Moraya Gosavi temple are occupied by parked vehicles and hawkers.\" Satish Kadam of Thergaon said, \"Footpaths along the roads in Dange chowk in Thergaon are used by hawkers and vehicles.\" Ravi Kamble, a resident of Kalewadi said, \"The footpaths along the main Kalewadi road from MM school chowk to Pimpri bridge is encroached by hawkers, goods displayed by shopkeepers and parked vehicles so the pedestrains have to walk on the road risking their lives.\"Civic activist Vikas Patil, who is also the president of the Janheet Sanvardhan Samiti, said, \"Encroachments on footpaths along the Pune-Mumbai highway are by people who have political support. Hawkers who use footpaths on internal roads are supported by corporators. So the civic officials are rendered helpless.\"Earlier, footpaths were at a higher level than the road, which reduced the chances of encroachments by hawkers. But now the PCMC has created footpaths that are at the same level as that of roads. \"The anti-encroachment squads swing into action in afternoon hours when there are hardly any hawkers on roads. The main activity starts around 5 pm and continues late in the night,\" said Patil.Social activist Raju Savale from Sangvi said, \"Paving blocks are of low quality. As a result, they get damaged within six months. The paving blocks have to be relaid often which causes waste of public money. So, the PCMC must use better quality paving blocks.\"M T Kamble, joint city engineer of PCMC, said, \"The anti-encroachment squad takes regular action against violators. Zonal officers have been empowered to act against encroachers. Citizens should complain to zonal offices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12864286", "title": "Woman\u2019s suicide: Husband, in-laws booked", "text": "SURAT: City police have registered a case of abetment to suicide and dowry against the husband and his family members in connection with the death of a 29-year-old woman after she fell from the ninth floor of an apartment at Sarthana on Monday.Rinku Haresh Hirpara, a resident of Vrajratna residency, had allegedly jumped to her death from the ninth floor. The body was recovered by police with multiple wounds.Sources said the deceased hailed from Upletha in Rajkot district and had been married to Haresh Hirpara, a teacher with a private school, for the last five years. The couple was childless.Police said a case under Sections 306 and 498 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) has been registered against the husband and his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12868029", "title": "Bi-weekly train from city to Mumbai", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Northern Railway authorities giving their approval, the additional train connecting the city with Bandra, Mumbai, shall have its maiden run on May 2.Temporarily named, Chandigarh-Bandra Holiday Special, it will be a bi-weekly train to Mumbai. The standard 20 bogie train shall include sleeper class bogies, besides two AC 3 tier and two AC 2 tier bogies.This additional train will also come in handy for passengers who are on the waiting list. According to sources in the railways, details regarding the train have already been entered in the computer records, and this train shall give an option to those whose seats are yet to be confirmed.\"The train shall leave the city for Bandra on Wednesday (May 2) and it will leave Bandra for Chandigarh the next day,'' G M Singh, senior divisional commercial railway manager, Ambala division, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12861239", "title": "Two cops detained in probe into panchayat president\u2019s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday detained two policemen in connection with the murder of a village panchayat president at Vellavedu near Tiruvallur last week. Veeran, 38, a member of the Puratchi Bharatham party who was elected president of the Thirumanam panchayat, was hacked to death by four motorcycle-borne men on Friday morning.Police officers investigating the case questioned the two policemen after they found that the victim had spoken to them before being killed.\"We suspect the hands of the policemen in the murder as the victim had called them up twice minutes before the murder. We have also collected the call details of the two policemen. They are being interrogated to find out if they were involved in the incident,\" an investigating officer said.Four men on two motorcycles, all wearing full-face helmets, approached the victim who was talking to his friend at a paddy field. Before he realized what was happening, they attacked Veeran with lethal weapons and fled. A few villagers gave chase, but the assailants managed to escape, police said.Police said that the murder plot was perfectly planned as the assailants knew the exact time when Veeran would leave home and that he would meet his friend at the paddy field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860928", "title": "Twin murders shock South Delhi, no arrests yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: In two separate cases, two people were found murdered in different areas of south Delhi on Tuesday. No arrests have been made.In the first incident, a decomposed body of a contractor was found at his residence in Vasant Vihar on Tuesday morning, police said. The contractor, Ram Singh, was a native of Bhind in Madhya Pradesh and was in his twenties, police said.Injury marks have been found on Singh's body and police suspect that he was strangled to death after being assaulted. He could have died three-four days ago, sources said.The incident came to light after Singh's neighbours complained of foul smell coming from his flat. Police was informed and they broke open the door of his residence. Initially his body could not be identified, but Singh's neighbors helped establish the identity, police said. The body has been sent for autopsy which will be conducted after the family members are present, police said.In the second incident, a 40-year-old man was found murdered with his throat slit in Safdarjung area, south Delhi. The body was found dumped next to a drain near Green Field School, police said.The deceased, Dharampal was a resident of R K Puram and a native of Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh. According to police sources, Dharampal was stabbed twice on his neck and once on his chest.Dharmpal's daughter was to get married in two weeks, and police are now investigating if that had anything to do with the murder. One Preetam Bahadur (40), resident of Nepal , has been missing since the incident. Preetam worked as a chef at a restaurant in Safdarjung, police said.Police had received a tipoff that Dharmpal had an argument with Bahadur a few days ago and they suspected that he may have committed the crime and fled.The body has been sent for autopsy and a case of murder has been registered. Teams have been sent to Railway station and bus stands as cops suspect Bahadur may try to flee, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863340", "title": "Sasi Kumar\u2019s Sundarapandiyan", "text": "Director-producer-actor M Sasi Kumar has decided to don the greasepaint once again. All eyes were on him on what he would choose to do next and Sasi Kumar has decided on acting. Interestingly, this film will not be directed by his buddy Samthuirakani.Sasi Kumar has chosen his assistant Prabhu to direct him in the film which has been titled Sundarapandiyan. The shooting of Sundarapandiyan will begin today along with an auspicious pooja, says his publicist Nikhil Murugan.After completing Sundarapandiyan, Sasi Kumar has Kutti Puli to that will need his attention. This film is in the pre-production stage now. Details about Kutti Puli will be announced officially, say sources in the tinsel town.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866049", "title": "Nag\u2019s next movie is a Love Story", "text": "Nagarjuna has been pre occupied with period films like Rajanna and mythological flicks like Shirdi Sai Baba and hasn't acted in a pure romantic film in a long time. But looks like the actor will be acting in one soon. He is teaming up with director Dasarath for his next flick. The film has been titled Love Story. Nayanathara is playing the female lead in the movie touted to be a romantic comedy aka Manmadhudu. Thaman is composing the music for the movie produced by Shiva Prasad Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864180", "title": "Gulki Joshi's big plunge", "text": "Gulki Joshi, the newbie on 'Phir Subah Hogi', is making quite a splash, literally. Within a month of the commencement of the shoot, the girl has not only impressed with her fine acting prowess, but also her willingness to do all the daredevil stunts by herself.Recently, while shooting for the first episode of the show in Wai (a quaint village near Mahabaleshwar), Gulki stunned everyone with her decision to do a staggering jump in the middle of a deep lake for a particular scene. Despite having a body double at hand, Gulki, in order to lend authenticity to the scene, refused to use a double and took the plunge herself. In the midst of extremes, with heat burning her skin and the cold water numbing her feet, Gulki took the challenge which even many male actors might have gunned down. Waseem Sabir, the directorof the show said, \"The mucky, cold water was least of her concerns. There was a moment when she had to rise from the water and ended up with the edge of the boat hitting her chin. While we watched her perform with bated breath, she went on relentlessly. Gulki has truly got into the skin of the character and proven her mettle as a true actress.\" When asked about her death defying act, said an elated Gulki, \"For adrenaline junkies like me, there's nothing more exhilarating than doing something that I have never done before. I'm so happy that I decided to do it myself. This is my first big show. I don't want to leave any stone unturned for PhirSubah Hogi .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhadreswar (hooghly)", "code": "12860622", "title": "Officer in charge transferred after rape charge", "text": "BHADRESWAR (HOOGHLY): The officer in charge of Bhadreswar police station has been transferred after a woman leveled charges of rape against him. District police super Tanmoy Roy Chowdhury said that no disciplinary action is being taken against the OC just now as rape is yet to be confirmed. The CID has taken up the case.Late on Monday, a 26-year-old woman turned up at Bhadreswar police station and alleged that she had been raped by OC Mithun Banerjee. The woman, whose husband served a sentence for dacoity and was released from prison on April 21, claimed that she was brought to the police station by a vehicle sent by the OC and then raped in his quarter.\"The OC threatened that he would frame my husband and send him to jail once again. I love my husband and am ready to do anything to save him. When he sent a vehicle to pick me up on Monday, I came readily as I wanted to plead with him on my husband's behalf. He asked me to go to his official quarter behind the police station and raped me there. I did not raise an alarm as I was scared that he would kill me,\" the woman told journalists after lodging her complaint.The woman was sent for medical examination after she filed her complaint. The case was handed over to the CID and Banerjee was transferred.The OC, however, claimed the charge was cooked up by the woman after he sent two constables to speak to her husband. \"Her husband has just served a sentence for dacoity. I didn't want him to get involved in any criminal activities in my jurisdiction. I sent the policemen with a message. They told him that if he got involved in any crime, he would be arrested and put behind the bars immediately. This is normal police procedure. There was no threat issued,\" Banerjee said.On Tuesday, Spl IG Basab Talukdar, SP and CID officers visited the Bhadreswar police station. \"Till now, rape has not been confirmed. Since the woman has made such a serious allegation, we shall investigate the matter further. We have transferred the OC as we don't want him to be part of the probe. No disciplinary proceedings will start against him at the moment. If it is proved that he was involved in any criminal act, action will be taken,\" Roy Chowdhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12863636", "title": "Rajya Sabha adjourned for day after paying tributes to sitting SP member", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha was today adjourned for the day as mark of respect to sitting Samajwadi Party member Brij Bhushan Tiwari.Tiwari, who had taken oath as a member of the Upper House only yesterday on being elected for the second term, died here early this morning following a heart attack.Chairman Hamid Ansari mentioned the passing away of Tiwari after six new members, including railway minister Mukul Roy, took oath.Born in October 1941 in Siddhartha Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh, Tiwari had his education at Allahabad University and worked for uplift of the downtrodden sections, Ansari said. An agriculturalist, advocate and social worker, Tiwari began his legislative career in 1997 when he was elected to the Lok Sabha, he said adding that he was member of the Lok Sabha two more times. He represented the state of Uttar Pradesh in the Upper House from December 2006 to July 2010 and was re-elected last month.\"In passing away of Shri B B Tiwari, the country has lost a veteran parliamentarian and a noted social worker. We deeply mourn the passing away of Shri B B Tiwari,\" he said.The House observed silence as mark of respect to the departed soul, after which Ansari adjourned it for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862173", "title": "Over 5 crore Indian teens anaemic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acute anemia is crippling India's youngsters, especially those aged between 15 and 19 years.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Tuesday said more than five crore adolescents is anemic in India. Adolescent girls are more vulnerable to anemia due to the rapid growth of the body and loss of blood during menstruation.Unicef's State of the Adolescents report 2012, says nearly 50% of Indian adolescent girls (15-19 years) are underweight, with a body mass index of less than 18.5.Anemia, most commonly iron-deficiency anemia, increases the maternal risk of hemorrhage and sepsis during childbirth. It causes cognitive and physical deficits in young children and reduces productivity in adults. Women and young children are most vulnerable to anemia due to insufficient iron in their diets.Alarmed by the trend, the Union health ministry has decided to roll out a weekly Iron and Folic Acid Supplementation (WIFS) programme for adolescents. It will be implemented in both rural and urban areas and will cover school going adolescent girls and boys from Standard VI to XII enrolled in government/government-aided/municipal schools.Azad said over 55% of adolescent boys and girls in the 15-19 age group are anemic. The National Family Health Survey-III says almost 56% of adolescent girls (aged 15-19 years) suffer from some form of anemia. Of these, 39% are mildly anemic, while 15% and 2% suffer from moderate and severe anemia, respectively.\"In India, the highest prevalence of anemia is reported among the 12-13-year olds, which also coincides with the average age of menarche. With increase in age, the prevalence of anemia among girls remains almost stagnant, while among boys, the prevalence rate reduces,\" Azad added.A health ministry note says, \"India has a very high prevalence of adolescent anemia. Out of the 12.2 crore adolescents in India, approximately 5.7 crore are girls out of which 3.2 crore are anemic. There are 6.5 crore boys in this age out of which approximately 2 crore are anemic. Addressing anemia is critical. WIFS will cover 12.72 crore adolescents, 5.74 crore girls and boys enrolled in class VI-XII of government and government-aided schools and 6.97 crore out of school girls. Fixed day in a week, preferably a Monday, will be earmarked as the day when Iron and Folic Acid tablet will be provided to adolescent.\"Anuradha Gupta, mission director of the National Rural Health Mission, said the key features of WIFS include administration of supervised weekly IFA supplements, screening of target groups for moderate/severe anemia and referring these cases to an appropriate health facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859493", "title": "Maoists recruiting cadres in Balaghat?", "text": "BHOPAL: People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA), the military wing of the Maoists, has reportedly become active in Balaghat district of eastern Madhya Pradesh, raising worries about the possibility of a major rebel violence in the region, according to intelligence inputs.PLGA cadres, comprising rebels from Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh, were reportedly camping in the jungles of Baiher and Lanji tehsil of Balaghat, if police sources can be believed. They were trying hard to induct young blood into the PLGA. Maoist cadres have visited some villages to woo the youth into their fold, top police sources said.One Dilip Gua, a resident at village Motra under Roopjhar police station in Baiher, was allegedly heading the local fighting unit of the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist). He has been assigned the task of strengthening the cadre in Balaghat - a place which is considered to be the safe haven for the Red rebels from Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh, the input suggested.Though the PLGA movement has been reported in Balaghat in the past also, this is for the first time that it has been camping in that district since January - an indication that they could stay put in the forests of eastern MP, a police officer said.\"We are also aware that the PLGA is trying hard to prepare its base in the far-flung villages. Police have stepped up vigil and efforts are being made to check their movement. We are going to nip them in the bud,\" claimed inspector general of police (Balaghat range) UR Netam.The Maoists were active in Balaghat since 1992 when they killed an alleged police informer J Singh. Subsequently, more than 40 policemen and 37 civilians, including former MP minister Lakhiram Kaware, fell victims to the Maoist violence in the district.Meanwhile, state's anti-Maoist force - Hawk Force, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) along with district police have been deployed in the sensitive areas of Balaghat to combat the rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861201", "title": "All eyes on mayor as opposition unites on sanitation issue", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG House meeting on Wednesday is likely to be a stormy session with the mayor flip-flopping on the issue of awarding the sanitation contract to Balaji Security Service. Earlier, all the councillors, including mayor Vimal Yadav, had signed an affidavit and sent it to the MCG commissioner and state financial commissioner demanding blacklisting of the agency for doing a shoddy job.But in a surprising turn of events last week, the mayor told a section of the media that he was not against the contractor. This has united the opposition members, who now plan to demand the mayor's resignation if he adopts a soft stance on blacklisting of Balaji.\"It came as a shock when we read in newspapers that the mayor is now supporting an agency that has already been delisted by the Municipal Corporation of Faridabad. It appears that Balaji has influenced the mayor. But we will raise the matter in House meeting and if he still backs the tainted agency, we will demand his resignation,\" said a councillor.Another councillor Sunita Kataria said: \"The mayor was in my ward on Monday and he assured us that he will not support Balaji. However, if he backtracks, we will protests.\" Despite repeated attempts, the mayor could not be reached for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864222", "title": "Actors don't fit into politics: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt , who was associated with a political party for a short period, feels that actors do not fit into the world of politics \"as they are innocent people\".Sanjay had entered politics as a Samajwadi Party candidate for the Lucknow Parliamentary constituency. The Samajwadi Party later appointed the Bollywood actor as its general secretary. However, barely a year after, expressing sadness over the way his 'mentor' Amar Singh was treated in the party, Sanjay had resigned from the post and subsequently quit the party.\"I learnt one thing...you got to go there and speak and promise so many things. If you do that then you have to fulfil so many things. I don't think it ever happens. It is a different world. Who will give lecture and all I don't know all that. I don't know why I entered politics...what happened. I did a mistake. I don't think any actor fits there completely,\" Sanjay Dutt, told PTI.There are several B-town celebrities, who have joined politics like Hema Malini , Shatrughan Sinha , Dharmendra , Jaya Prada , Raj Babbar and few others.\"As far as actors are concerned Like Dharamji couldn't do it (politics). Hemaji is there, but still not there. Shatru saheb is there, but seems he has not got his dues. Shatru saheb would have been a CM by now...what work he has done... and what a good human being he is. I feel actors are very innocent people. Everyone will try and get their work out of them,\" Sanjay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860515", "title": "ICSE council asks schools to change courier", "text": "KOLKATA: The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) has asked the convener of zone C of the ICSE examination, Jerry Gomes , and the as well as theprincipals of the two affected schools to change the courier service that will both deliver the question papers and as well asdispatch the answer scripts after the Geography re-examination on April 30.\"I have received an intimation communicationfrom the council specifying that a re-examination will have to be organized on Monday. They have also asked me to get in touch with the convener andinspector and tomake necessary arrangements. I expect to receive the question papers within the next couple of days,\" said Gomes.He added, \"They have also informed us that Overnite Express will deliver the question papers and the answer scripts will have to be dispatched on the same day by that courier.\"The 320 geography answer scripts for the ICSE examinations that were lost went missingin transit still remained untraceable on Tuesday. Though DTDC pulled the panic trigger anddesperately went on a searching spree, the copies could not be found.\"We have no further information. We will now be consulting with our lawyers totake legal action after consulting our lawyersnow. The process is on.But, at the moment our concern is to finish off with the re-examination,\" said Modern High School principal Devi Kar.Trouble began on Monday when a month-and-a-half after they had taken their ICSE exams, 166 students of Modern High School in south Kolkata learnt to their horror that their geography answer scripts had gone missing . Couriered by DTDC soon after the exam was held on March 7, the scripts were dispatched to CISCE's Delhi office. About a month ago, the school discovered that the papers were untraceable when they verified the status of the consignment online. Even though the CISCE was informed about the loss immediately, it responded only on Friday, saying that they have not received the answer scripts and that Modern High School should lodge a complaint. The same consignment had geography answer scripts of the Frank Anthony School, Beniapukur, which have also gone missing. A re-examination for students of both schools will be taken on April 30 at 9 am as per rules of the board.When Modern High sought a clarification from DTDC, the courier company told them that the entire consignment was lost. It triggered panic in the school which immediately summoned parents. On Monday evening, a complaint was lodged at the local Karaya police station. The school sent SMSes to parents on Saturday asking them to attend an urgent meeting at the school on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12862946", "title": "Survey finds Bangalore has India\u2019s worst-behaved motorists", "text": "BANGALORE: That the motorists in Bangalore don't seem to care for pedestrians has been a subject of intense debate for long. The debate has been set to rest by a New Delhi-based green group's report that statistically shows Bangalore's deficiency in this category.Among the seven Indian cities surveyed, Bangalore scores the lowest - a measly 30 out of 100 - in the 'motorist behaviour' category, one of the nine parameters considered to determine the walkability (walking infrastructure availability) of a city.The survey was initially conducted in 13 Asian cites and later extended to seven Indian cities - Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Bhubaneswar, Indore, Rajkot and Surat. The survey's objective is to rate the Indian cities on walkability parameters and to inform policymakers and stakeholders on the changes required.Bangalore's low score implies that vehicles seldom stop for pedestrians to cross a road and often halt on the zebra crossing at signals leaving pedestrians with minimum or no space to cross a road. At times, vehicles are driven on the footpaths, robbing the pedestrians of their exclusive zone. More worrying is that the areas where schools are located, too, fared equally badly.Of the nine parameters set by the survey agency, Clean Air Initiative for Asian Cities, Bangalore individually scored the lowest in the 'disability infrastructure' category with a shocking low of 24 against 100. The whole of Asia - and India, in particular - scored very low under the disability infrastructure parameter. This means the differently abled people (visually challenged or wheelchair bound) will find the city roads very unfriendly, with difficulty in moving on the footpaths or even cross roads in the absence of facilities like ramps, lifts or tactile pavements.A New Delhi-based Clean Air Initiative for Asian Cities (CAI Asia) has conducted a survey on nine parameters considered to determine the Walkability (walking infrastructure availability) of a city. The survey was was carried out in 13 Asian cites and then scaled up to seven Indian cities --Bhuvaneshwar , Chennai, Indore , Pune, Rajkot, Surat and Bangalore. The data was generated by field surveys and pedestrian interviews.In the overall walkability index (9 parameters put together ), Bangalore scored 45. To put this in perspective, Chennai scored 40, Bhuvaneswar 50, Pune scored the highest with 54. Surat scored 43 and Rajkot's score stood at 53. Hong Kong was the best in Asia with a score of 70.\"With high vehicular speed and wide roads, pedestrians are likely to find themselves at a terrible disadvantage and certainly marginalized,\" said Sameera Kumar Ananthpur, transport researcher, CAI Asia. For instance , the Airport Road to Devanahalli is a death trap for pedestrians, where six to eight lanes cross and vehicles moving at 60 to 100 kmph. Add to that no median refuge and poor lighting.\"Unfortunately , city planners don't seem to realize this and continue to cater to motorists who are a minority. Every year Bangalore sees over 900 road accident deaths and close to 50% are pedestrians and cyclists and alarmingly this percentage is on the rise. The question cities need to ask themselves here is: for whom is the city being built and is the city livable,\" the study notes.The survey states that pedestrian policy paper and the Bangalore comprehensive traffic and transportation study envisions a pedestrian mode share target of only 20% by 2025, against the 80% share of motorists on the city roads.Times ViewDespite its relative economic well-being , Bangalore has been found most uncouth on roads. We show no consideration even for the differently abled. To qualify as a decent city to live in, Bangalore needs to get its act together. Enforcement of traffic rules should be tightened. More importantly, drivers, especially young ones, must be sensitized on the rights of pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867633", "title": "'Meghalaya village bodies trying to snatch Assam land'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Sniffing fresh conspiracy to create tension in tribal villages along the Assam-Meghalaya border once again, the Garo National Council (GNC) on Tuesday alleged that a section of village bodies in Meghalaya are hand-in -glove with anti-social elements to snatch Assam land.Concerned over the notice issued by the Hima Raid Mansaw Council to some Assam villagers for opposing settlement of people belonging to Maram Khasi group of Meghalaya in Assam, GNC, a social organization of the Garo community in Assam, urged the Assam government to beef up security along the Assam-Meghalaya border in lower Assam's Kamrup (Rural) and Goalpara districts.\"We are very much concerned over the Hima Raid Mansaw Council's move. One of the sardars of the Hima Raid Mansaw Council, along with some of officials of the council, want to carve out Garo-inhabited Bangjeng village and 22 other Khasi villages from Assam,\" alleged Benedict Areng, the president of GNC, while addressing the media here.He said the sardar of the Hima Raid Mansaw Council has been able to include Samrang village in Meghalaya by settling 21 Maram Khasi families from West Khasi Hills in Samrang, which belongs to Assam. \"Those villagers who protested the move of the sardar have been issued summons by the Hima Raid Mansaw Council to come to Umjaniang village to give a reply on April 21,\" questioned Areng.The GNC had approached the Kamrup (Rural) district administration of Assam regarding the recent developments at Samrang village, but said the administration is yet to take steps on the issue. \"Altogether 37 families living at Samrang village were allotted land pattas by Boko revenue circle of Kamrup (rural) district. They have got ration cards from the Assam government. How can the Meghalaya government claim the village. A similar approach has been adopted by the officials of Meghalaya government in 105 Assam villages along the Assam-Meghlaya border,\" said Areng.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12863713", "title": "Govt forgets vow to preserve actor\u2019s home", "text": "MYSORE: It's six years since Rajkumar passed away, but he remains a cult figure, and his legion of fans is only increasing .The hit song rendered by the actor, 'Tanuvu Manavu Indu Nindaagide ' from 'Raaja Nanna Raaja', is the caller tune that Jayasimha, the actor's old friend, has chosen .Jayasimha says though Rajkumar is a legend, the memorial for him at his native Doddagajanur is still a dream . \"The problem is the actor is remembered only on his birth anniversary . Even the government has not delivered its promise to convert the thatched hut where Rajkumar loved to spend time, into a memorial,\" he told TOI. \"We did some groundwork and took architects to the site, but it didn't move forward . The hut remains as it is.\"Located 2km from Talvadi, a hobli in Erode district, Tamil Nadu, Rajkumar's village borders Karnataka's Chamarajnagar district . On April 12, 2006, when Bangalore burned in the aftermath of the violence that followed the actor's death, villagers of Doddagajanur gathered and rendered bhajans in front of the hut. That's because he loved them .Six years down the line, the village the actor loved to visit and where he planned to retire, has a memorial : a junction named after him . The plaque proudly reads 'Padmabhushana Dr Rajkumar Circle' . Except this, there is hardly anything special that links the village to the actor . On his visits to the village, he would spend time sitting outside the hut. The family owns a palatial bungalow in the village, which has a population of around 1,500.So attached was he to his roots that he did not allow the one-room hut where he spent his childhood, to be altered . The structure, believed to be over 90 years, remains as it is. The government is silent on preserving this abode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864650", "title": "Medha Patkar in court over her assault", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Social activist Medha Patkar appeared before a magisterial court on Tuesday, a decade after she filed a compliant against five members of the Hindutva brigade that severely beat her up during a peace meeting at Gandhi Ashram in 2002.Patkar appeared for deposition in response to a witness summons issued by the court last week. After the proceedings, Patkar said that the delay of 10 years in such a case was too much. \"I always tried that prosecution took place earlier, but due to lack of communication my deposition was not possible,\" she said.Patkar, a prominent leader of the Narmada Bachao Andolan, visited the city and attended a meeting organized at Gandhi Ashram on April 7, 2002 to protest against the riots. She was singled out and brutally beaten up allegedly by members of the saffron brigade that targeted her by terming her anti-Gujarat for her stand on the Narmada issue. The police had to lathi-charge the mob. Some journalists covering the event were also hurt as they faced the fury from the mob as well as the police.Three days later, Patkar faxed her complaint from Badvani in Madhya Pradesh. A probe was conducted on basis of her accusations and the Sabarmati police filed a charge-sheet against four persons. Those charged by police were former city mayor Amit Shah, president of BJP Yuva Morcha Amit Thaker, Rohit Patel and Vinaykumar Saxena. Police charged them with unlawful assembly , rioting, causing hurt, wrongful restraint and criminal intimidation. The four were arrested in June that year and later released on bail.The Investigating Officer cited 72 witnesses, who included Gandhian leaders, social activists and academicians who participated in the meeting . Journalists and some senior policemen were also made witnesses.During the court proceedings on Tuesday, metropolitan magistrate A S Desai asked a few questions to Patkar about her qualification and address and adjourned the process of her deposition till June 18.Meanwhile, a resolution not to proceed with cases as passed by the local bar association in the wake of the death of a senior advocate was also a reason behind the adjournment.While Patkar was in the witness box, all four persons accused of criminal intimidation and beating her were standing barely two feet away from her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865097", "title": "Remove encroachment near temple, HC tells govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday asked the Tiruvannamalai district authorities to take immediate steps for the removal of encroachments along the Girivalam (circumambulation ) path around the hill and warned the officials of action if they fail to act against encroachers.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, passing orders on a public interest writ petition filed by C M Sivababu, district president of the Hindu Makkal Katchi, said: \"It is high time the officials took immediate steps for removal of encroachments . If they fail to discharge their duties, then appropriate action shall be taken against them by the government.\"In his petition, Sivababu said one Veda Viththu alias Kannan had encroached a piece of land on a portion of foothill, which is right behind the renowned Arunachaleeswarar temple. He also claimed that the encroacher had damaged a part of the hill by blasting it with explosives in order to build an unauthorized temple.The district collector, in his affidavit, admitted that Kannan had indeed encroached upon a portion of the hill near the temple and that action against him was under active consideration of the authorities. The collector said the land belonged to the government and the encroacher had been advised not to carry out any further construction there.He said that the tahsildar had visited the spot. The encroacher, on his part, had stopped further construction, the collector said, adding the officials were dutybound to remove the encroachments .The first bench, taking note of the collector's admission, said: \"From the statement made by the district collector, it is evidently clear that the officials had allowed the construction, and although they were dutybound to remove the encroachment, till date nothing has been done.\"Pointing out that the Supreme Court had ordered demolition of all religious structures standing on government lands or public roads, the judges asked the district authorities to remove the encroachments immediately .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863246", "title": "Venkat Prabhu\u2019s Dubai visit", "text": "Venkat Prabhu is off on a vacation with his family. The director is getting ready to commence his next film and wants to rejuvenate before beginning the shooting. Also, his daughter has her school vacations on which prompted Venkat Prabhu to take off to Dubai.He has said that his family will stay there for a week before returning back to Chennai. Soon after his return, Venkat will set the ball rolling for the shooting of his next film. It is said that Suriya is gearing up to get onboard this project which is to be produced by Studio Green's Gnanavel Raja.It is worth mentioning here that Venkat Prabhu's previous film Mankatha, which starred Ajith, had a massive opening and therefore the expectations on this film is more.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866329", "title": "Shivrajkumar supports Royal Challengers Bangalore", "text": "Shivarajkumar has been following IPL very closely these days. The actor, who has been looking forward to the matches, has been supporting Royal Challengers Bangalore .Shivanna is busy shooting Lakshmi and has been managing his film schedules to attend the IPL matches that are taking place in Bangalore. He makes sure to be there to support and cheer for Vijay Mallya's Royal Challengers Bangalore.The actor has signed a film called Andhar Bahar in which he plays a professional jockey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863228", "title": "Russell traders ready to bear their cross", "text": "A day after Russell Market reopened for business, traders are looking forward to the good old days. Russell Market Traders' Association president Naseer Ahmed is not very concerned that the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has washed its hands of the market, and is refusing to certify the structure's safety. He also rubbished outgoing deputy mayor N Harish's ideas of converting it into a mall.With BBMP out of the picture, what next? How will you ensure the building is safe?We had roped in government licensed contractors to rebuild the burnt shops and renovate the market. They created partitions for many shops to avert the spread of fire. Bescom changed the electrical wiring for the entire market and we spent Rs 4 lakh for the electrical renovation. These authorities have given us fitness certificates. Despite this, if there is any accident, we will take the blame and not blame BBMP. It is a heritage structure and BBMP should value it and not raze it, as the deputy mayor suggested some time ago.Is it an ego issue between you and the BBMP which resulted in the controversy ? What is the solution to this?Yes, they have ego issues with us. We had no authority to renovate their property . But when we took pains to repair and renovate the market, why should they be angry with us and decide overnight that the building is no longer safe and the no-objection certificate should not be given? We did not burden the cash-strapped BBMP to spend on the market. Ideally, they should support us for our initiative.Do you think the CM is behind you? If so, why didn't a single government official turn up for the inauguration?The chief minister took a rather bold stand in calling up BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda right in front of us when we went to meet him last Friday. He told the commissioner to sit with him and us (traders) after three months and discuss feasible ideas. He has been very supportive , and the local MLA and corporators have extended a lot of help. The MLA has been mobilizing workers to clear space around the market for parking.Were you involved in talks with the BBMP on converting it into a mall?It was outgoing deputy mayor Harish's idea of razing the heritage building and constructing a shopping complex, which is impossible. They cannot have underground parking facility because they will hit water three feet below the surface. There is an SC order too, that heritage markets should be kept intact. If they have parking facility, and charge around Rs25, who will come and buy vegetables? We will lose our livelihood. There are 478 shop owners and the market employs about 3,000 people; nearly 15,000 people will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863707", "title": "Directors dare to explore new subjects", "text": "There was a time when Indian directors would think twice before exploring a subject like sperm donation on screen. Will actors and producers want to get on board and, most importantly, would they be mature enough not to confuse such movies as the director's cinematic wanderings into the land of sleaze?Three movies - \" I Am\", \" Laptop\" and \" Vicky Donor\" - addressing the issue of sperm donation, seem to have erased doubts in the minds of directors. The result? Indian viewers are embracing subjects that would earlier be swept under the carpet.Says \"VD\" director Shoojit Sircar, \"The word, 'sperm', is no longer a taboo in our society. I heard youngsters are recommending the film to their parents. I don't think I could think of such a situation five years ago. The idea was suggested by a female copywriter. That too is an indication of the change in societal norms.\"Convincing actors too is no longer a problem. \"For actors like Purab Kohli and Rahul Bose , playing sperm donors is no big deal. Mainstream stars might still have inhibitions,\" says Onir, the director of \"I Am\". John Abraham , apparently, didn't bat an eyelid before turning producer for \"VD\". \"A big production house had rejected the movie but John was more than forthcoming. John's backing made a huge difference to the way the film was viewed and accepted. Even Salim Khan appreciated the movie. My scriptwriter and I have plans to meet him,\" Shoojit adds.It's not just the subject of sperm donation. Actors and directors are now openly portraying so-called taboo topics like impotence. \"In \"Laptop\", Saswata Chatterjee plays an impotent man. Portraying impotence can be tougher than playing a sperm donor on screen. Saswata didn't have any inhibitions,\" says \"Laptop\" director Kaushik, adding, \"In 2003, I had done a telefilm on sperm donation called \"Utso Hote\". People had loved it then. So, to say that viewers were never ready for such subjects is wrong. However, I could make a full-length film on this only in 2012. The change is for the better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12859874", "title": "XITE platform for aspiring biz mangers", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Aspiring business managers from the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (SC/ST) communities will soon get a platform to sharpen their aptitude skills to crack the XLRI admission test.XLRI-promoted Xavier Institute of Tribal Education ( XITE-Gamharia) will introduce exclusive XAT coaching classes for the aspiring students from the SC/ST communities. \"The six-month coaching will begin in July (for the 2013 XAT examination),\" said XITE director Father E A Augustine.As part of the initiative to empower the otherwise marginalized and downtrodden communities, XITE decided to impart coaching to the aspiring business managers. \"In the past, we have witnessed that tribal and scheduled caste students were unable to perform effectively (in XAT) apparently due to poor preparedness so the purpose is to lift their level of preparation,\" said an XITE official.The director said the candidates would have to pay a nominal charge for the 25-odd-week coaching session and candidates from across the country could apply for the admission. \"Depending on the (number of) applications, we will decide the (batch) strength,\" said the director.He also said faculties from different academic institutions would be hired for imparting coaching to the candidates. \"They could be from XLRI, XIT or from outstation business schools,\" said Father Augustine.Founded in 2003 by Jamshedpur Jesuit Society, XITE, a business cradle, has been running three-year integrated BBA course successfully, which is open to students from all communities, and from the current academic year (2012-13), the college has also added BCA discipline to its list. The institute has recently come up with a school wing spread across 35 acres to give shape to what it describes as a unique \"KG to PG\" project. \"The objective behind the KG-to-PG project is to provide quality education right from LKG and thus, lay a strong foundation for higher education ,\" said Father Augustine.He said the students are admitted to KG or in Classes I, II and III. Once admitted, the children would continue to be promoted to higher classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860640", "title": "A 'sea of humanity' in support of fishermen", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Fisheries Co-ordination Committee will form a 'Sea of humanity' (human chain) along the coast, from Manjeswaram in Kasaragod district to Iraiman Thurai in Kanyakumari district, on April 28. The event is being organized to highlight the need to protect the lives and rights of fishermen across the state.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, co-ordination committee convener T Peter said the human chain would touch 222 fishing villages across the state. Members of civil society, political leaders and fisher folks would form part of the human chain. The demands of the co-ordination committee include cancellation of the Union government order declaring the whole of Arabian Sea as high alert area and strengthening of coastal security in close coordination with fisher folks. The committee also wants the government to restrict the movement of ships beyond 60 nautical miles from the coast.Those who participate in the human chain would take a pledge to moot more concrete actions towards sea safety. Thiruvananthapuram archbishop Soosai Pakiyam, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, health minister V S Sivakumar and RSP national secretary T J Chandrachoodan would join the chain at Shanghumugham beach here at 4pm on Saturday.KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala , opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and CPM leader P K Gurudasan would join the chain in Kollam coast.Other office bearers of the co-ordination committee, Fr Yujin Pereira, Pulluvila Stanly, Augustine Thomas, Beemapally Rasheed, Vettukad Solaman and Pulluvila Lawrence were also present in the press conference.Kerala Fisheries Coordination Commitee will form a 'Sea of humanity' (human chain) along the coast, from Manjeswaram in KasAaragod district to Iraiman Thurai in Kanyakumari district, on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12864342", "title": "'Shanghai' is about India, not just Bengal: Dibakar", "text": "Trailers of the upcoming political thriller 'Shanghai' remind the audience of the land acquisition troubles at Singur and Nandigram as well as the promise made by West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of turning Kolkata into London, but director Dibakar Banerjee denies any such link.\"No particular person or incident has inspired my film. What happened in Singur has also happened at other places. What has been said by a politician in Maharashtra might have been said by a Kashmiri politician as well,\" Dibakar said when asked about similarities between the film and what has happened in the state.Stating that focusing only on one incident would have limited the range of Shanghai , the director said his film talks of an \"all-India phenomenon\" where development by means of displacement of the poor has become an issue.The trailer of the film quotes an Indian chief minister as saying \"I will bring Shanghai to India\" reminding Mamata's promise of turning Kolkata into London.On the other hand, Bengali superstar Prosenjit Chatterjee, who plays a political activist, is shown as addressing a group of people advising them on how to handle land acquisition issues.Some of Banerjee's earlier works have been based on real-life stories.His last film Love Sex aur Dhokha was loosely based on the infamous 2004 MMS scandal in Delhi Public School (DPS) while Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! (2008) was inspired by real life shenanigans of Bunty who had robbed hundreds of houses and showrooms in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12867800", "title": "Ludhianvis set lassi bandwagon rolling", "text": "LUDHIANA: The chorus to declare lassi as the national drink is building up as more and more Ludhianavis are jumping on the bandwagon. Exclusive pages are being created on the Internet to give a push to the demand. Besides, special offers are being announced by city restaurants to encourage others to join in the spirited call.\"I had posted that lass jaisi koi nahin and more than 371 people seconded the idea to declare lassi as the national drink instead of tea. This was posted by me twice on \"I Love Ludhiana Page\" after I went through a story on the subject in The Times of India,\" said Harjinder Singh, owner of Hot Breads, Yellow Chilli, who is also the administrator of this page.He pointed out that he has also planned a special event to promote lassi. \"I will be hosting a lassi festival within 2-3 days in Sarabha Nagar market where different varieties of the drink will be offered to the people,\" he added.Vasu Mohan, a 23-year-old business development manager in a private company who is a resident of Civil Lines, has created a special page called 'Lassi our national drink'. \"I personally feel that it is the best drink. I have posted the scanned copy of the TOI news item that really motivated me to start this campaign. I hope that more people join me so that the purpose with which the page has been created is achieved,\" she said.Raghav Kansal, owner of Indian Summer Restaurant, said that they are starting a lassi fest in their restaurant from Wednesday onwards. \"In this fest, we will be offering different flavours of lassi, including mango , strawberry, kiwi , blue curacao and mint flavoured chach. We will also be taking snaps of our customers who favour lassi and put up their photos with their comments on the display board. We will also post these comments on our website Indian Summer 368. I want that pressure is mounted on the central government to get lassi declared as the national drink,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867329", "title": "Sambalpur collector alleges molestation bid by lawyers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sambalpur district collector Mrinalini Darswal has said in her complaint lawyers had attempted to outrage her modesty during Monday's mayhem before police rescued her. The lawyers, on the other hand, have denied the allegations and decided to observe \"Sambalpur Bandh\" on Wednesday in protest against the incident and demanding the ouster of the collector.\"They (lawyers) were prevented from physically manhandling and molesting me by additional superintendent of police D K Deo who arrived at the spot at that moment,\" the district collector wrote in her complaint lodged with the town police station.\"They threatened to molest me publicly and to parade me on the roads to teach me a lesson,\" she has added.Darswal has named 16 lawyers in her complaint. She said the lawyers had chased her and started pelting stones at her. \"Some of these (stones) hit me at my head, stomach, back and other body parts. Some of them tried to grab me from behind,\" she complained, adding \"they threatened to lynch me and set me on fire.\"The collector has also stated that the lawyers called her a Maoist. \"They threw chairs at me and kicked me and blocked my way so that they could assault me physically,\" she wrote.The collector has also mentioned in her FIR that she was worried about her two children who were extremely scared by the attack of the lawyers who damaged her vehicles and property by hurling stones and bricks.The lawyers, however, refuted the collector's allegations. \"No one ever uttered any such word as molestation. Rather, she abused us by using all possible fifthly language for we demanded an apology in public for using such words on lawyers,\" Sambalpur Bar president Pramod Rath said on Tuesday.Police booked the lawyer under sections 147 (rioting), 149 (unlawful assembly), 341 (wrongful restraint), 342 (wrongful confinement), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 294 (obscene act), 336 (endangering life), 307 (attempt to murder), 355 (assault with intent to dishonour a person), 427 (mischief), 452 (house trespass after assault), 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal code. Police also registered a case against the collector under sections 448 (house trespass) of the IPC and the SC/ST Act, based on the lawyers' complaint.Meanwhile, the lawyers organized a bike rally \"to make people aware of their concern for the district.\" \"Everyone knows how lawyers are fighting for the people's cause,\" Rath said on Tuesday. The members of the bar association have also convened an all-party meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12868062", "title": "One dies in mishap near Kharar", "text": "A migrant labourer died and three others were injured in a road accident near Kharar on Tuesday night when an auto these labourers were commuting in was hit by a speeding truck. The injured are under treatment at Kharar civil hospital. Police said the deceased is yet to be identified. A case was registered at Sadar police station in Kharar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859608", "title": "Two held for betting during IPL match", "text": "INDORE: Police claim to have arrested two persons, who were allegedly involved in betting during the ongoing IPL cricket matches, here on Tuesday. Mahesh Agrawal (51) and Rahul Motiyani (27) were arrested from Vigyan Nagar Colony. Booking receipts and six cell phones were found from the room from where the accused were operating. According to the police, the accused were arrested from Mahesh Agrawal's house, while they were allegedly trying to get in touch with the other gamblers over phone.Agrawal had let out the entire three-storey building on rent except a single room, which he allegedly used for gambling. Both the accused were booked under relevant sections of the Gambling Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12864663", "title": "BJP, Left want govt's explanation on Bofors revelations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Left on Wednesday demanded an explanation from the government on former Swedish police chief Sten Lindstrom's revelations on the Bofors payoff scandal, including the safe passage to main accused Ottavio Quattrochchi.The BJP said it had always questioned the safe passage to Italian businessman Quattrochchi in the Rs 1,500 crore Bofors gun deal in the 1980s.\"The entire government of late Rajiv Gandhi was out to secure Ottavio Quattrochchi. What was his link with the government and with the Gandhi family that the entire government was there to bail him out... it is a serious matter,\" said BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad.\"The way Quattrochchi was helped to move out of the country gave a clear indication of the government's intention. We have always raised the question on Quattrochchi. The government must look into the issue again,\" added his colleague Rajiv Pratap Rudy.The Communist Party of India (CPI) sought the government's response on Lindstrom's revelations.\"The government and Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) cannot ignore this revelation. They have to come forward with a response on how Quattrochchi was allowed or could go scott free or could have a safe passage from India,\" said CPI leader D Raja.In an interview to website thehoot.org, Lindstrom, who had operated under pseudonym Swedish Deep Throat, said there was no evidence to show that Gandhi had taken a bribe in the Bofors deal but he didn't stop the cover-up to protect Quattrochi.Lindstrom also said that the case against actor and then Congress MP Amitabh Bachchan and his family was planted in Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter by Indian investigators.\"We knew the truth 25 years back but justice takes its own time and our stand has been vindicated,\" said Rajya Sabha member Jaya Bachchan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12861226", "title": "Boobathi Babu-Honest officer amid corrupt masters", "text": "HYDERABAD: He is a quiet and low profile officer, his name unheard of in public till lately. But D Boobathi Babu, the boss of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), who has become a thorn in the side of the administration, is a determined police officer and always has been so in his three-decade career. Zealous, honest and hard-working, the 1983 batch cop who also has a PhD to boast of can never be accused of not trying, his colleagues say.\"Not that he has always been successful, but he is never cowed down by the prevailing circumstances,\" says a senior IPS officer. As proof, he points out how Boobathi Babu as an officer of the Special Protection Force (SPF) had cracked down on the coal mafia in Singareni Collieries a couple of years ago.\"It is an open secret that a huge volume of coal is generated through illegal mining. This coal is smuggled out and sold off in the market in Hyderabad. All this happens with the connivance of cops including those of the SPF which provides security to the collieries,\" says an IPS officer. \"Boobathi failed but that was because the ranks of his force were highly corrupt, not because he wavered in his mission,\" he adds.It is this zeal of Boobathi Babu that is now worrying the state administration that finds the boss of ACB unwilling to relent and changing his tack depending on the expedience of politics.For those who came in late, Boobathi had cracked down heavily on the liquor mafia in the state unearthing gory details of the illegal business that is a major source of political funding in the state and involves many top politicians. But when the heat became too searing, the powers that be transferred his lieutenant Srinivas Reddy. Any other boss would have acquiesced to the transfer but Boobathi Babu did not keep quiet and protested loudly against the move. Though attempts were made to rein him in, a PIL in the AP high court which saw the bench order a total crackdown on the liquor mafia had the powers that be worried. \"Had it not been this ruling from the high court, it is reasonably safe to assume that Boobathi Babu would have himself been transferred by now. But now the government dare not transfer him,\" says a police officer. As the chief of ACB, the officer who hails from Tamil Nadu reports to the chief secretary and not the director general of police.In the circumstances, the government is doing what it thinks is best: post in the special investigation team (SIT) of ACB an officer who is more amenable. Ravi Varma, a promoted IPS officer who was already at the ACB is the choice of the powers that be. Those who are in the know of things say that Varma is also an honest officer but has none of the zeal of Bhoobathi.Moreover, unlike his boss and like most other cops would not go against the powers that be. Little wonder that Boobathi Babu has protested against the foisting of Varma on his SIT and has refused to take him. This has the bureaucracy upset and the powers that be have told him that he has no choice in deciding who will work with him. Officers who have watched Boobathi at work aver that the last in the matter is yet to be heard.\"As a young SP once Boobathi had cracked down on card rooms in the district he was posted in. One of the persons nabbed by him was a leading lawyer. There was much pressure on him - including from political quarters - to let off the lawyer. But to make a point, Boobathi produced the lawyer before a magistrate in the dead of night and had him remanded in judicial custody,\" a police officer says. This was in spite of the fact that the lawyer was charged with a bailable section.Analysts point out that Boobathi Babu is slated to retire by September, 2014. Given his seniority, he will retire at the level of additional director general of police, the seniority he has already reached. There are no further promotions that he will get. \"In other words, there is no carrot that the government can dangle before Boobathi Babu in the form of further promotions,\" points out a police officer. That makes Boobathi Babu doubly potent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859161", "title": "Close shave for passengers as private bus catches fire", "text": "PATNA: Passengers of a private bus coming from Jamshedpur to Patna had a miraculous escape when it came in contact with an overhead high-tension wire and caught fire near Allahabadi locality on the Patna-Masaurhi road under the Gopalpur police station area in Patna district on Tuesday morning.Gopalpur SHO Umesh Kumar said the luggage, some jute bags and a motorcycle kept on the rooftop caught fire. The driver stopped the vehicle immediately after spotting the flames. Kumar said the passengers got down safely. Two fire tenders were later rushed to the spot. But the bus was gutted after all.Barber attacked: A barber, Akhilesh Thakur, was allegedly attacked by a suspected 'blade man' in Chowk Shikarpur locality under the City Chowk police station area on Tuesday. Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar, however, said Thakur sustained injury in his salon.Tractor stolen: Manju Devi, a resident of Phulia Tola under the Phulwarisharif police station area, lodged an FIR with the Digha police station, charging her driver, Chotan Rai, with stealing her tractor. She said the vehicle was missing when she reached her mother's house at Bans Kothi after the death of her husband on April 3.Cheat held: A team of City Chowk police station on Tuesday arrested one, Alok Kumar Singh, from Sukhdeonagar police station area in Ranchi and brought him to Patna. A Kolkata-based private finance company manager, Gautam Das, said Singh, an employee of the company, committed a fraud to the tune of Rs 22 lakh and was absconding. SDPO Sushil Kumar said Singh used to collect money from the firm's clients but did not deposit it in the company's account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867361", "title": "Rally in Hikaka home town for his release", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with his one-month stay in Maoist captivity, the BJD tribal MLA, Jhina Hikaka's home town of Laxmipur in Koraput district on Tuesday took out a rally appealing to the rebels to release the 37-year-old first time legislator.In a fluid situation persisting for weeks, no one knows if the rally will move the Maoists when they produce Hikaka in the 'Praja Court' on Wednesday to decide his fate. But the gathering reflected the agony and anguish of the people across Odisha, eagerly waiting to see an end to the hostage crisis. No wonder similar rallies were reported from other parts of the state, including Bhubaneswar and Berhampur.With the Green Hunt operation halted and security forces back in their camps, senior police officials are sitting with their fingers crossed. So is the government, which apart from parroting a few sentences government is making all possible efforts to release the jailed Maoists..., the government is committed to helping the prisoners get bail it is not doing much to reach out to the extremists for Hikaka's release.The Maoists, while extending the deadline to April 25, had stated that they would free the MLA after the government reciprocated with the release of 29 of their cadres from jail. Home secretary Upendra Behera told the media that the government was committed to \"facilitating bail' for all those it had named. On the withdrawal of cases against 13 rebels as committed, he said the Koraput and Malkangiri collectors were \"preparing the proposals, which are required to be accompanied with views of the public prosecutor\".\"On the receipt of complete proposal, the matter shall be further examined by the law department and a government approval obtained,\" he said.The home secretary's statement indicated that the official formalities would take more time than what the Maoists expected. \"Under the circumstances, we are not sure what the extremists are going to decide at the proposed 'Praja Court' on Wednesday,\" said a senior official.Informed sources said, Nachika Linka, the leader of the Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a frontal organization of the CPI (Maoist), had a meeting on Hikaka with his core members in a village inside the inaccessible Narayanpatna area, which has since been turned out of bounds with Maoists blocking all roads by felling trees.At the meeting though other members favoured the MLA's release, Nachika reportedly put his foot down. The CMAS leader, who has several criminal cases and NBW pending against him, does not stand to gain from the government's move as his name neither figures among those slated to be helped for bail nor those listed for withdrawal of cases.\"The CMAS leader seems keen on lingering the hostage drama ostensibly to arm twist the government to withdraw cases against him. He is also putting a spoke in the release of at least four prisoners, who have already got bail but are awaiting bailers to take them out of jail,\" the sources pointed out.\"Nachika is likely to have another meeting on Tuesday night,\" the sources added.The Maoists on their part also did not circulate any tape or press release unlike in the past ahead of their much-hyped 'Praja Court' hearing on Wednesday. Their silence this time has added fuel to the speculation that they may defer Hikaka's release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862769", "title": "Sony India plans to hire 500", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite an estimated global loss of $2.9 billion and plan of laying off 10,000 workers globally, Sony is looking at increasing its workforce in India by 500 in the current financial year. Spurred by positive growth signals in the country in spite of uncertain global scenario, Sony India is also planning an investment of Rs 50 crore in advertising and promotion activities in the digital still camera category.\"Considering both permanent and contract workers, we are at present employing 3,300 people in India. This number will go up to 3,800 by March, 2013,\" Masaru Tamagawa, MD, Sony India, said. \"The situation in India is different from the other global markets, where Sony is witnessing pressure.\"Sony India, which is registering \"healthy profits\" in contrast to the losses predicted globally, said growth in the country was primarily being led by categories like the Bravia range of televisions, Vaio computers and digital imaging products. he company, which recorded 45% growth in the digital still camera category, said it was targeting a 45% market share in the segment in FY12. Sony India is also planning to increase its sales points from 2,500 to 3,000 outlets this fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859118", "title": "HC seeks report from Patna Municipal Corporation", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court (HC) on Tuesday directed the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to submit its report with regard to the action taken to clean the state capital and also installing streetlights under different wards of the city. The order was passed by a division bench, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, on a PIL filed by one Varun Kumar Sharma.The petitioner has stated that the state capital was littered with filth and garbage with no light on the streets causing great hardship to the people.Petitioner's lawyer Sunil Kumar said that the PMC, earlier on court's direction, submitted a report to the HC, in which it stated that in 19 wards work is underway for installation of street lights, tender for which has already been issued. The PMC assured the court that work would be completed within six months. It also informed the court that cleanlinessdrive would soon be launched in the city to get rid of the filth and garbage. The court directed the PMC to file progress report on the work to beundertaken by it and said the case would be heard again after summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864579", "title": "Teachers\u2019 salary to be paid with cheques", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All schools will have to mandatorily pay salaries to the teachers employed by them through cheque which will be deposited in their salary accounts, directs a recent GR issued by the state government . The GR will be compulsorily implemented from June 2012.According to the GR, sixth pay commission norms will be implemented by all schools irrespective of the board to which they are affiliated. This means better pay packages for teachers. There are over 1,500 private primary schools but only 5-10 per cent of them are reportedly paying salaries to the teachers according to the sixth pay commission through salary accounts.Officials say that the move will curb exploitation of teachers by many school managements who pay peanuts to teachers by taking their signatures on registers.\"Many school managements violate norms by employing teachers on lower salaries than mandated and they pay them by cash. These teachers are paid a paltry salary of Rs 1,500-Rs 4,000 per month. This is gross violation of norms by schools which are supposed to hire full-time teachers and pay them decent salaries,\" says an official.This hugely compromises on the quality of teaching. The aim is to pay teachers through salary accounts so that the education department as well as the parents know the amount the schools are paying to the teachers .Vinod Pandya, RTI activist and secretary of Gujarat Rajya Talimi Hit Rakshak Samiti, says that his RTI query had revealed that 90 per cent of primary schools pay Rs 1,500-Rs 4,000 salary to their teachers. Most of these teachers are paid by cash.\"If the teachers are paid salaries as per the six pay commission recommendations , it would be a very good step as it will mean good quality teaching and quality teachers at schools,\" said Pandya.However, Ahmedabad School Management Association president Bhaskar Patel said that the rules will impose a burden on the school managements .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860918", "title": "Teachers to be felicitated on Maharaja Sayajirao University's foundation day", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's faculty of science will felicitate those teachers who have excelled in research during MSU's Sthapana Din (foundation day) celebrations on April 30. The faculty of science will hand over cash prizes of Rs 1.25 lakh to teachers and research scholars who have published their research findings in best journals in year 2011. It is for the first time that such a scheme has been started in the university to promote research.\"We have decided to honour the teachers who have excelled in research in their subject in 2011 in four categories. A total of 11 teachers will be felicitated this year through this scheme, for which a corpus of Rs 20 lakh has been created,\" says dean of faculty of science professor Nikhil Desai.As per the scheme, cash prize of Rs 25,000 and a certificate will be given to a teacher who has published his research findings in the year 2011 in a journal with highest impact factor (not less than three) in the faculty. Also, a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a certificate will be given to a teacher who has published his research findings in 2011 with highest total cumulative impact factor in the faculty (not less than three). Similarly, a cash prize of Rs 10,000 will be given to a teacher who has published his research findings in 2011 in a journal with highest impact factor (not less than one) in the department, except the department in the category one.Certificates will be also given to teachers who are second and third in the categories. \"While this is the first year, we want this to become an annual feature at the faculty so that those teachers, who have dedicated their time to produce research work of high quality and trained a number of research students for PhD degree are honoured,\" Desai adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862006", "title": "57% of boys, 53% of girls think wife beating is justified", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a shocking revelation in this day and age. Not just Indian men, but even adolescents - in the 15-19 age group - feel that wife beating is justified.Unicef's \" Global Report Card on Adolescents 2012\", says that 57% of adolescent boys in India think a husband is justified in hitting or beating his wife.Over half of the Indian adolescent girls, or around 53% think that a husband is justified in beating his wife. In comparison, 41% women in Bangladesh and 54% in Sri Lanka harbour a similar feeling . In Nepal , however, the prevalence of both men and women justifying domestic violence is inordinately high at 88% and 80%, respectively.According to the report, societal attitudes that convey acceptance or justification of domestic violence are making girls and women more vulnerable to abuse. It says, \"Available data for developing countries show that nearly 50% of girls and women aged 15-49 believe that wifebeating is justified... girls aged between 15 and 19 years hold the same views as women in the 45-49 age group.\"The report explains that because of reporting bias, this may be an under-estimation of the actual size of the problem in several countries. Many factors contribute to the incidence of domestic violence . For instance, in many places, child marriage, gender-based power relations, women's low economic status and traditional practices or social norms perpetuate it.Mission director for India's National Rural Health Mission Anuradha Gupta said spousal violence takes place both in developed and developing countries \"though the degree would vary\" . She said, \"When girls are brought up with the message that a woman's status in a family is inferior, she starts to accept whatever behaviour is meted out by her husband or in-laws .\" She added, \"When a boy grows up seeing his father assault his mother, he starts to accept such a behavior and repeats it.\"Ranjana Kumari, director of Centre for Social Research, said, \"Most women think this is their fate. Education or economic prosperity alone can't improve the situation.\"Times ViewThese findings on youth attitudes towards marital violence should not just be seen as shocking. They should also teach us the limitations of laws on domestic violence. Such laws may be important to help minimize violence against women. But they are clearly not enough, especially when the victim herself does not perceive any wrong in being beaten up. A strong legal framework to deal with domestic attacks must be backed up, therefore, by a sustained and intensive campaign to raise awareness on the issue among men and women. Steps to raise the levels of female education would play an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860122", "title": "Two commit suicide in city", "text": "KANPUR: Two persons, including a teenage girl, committed suicide in the district in the past 24 hours.An 18-year-old BA student ended her life by hanging herself on Monday night at her house in Chaubeypur. Chaubeypur police said Monika alias Moni, was upset as she had performed badly in her English paper. She was found hanging in her room. No suicide note was recovered. The body had been sent for autopsy.Elsewhere, tension over property dispute forced a 60-year-old man to end his life in his house in Transport Nagar. Babupurwa police said that Santosh Kumar had a scuffle with his brother over property on Monday. He was found hanging in the room of his house by his wife Manju on Tuesday morning. She informed other family members, who rushed him to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead. According to Santosh's wife, he was reeling under depression following a dispute over property. He went inside his room and hanged himself from the ceiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri/darjeeling", "code": "12860597", "title": "GJM threatens to pull out of GTA deal, boycott TMC", "text": "JALPAIGURI/DARJEELING: The indefinite strike called by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) and the dissident faction of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parshad (ABAVP) led to sporadic violence in the foothills for the second consecutive day. The joint forum , which called the strike, on Tuesday announced they will relax their stance for the next couple of days but would resume strike if the government does not allow them to hold rallies in the plains. The GJM also threatened to pull out of Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) agreement and hinted to boycott Trinamool Congress in the hills if the government sticks to its anti-rally stance.\"We have decided to put the strike on hold for 48 hours. We demand permission to hold meetings and rallies in the Dooars to convince people about the positive aspects of GTA,\" said John Barla, leader of the adivasi faction supporting the inclusion of 398 mouzas in GTA. But Rajesh Lakra, leader of ABAVP faction that is opposing the inclusion, said, \"If the government wants to bring peace in the foothills, they would have to make clear that no portion of the Dooars and Terai would be included in GTA. Otherwise the trouble will increase and peace will be at stake.\" The district officials hinted that the situation is volatile and the condition does not permit the administration to allow GJM and its ally to hold meetings.On Tuesday morning, the GJM took out a huge rally in the hills when the atmosphere was apparently peaceful in the plains. At a gathering in Darjeeling's Chawk Bazaar, GJM general secretary Roshan Giri warned, \"We will be compelled to think about rejecting GTA if the state government does not allow us to hold meetings in the Terai and Dooars.\" GJM president Bimal Gurung, who is now camping in the Dooars, sounded harsher. \"We will not obstruct chief minister Mamata Banerjee and his partymen in the hills but we will not be with them,\" said Gurung, hinting at a clear boycott call.While Mamata on Tuesday appealed for peace for the second time in two days, CPM state secretariat member Gautam Deb turned the heat on the chief minister. \"When Mamata claimed that she has solved hills problem, we warned her that she has planted a time bomb as she did not speak to all the stakeholders of the region. Now the matter is heading towards an ethnic riot,\" he said. Gurung on Tuesday clarified once again that his party will continue its movement for a separate state and they will not accept GTA without inclusion of 398 mouzas of the Dooars and Terai.Meanwhile, GJM's high-pitched warning led to another round of violence in the plains as the day progressed. Trouble started when thousands of GJM supporters took out rally at Jaigaon. Cops took prompt action and rounded up hundreds of rallyists. This sparked tension in other parts of the region. GJM supporters torched a car near Bagrakot. The owner of the car hails from Odlabari - an anti-GJM bastion - and was returning from Siliguri. The incident soon turned anti-GJM groups violent and they came down on the roads and started targeting Gorkha population. In a retaliatory action, they set a two wheeler of a GJM supporter and a GJM party office on fire.Sensing trouble, Jalpaiguri ASP rushed to the spot with huge force and Seema Suraksha Bal jawans were deployed at Odlabari later in the evening to bring the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860896", "title": "CBDT in soup for bypassing House", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has raised concern about the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) incurring expenditure to the tune of Rs 37,000 crore over the last five years without taking approval of Parliament.In its report on the Union Accounts tabled in Parliament on Tuesday, CAG has pointed out how the CBDT, under the department of revenue in the finance ministry, has violated provisions of Article 114(3) of the Constitution which stipulates that no money shall be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund of India except under appropriation made by law.The auditor has argued that the payment of interest on refunds of excess tax is a charge on the Consolidated Fund of India and is therefore payable only after having been authorized by Parliament.The excess expenditure, as pointed out by the auditor, works out to over 2.3 times the total expenditure budget of CBDT (Rs 4,522 crore) for 2010-11.A senior CAG official said it would be untenable for the CBDT to show an expenditure on only refunds of interest of such magnitude, and hence to avoid any questions from MPs on the subject it has taken the safe route of concealing an accepted expenditure item by netting it off from collections of revenue.\"The CBDT has been classifying the interest on refunds of excess tax as reduction in revenue and this incorrect practice has been commented upon in the last two years' CAG report on Union Accounts as well as in the CAG's report on direct taxes for 2008 and in earlier years also, but no corrective action has been taken by the department,\" CAG observes.Audit scrutiny revealed that as in the past, no budget provision for interest on refunds was made in the budget estimates for the fiscal 2010-11 and an expenditure on interest on refunds amounting to Rs 10,499 crore was incurred by the department in contravention of the Constitutional provision.\"Expenditure of the order of Rs 37,365 crore on interest payments had been incurred over a period of the last five years without obtaining approval of Parliament through the necessary appropriations,\" the report says.Expenditure on interest on refunds of taxesYears-----------Expenditure (In Rs Crore)2006-07-------------3,6932007-08-------------4,4442008-09---------5,7782009-10---------12,9512010-11--------10,499Total----------37,365Source: CAG", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12859947", "title": "Cops special team to probe gang rape case", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Tuesday constituted a three-member team led by Hatia ASP Indrajeet Mahatha to probe the gang rape and the death of a woman in the heart of the city on Monday.\"The team has been asked to investigate into the matter,\" said Sampat Meena, the DIG of Ranchi range. \"We suspect two auto drivers to be the culprits and are zeroing in on them.\"Police are under pressure as Congress leaders and a few social organizations have reacted to the incident. Over 12 Congress leaders protested outside the DIG office here on Tuesday.Over 50 auto drivers were interrogated on the first day of the investigation. \"We are interrogating auto drivers on the Elahi Nagar-Ashok Nagar route,\" said Mahatha. Armed with a photograph of the deceased, the police team is questioning auto drivers who ply on the route in the evening. No substantial clue, however, could be gathered till late on Tuesday night. \"We will make arrests soon,\" was the ASP's assurance.Saroj Devi, a mother of three, was gang-raped and dumped in a posh locality in the city on Sunday night and succumbed to her injuries at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences on Monday morning.Meanwhile, a monthly crime review meeting was also held at the DIG office here on Tuesday. Superintendents of police from Ranchi, Gumla, Lohardaga, Simdega and Khuti presented details of crime records along with the action taken by the police into them. A total reward Rs 60,200 was also announced for 81 police officers from across the range.\"These police officials are being rewarded for arresting Naxalites , investigating crimes and playing active roles in checking human trafficking,\" added Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12859348", "title": "Sour grapes for Dindigul farmers", "text": "MADURAI: Grape cultivation has turned sour for farmers in Dindigul district who lament that the situation is turning grimmer for them as the season advances as vendors procure the grapes for Rs 10 per kg and sell it for more than Rs 40.Farmers cultivate this fruit in about 250 acres in the conducive climate of the foothills of the Sirumalai hills of Dindigul district. The grapes grown in the villages of Gandhigram, Settiyapatti, Jothikoundanpatti, Amali Nagar, Perumalkoilpatti, Rengasamypuram and Kamalapuram are in good demand in north India as they retain their freshness even 10 days after being plucked from the vines. Grapevines are planted and raised for about two years before they are ready to bear fruit. This year, rainfall during the flowering season yielded good produce and farmers began harvesting in March. However, the poor price that the fruits procure has left a bitter taste.T Kumar, a farmer from Settiyapatti, says grape cultivation needs constant attention with various requirements like weeding, pruning, applying pesticides and keeping birds away from the fruits. \"The entire process involves a lot of money and when we get just Rs 10 for the fruits, it is disheartening,\" he says. Labour is expensive and manpower is hard to get even if they are ready to pay the price ranging between Rs 150 to Rs 200 for a day. Farmer A Durai says many prefer to earn a quick buck under the government NREGS scheme that does not require too much physical labour.Salai, a farmer says that earlier, they hired women for the gentle handling of the vines, but now as they were unavailable, they were forced to employ men for wages of Rs 300 per day. \"We are not able to even meet the cost of cultivation for an acre when the procurement prices fall so low,\" says Jaiganesh, a farmer. Vendors queue up outside the farms in lorries and vans to take away the fruits at the rate of Rs 100 for a basket of 10 kg, as they know the farmers have no way of preserving the fruits. They take it directly to the market and sell the fruit at Rs 40 per kg.S Berkmans, a farmer from Amali Nagar, says they spend about Rs 70,000 on an acre which yields 10 tonnes of fruit during the season. But when the prices fall, they rarely make any profit. \"The sugar content in the fruits grown in this region is very high and they retain their freshness even for 10 days. But now, a variety of grapes called 'muscat' from Maharashtra is proving to be stiff competition, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859485", "title": "BRTS corridor misses deadline again", "text": "BHOPAL: The construction of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor in the city being undertaken by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) has stopped following financial crunch.The corporation has now set a fresh deadline of November this year for completion of the project.Delay in the completion of the BRTS corridor is adding to the inconvenience for the commuters in the city who have to pass through dug up roads and trenches along the main roads. The incomplete work on Hoshangabad road leading from Board office to Habibganj railway station has made the road accident prone and traffic congestion during peak hours regular.This road is under construction for more than a year, now. However, the work still remains to be completed.\"The road heading from the board office traffic signal to Pragati Petrol pump abruptly ends on the left with no proper barricades or indications. Last evening when I was returning home, I was just saved as I tried to move my car left to give way to another vehicle, I suddenly noticed the trench and applied the breaks,\" said Nitin Upadhyaya, a retailer.\"We have received assurances from the corporation especially during the last one year on improving the condition of the roads in the city. Even after repeated complaints the condition remains the same,\" Ramesh Kapoor, a logistic officer, said.The corporation has also left incomplete patches on the New Market road from Major Nankay petrol pump to Roshanpura. The construction of the road at the Banganga square is yet to be completed posing danger to speeding vehicles coming down from Roshanpura.\"The uneven roads and incomplete construction has made this road very dangerous. Sudden bad patches cause accidents here,\" Rohit Sharma , a student said.The cash starved corporation, that promised to complete the work before the monsoons this year, has extended it deadline till November.\"We are falling short of money to complete the BRTS corridor.\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"We were to complete the work by monsoon this year, but looking at the present scenario we have to extend the deadline till November,\" he added.\"With the construction of the Kamla park bridge yet to commence, the rotaries to be narrowed, the rail-over bridge to be constructed and the fly over bridges in the old city to be built, it seems difficult for the corporation to meet the fourth deadline,\" Congress corporator, Mahira Salamuddin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12865003", "title": "Singapore woman alleges city man cheated her of Rs 2 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: A Singapore national on Tuesday lodged a police complaint, alleging that a man claiming to be the DMK youth wing secretary from Kodambakkam cheated her of Rs 2 crore promising to redeem a property in Singapore that belonged to her friend.In her complaint, R Ranganayagee of Singapore said Velayutham, claiming to have power of attorney for a property belonging to Sirankanaren (Ranganayagee's friend), met her in Singapore. He said he was the DMK youth wing secretary and promised to redeem the property that has been in possession of the Singapore government since the death of Sirankanaren, a decade ago.Over 12 years from 1997 to 2009, Velayutham collected Rs 2 crore from Ranganayagee promising to return the sum once he redeemed the property from the government. When his efforts proved futile, he returned to Chennai. \"He is now bed-ridden and his wife Pramila threatened us with dire consequences when we asked for the money,\" Ranganayagee said.The petition has been forwarded to assistant commissioner of police, Vadapalani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863424", "title": "Sarees forever...", "text": "Last week, at an elegantly structured evening that said 'Ahemdabad' more emphatically than Mumbai (only the Ahemdavadis know how to dress up a space with fragrant summer blossoms and antique fabrics), I looked around the packed art gallery and was delighted to spot several young ladies wearing traditional, nonblingy sarees.Perhaps, they had borrowed the heirlooms from their moms or grandmoms, aunts or great-aunts. But the entire visual was an absolute treat. All of a sudden, the trendy set of Mumbai appeared somehow more graceful and elegant. It had to be those sarees -vivid Patan Patolas, wispy real zari Kotas, a couple of Pochampalis, a few Asavalis, one or two exquisite Bandhanis, and of course, the unbeatable Banarasis. I was clad in a traditional saree after too long a break, and for those few short hours, I felt like my original self... a self that had taken a back seat for way too long. I noticed all of us saree clad ladies in the gallery were walking differently... our body language, subtly altered. Why, even when we spoke, it was with a softer tone of voice! If this was the sort of transformation simply wearing a saree was achieving, I think all of us who love the sensuous six yards should go back to draping ourselves far more frequently than we do at present, in what is without a contest, the world's most versatile, unstitched garment.Soha Parekh has done a competent job of conveying her personal passion for the saree. Her book is clearly a labour of love, and given its handsome production, one hopes it will find a good number of readers and scholars who'll dive into its lavishly designed pages and hone their knowledge on India's original fashion statement that has gone global, but has yet to be bettered by any international designer. Try topping the saree, guys. Go on, it's a challenge worth attempting! Sigh.... so why am I wearing those lousy, old jeans right now???The critical and popular success of John Abraham's maiden movie production ( Vicky Donor), is a timely reminder to our OTT Bollywood producers that big is not always best. Or even good. So many of them learn this basic lesson the hard way. And so many of them don't! A great star cast gets the fans in for that exciting 'first day, first show' thrill. And after that, Content becomes King, as word of mouth rapidly spreads (in these days of Twitter, a movie's fate is decided by the interval itself !). Damage control and clever number crunching later can fool the trade upto a point. But it really isn't only about box office returns, television and music rights, or even a strong presence on other platforms. A small budget, high concept film often makes much more money for the producer than a mega bucks monster. But as of now, viewers are not looking at what's next on the big screen. All eyes are on India's number one marketing genius, Aamir Khan and his top secret television show. If he pulls this off, he will once again rewrite the rules and create a new prime time slot - on Sunday morning. A male Oprah Winfrey for Asians? Why not? Aamir's prettier, too!(Views expressed by columnists in TOI are their own, and not that of the paper.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861065", "title": "345 held for drunk driving in seven days", "text": "PUNE: In a special drive against drunk driving, the traffic branch of the city police arrested 345 persons for driving in an inebriated condition during the last seven days.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare told TOI that it has been observed that drunk driving was one of the main causes of accidents on city roads.Pandhare said that during the period of April 17 to April 23 the traffic branch had launched a special drive against drunk driving in the city. \"The traffic branch has 55 breath analysers. We posted our men in all parts of the city at night and checked the drivers,\" he said.\"The drive will continue. We appeal to people not to drink and drive,\" Pandhare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858465", "title": "MCD finalising budget for corporations", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Delhi government approved a Rs 1,831-crore bailout package to help the three new corporations tide over budget deficit, MCD is now finalizing the budget for the corporations. North Delhi Municipal Corporation is likely to get a major portion of the grant - close to Rs 700 crore. The share of the East Delhi Corporation - which generates 5-7% of MCD's total revenue - won't be big as revenue generation and expenditure in east is not much, said an MCD official.\"We are dividing funds based on a scientific formula. We are retaining all development areas, sections, which were passed by the unified MCD. The fund in each section like sanitation will be divided based on either land and population ratio in the corporation or on the wards ratio between three corporations,\" said Mayank Sharma, CA-cum-chief financial officer, MCD.Of Rs 1,831 crore, the corporations will get Rs 1,231 as grant and the remaining Rs 600 crore will be used for paying contractors. The annual expenditure of unified MCD is Rs 6,933 crore whereas its income is just Rs 6,080 crore. Of the Rs 1,231 crore, Rs 20 crore has been slotted as municipal polls expenditure and will be divided equally between the three corporations. But the remaining Rs 1,211 crore will be divided between North and East corporations. \"We have used the Rs 1,211 crore to meet the budget deficit of all the corporations. The main requirement is in East and North,\" said Sharma.As for the payment to the contractors, MCD will be preparing a detailed report on the outstanding amount. \"We have started getting the bills from zonal offices and the contractors will be paid as soon as the government approves it,'' said an MCD official.The area under East corporation is just 9% of the total MCD area. The North corporation forms 34% of the total area and the South corporation is spread over 57%. As the South has a good source of income, it is the North corporation which will require more funds for development.Apart from this, MCD had taken a loan of Rs 160 crore for construction of the Civic Centre and the slaughter house. \"The corporations which will get revenue from these projects will have to repay the loan,'' said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12867393", "title": "Tribals beat the heat with 'handia'", "text": "KEONJHAR: Considered a poor man's beer, country-made liquor 'handia' is being lapped up by villagers of Keonjhar, Jajpur and neighbouring areas this summer like never before. With the mercury touching the 40 degree mark, villagers are turning to this drink made of fermented rice and herbs owing to its cooling properties.Traditionally consumed to relax after a hard day's work, local tribals claim drinking handia helps to keep the body cool and avoid sunstroke. The brew is also supposed to have medicinal properties and help treat jaundice.\"People in towns and cities drink cold drinks to beat the heat, but the tribals have their own unique handia to cool themselves. The tribals would never step into a cold drink parlour to sip a soft drink. They would rather make handia at home. The traditional drink is also considered an indispensable offering to the gods and spirits. It is customary to offer pots of handia on social occasions,\" said Bharta Munda (45) a tribal of Suklinda.The drink, immensely popular among tribals in the region, is commonly used during marriages, birth anniversaries and festivals. Handia, in fact, is considered a sacred drink among Munda and Santhal tribes. The tribals, who have inherited its recipe from their forefathers, consume handia at breakfast, lunch and dinner.\"One can manage for 10 to 15 days without any other food. During the summer season, Handia saves the body from sunstroke. By drinking Handia, the tribals become more energetic during work. Similarly, in winter time, it heats up the body,\" said Shayama Munda (53) of Duburi.The term handia probably owes its origin to the 'handi', a big earthen pot in which the rice-beer is fermented. \"The process of preparing the rice-beer is rather easy. Dried rice is first grounded, boiled and then spread out to dry. A herbal root 'ranu' (mulika in tribal dialect) is then ground and shaped into little balls. The ranu balls are powdered and mixed thoroughly with the rice powder. The mix is kept in large earthen pots covered with sal leaves for three to four days for the rice to fermented,\" said Sita Jaraka, a tribal of Chingudipala village.Tribal women play a key role in the preparation and sale of handia. It also generates significant income for the household. By promoting Handia preparation and sale, the tribal women have been able to make economic gains.But the drink sometimes becomes toxic when some used 'urea' fertilizers are used to ferment it quickly for largescale consumption and also to increase intoxication levels. \"If prepared properly handia is not harmful, but sometimes it is adulterated and causes harm,\" said Sunaram Mardi of Keonjhar, an employee in a public sector company.Nevertheless, this summer hundreds of 'handia' shops and bars have opened across the districts, mostly on roadsides and in daily or weekly markets. National highway no- 5 and (A) in Jajpur and Kendrapada districts are dotted with handia kiosks put up by tribal women. A glass of handia costs Rs 5 and a handia seller earns about Rs 150 to Rs 200 daily.However, district sub-collector R K Mishra said, \"Handia is a traditional drink of tribal people. There is restriction on open sale of handia. Under the Bihar and Orissa Excise Act 1915, one can only keep a prescribed amount of handia for one's own consumption. The violator will be arrested under section 47 (A) of the said act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12864904", "title": "2-day inspection of ferry points in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Following directives from the high court of Bombay at Goa, South Goa collector N D Agarwal has called for a two-day inspection of all ferry points in South Goa starting on Wednesday.The decision to conduct the inspection was taken following suo motu petition in which the high court took cognizance of the traffic management system in the state after going through newspaper reports relating to the Calvim mishap in Aldona that claimed six lives.The South Goa collectorate officials will be inspecting all ferry points including those at Cortalim, Cavelossim, Assolna, Rassaim, Loutolim, Shiroda, Rachol, Galgibaga in the presence of police and other government officials concerned.\"The inspection team will have to check the entry and exit points of 'Ro- Ro' ferries and if there are hindrances or obstacles enroute these ferry points,\" said Agarwal.The South Goa collector further directed Margao traffic police, town police and municipal authorities to clear all encroachments from the roads and footpaths for smooth flow of traffic and to ensure that no delays are caused to ambulances.The Margao traffic cell have started checking bus drivers for drunken driving using breath analyzer tests as part of their prevention measures after the Calvim mishap.The alcometer tests were also carried out in Panaji at the KTC bus stand for private passenger bus drivers. On the very first day of the drive three drivers tested positive and were detained. Their buses were attached by the Goa traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859219", "title": "Zoo takes steps to shieldbirds, animals from heat", "text": "PATNA: In an initiative to protect animals and birds from scorching heat during this summer, the Patna zoo has installed coolers and sprinklers in the enclosures and cages of animals, besides creating shades for them. Arrangements have also been made to ensure that there is adequate drinking water, so that the animals do not dehydrate.With mercury having shot up steeply, animals are facing a terrible time, more so as most of their water sources are getting dried up. However, boring water supply by the zoo authorities is helping meet the needs of animals.Besides, special medical facilities have been arranged for animals to bear the rising mercury. They are being given bath thrice a day. According to Patna zoo's veterinary doctor, Ajit Kumar, the animals get irritated when the mercury shoots up, and it is necessary to keep them cool and provide them with a near-natural habitat.The behavioural change is very natural among animals. Ajit Kumar said, \"We try to keep the enclosures cool by sprinkling of water. We make sure that the animals have enough drinking water. We provide them energizing drinks, and also give them anti sunstroke medicines.\" We have also put up straw walls to protect the animals from heatwave, he said.Abhay Kumar, the zoo director, said, \"Shades made of straws are being placed over the cages for the first time. These are kept cool by spraying water. Fans have been installed inside the cages of tigers, lions, leopards and bears. We have also installed coolers near the cages.\"He added that herbivorous animals are provided fruits rich in water, while the carnivores are served with glucose-mixed drinking water. The animals belonging to cat family face maximum trouble during summer. We provide them frequent fur trimming and try to bath them thrice a day.The zoo officials have also installed eight new water purifiers at eight different points for the convenience of visitors.\"It is very hot but we can see that animals have been provided with a lot of cooling facilities. They have been provided with showers. It feels good to see all this,\" said Anjali Singh, a visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12860263", "title": "Traders threaten stir over Central Warehousing Corporation levy at Attari ICP", "text": "AMRITSAR: Unhappy over the service charges levied by Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) at the newly commissioned integrated check post at Attari, traders have convened a meeting to discuss the hiked service charges before announcing their next course of action.President of Indo Foreign Chamber of Commerce, B K Bajaj, said, \"With imposition of new charges on import and export, ICP, Attari has become the costliest port in India.\"He said they would hold a meeting with CWC officials and other agencies involved in the process to find an amicable solution, else they would be forced to go on strike and suspend trading at ICP.Mukesh Sindhwani, an exporter, said that CWC had not made a conducive business environment. \"If the charges are not withdrawn we will be forced to go on strike,\" said Sindhwani.However, CWC manager Rameshwar said that trade was going on smoothly. Rameshwar said he didn't receive any representation from traders for lowering the handling charges at the ICP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12859184", "title": "Call to end animal trials", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was clash of ideas at the World Laboratory Animal Day celebrations at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) on Tuesday.Director general of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and secretary, department of health research, Government of India, V M Katoch, during his speech, criticised the opposition to use of animals in medical research, but animal rights activist Amala Akkineni was equally vehement in her opinion against the practice. Amala said, in course of time, the use of laboratory animals should be completely stopped and pharma companies should make use of technology to carry out drug trials.They were participating in the national symposium on 'Laboratory animal science in the new millennium - challenges and solutions', organised by the National Centre for Laboratory Animal Sciences, NIN, ICMR, and Laboratory Animal Science Association of India.Katoch said in human medical trials, people were literally selling themselves for drug trials. By hiding the fact that they were taking money, they were also becoming accomplices in unethical practices indulged in by culprits, he said. In so far as the use of laboratory animals in drug trials was concerned, Katoch said as a matter of policy animal rights had to be protected. \"Animals should not be exploited, but at the same time, the criticism of such a practice is uncalled for,\" Katoch said.Amala Akkineni of Blue Cross of Hyderabad and Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organisations said trials on animals should be completely stopped and emerging technologies made use of in carrying out experiments. She said pharmaceutical companies in the west were investing large amounts of money on research and development of super computers that would help in drug trials without using animals. \"Indian pharmaceutical companies should join the endeavour as it would also prove to be economical,\" she said.Amala said cosmetic trials on animals were being outsourced to India after Europe banned them in laboratories there. She said India should also impose such a ban.NIN director B Sesikeran said over a period of time, the use of laboratory animals for research should be minimized.Anjani Kumar, director, Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and member-secretary, Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experiments on Animals (CPCSEA) said a circular had been issued to avoid use of live animals for experiments up to the under-graduate level by the government.Later speaking to the media, Katoch said in the new health policy, the ethics committees on drug trials would also be held responsible if there was any exploitation of human subjects. He said it was even being proposed to hand over a jail term to those on the ethics committees.In response to a question, Katoch agreed that it was indeed a 'problem' if no one would volunteer to be part of the ethics committees because of the fear of a jail term if something went wrong.Asked about the human drug trials in Andhra Pradesh where the subjects were exploited, he said it was found that there was no proper supervision of the trials. \"There was no deliberate fault though corrective measures should have been taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12861166", "title": "Government has tapped my phones: Sarandon", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Oscar-winning actress and left-wing activist Susan Sarandon has claimed she was recently denied security clearance for a visit to the White House and that the government has been tapping her phone.The 65-year-old star, who has vehemently condemned the war in Iraq , made the claims during an event in New York , reported Ace Showbiz.Asked whether Sarandon believed she was under surveillance by the government, she said, \"We know we're under surveillance. I've had my phone tapped. I was denied a security clearance to go to the White House and I don't know why. \"She said she knew she was being watched by the government as she had twice seen a file held on her through Freedom of Information requests.Sarandon has been actively involved in promoting liberal political causes and supporting human rights. She has encouraged protesters in the Occupy Wall Street movement to fight harder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860682", "title": "Rajya Sabha clears amended RTE bill, kids with disability to get benefits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajya Sabha on Tuesday passed the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) Bill, making it possible for differently abled children to get benefits under the legislation. The amended law will also provide children with severe disability an option of receiving education at home.Children with cerebral palsy, mental retardation, autism and multiple disabilities will also be \"explicitly\" covered under the amended law.Moving the amendment bill for consideration, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said it would provide the right to receive home-based education to children with severe disabilities. \"It is a historic piece of legislation and will have a huge impact on quality education to children between classes 1 and 8 in the 6-14 age group. The bill will change the way we look at education,\" he said.Winding up the debate on the bill, Sibal said he shared the concerns of members against use of the word \"disability\". He hoped that concerns of members would be automatically addressed in the RTE Act once the social justice ministry amends laws to include some more categories under the definition of disability.Referring to one of the provisions of the RTE Act under which all schools except unaided minority ones will provide free education to children from deprived sections, Sibal said the government will adequately contribute to these schools.He said the government's contribution would be to the tune of Rs 6,000 to Rs 19,000 per student per annum. \"There are 80-90% of private schools whose annual tuition fees are less than Rs 19,000 and less than the contribution made by the Centre,\" he said. The Act provides 25% reservation for students of disadvantaged sections in classes.It also provides for establishing school management committees to prepare school development plan. However, the school management committee in respect of minority institutions will function only in an advisory capacity.After passing of the amendment bill unanimously, the Upper House also took up for consideration the Central Educational Institutions (Reservation in Admission) Amendment Bill which seeks to extend the period for mandatory increase of seats in such institutions from over a maximum period of three years to six years.The legislation, which came into effect in 2007, is meant for reservation in admission for students belonging to SC, ST and OBC to the extent of 15%, 7.5% and 27% respectively in certain central educational institutions -- established, maintained or aided by the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858495", "title": "Delays force Delhi Transport Corporation to run rattletraps", "text": "NEW DELHI: With only 247 private buses plying under the cluster scheme, the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) is forced to run 2,000 of its old buses that are past their serviceable age.A DTC spokesman said, \"Under the 60:40 plan devised by the government, 60% of 11,000, or 6,600, buses were to be run by private operators under DIMTS, while DTC was to operate 4,400.\" Delays in the scheme, however, have forced DTC to run its old and rickety fleet, in addition to the 3,800 low floor buses it already runs.\"The old fleet will be scrapped in phases now. This year, we plan to sell off around 500 buses. In 2013, 1,000 of the buses marked for scrapping will be sold, and another 500 the year after,\" said the spokesman. All the standard floor buses in the DTC fleet are scheduled to be condemned as most of these were bought in 2001, and some in 2003.Officials admit that with a fleet of 6,200 buses, DTC cannot afford to get even one bus off the service roster. \"A certain number of DTC buses have to be on the streets every day, as per the ratio decided by the government in terms of cluster and DTC buses.\" According to norms, any bus that has been in service for eight years and has clocked five lakh kilometres should be condemned as scrap, and replaced with a new bus. The reality though is that of the 6,200 buses in DTC's fleet, only the new low floor buses are within their service period.Officials say replacing the 2,000 buses has not been possible so far. \"The only way the standard floor buses can be replaced is if the cluster buses are launched,\" added the official. However, with cluster buses yet to be launched on most routes, DTC has been asked to fill in the operational gaps till these buses come on the roads.Though the old standard floor buses are being used, their operational costs are very high. DTC loses only Rs 9 per km on low floor buses against Rs 31 per km on the old buses. \"A DTC bus on average runs 170-200 km per day, so mechanical wear is high. We are looking to replace these standard floor buses as soon as we can,\" said an official. But that's only possible if the cluster buses start plying and take their share of the load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861048", "title": "PCMC water woes: Mayor seeks more manpower, leakage detection units", "text": "PUNE: Allotting 20 junior engineers to the water supply department, recruiting plumbers to tide over manpower shortage and forming leakage detection units in the four civic zones are among the 12 demands Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande has made to municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma, to improve water supply in the township.Many areas of the township are facing problems like water supply at low pressure, inadequate supply and inflated bills. Lande had convened a meeting with corporators and water supply department officials to discuss these problems on March 29. Later, she held zone-wise meetings from April 16 to 21.In a letter sent to Sharma on April 23, Lande said that quick action needed be taken to improve water supply. The mayor has demanded that water supply to all areas be equitable, borewells be dug up in various areas to reduce wastage of drinking water for non-drinking purposes, a separate official and staff be appointed to control leakages, and leakage detection units be formed in all four zones.She has also demanded that the old pipelines in the 'gaothan' and other areas be changed to prevent contamination and a facility for water bill payment and correction be provided in all four zones. Lande has said that the encroachment problem that is obstructing work to lay a water pipeline in Triveninagar needs to be solved.M T Kamble, city engineer in the civic body, said, \"We have set up squads to take action against unauthorised water connections in all four zones. So far, the squads have identified and disconnected 25 unauthorised connections in zone B, 50 in zone C and 27 in zone D. The civic administration has to decide on appointing more junior engineers and plumbers to the water supply department.\"Kamble said that the town planning department was working to acquire land for the water pipeline in Triveninagar. \"There is a provision to change old pipelines in the budget and we will be undertaking the work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12864505", "title": "Gujarat Technological University to re-evaluate paper after student cites SC order", "text": "RAJKOT: Vivek Sancheti, a student of computer engineering at Atmiya Institute of Technology and Science (AITS), was stunned when Gujarat Technological University failed him in the subject of 'Object Orienting Programming-Java paper'. Sancheti, 21, wanted a copy of the evaluated answer sheet, claiming that he had attempted most of the questions correctly. This was denied to him.Sancheti then applied for the copy of his answer sheet through RTI. This was also denied to him, claiming a Gujarat High Court judgment.A few days later, on February 16, Sancheti filed a fresh RTI application, but this time he attached a copy of a recent Supreme Court judgment which had allowed supply of a copy of an evaluated answer sheet. Sancheti claimed in his application that the Supreme Court, in its order, had allowed a student to have access to a copy of his answer sheet. Wasting no time, GTU officials replied to him, asking him to come and meet them.\"GTU generally denies reassessment to students belonging to first semester through sixth in engineering courses. But after I filed an RTI application , I received a reply, asking me to be present on April 28 at GTU office in Ahmedabad. Instead of giving details about providing a copy of the evaluated answer sheet, they have called me to come personally for re-assessment . I want a copy of the evaluated answer sheet and I want to find out why I was failed in 'Object Oriented Programming with JAVA' (Semester-V regular),'' Sancheti says.According to RTI activist and coordinator of Mahiti Adhikar Nagrik Pahel (MAGP) Pankti Jog, there is a major hitch in providing a photocopy of the evaluated answer sheet to students who seek it under RTI Act.\"After the Supreme Court judgment in August 2011, which has cleared the way for students to access a copy of the evaluated answer sheet, there is an urgent need to bring common guidelines to make the examination and evaluation system more transparent. No educational institutions in the state encourage giving a copy of the answer sheet to students,\" Jog said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12864997", "title": "Two cops detained in probe into panchayat president\u2019s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday detained two policemen in connection with the murder of a village panchayat president at Vellavedu near Tiruvallur last week. Veeran, 38, a member of the Puratchi Bharatham party who was elected president of the Thirumanam panchayat, was hacked to death by four motorcycle-borne men on Friday morning.Police officers investigating the case questioned the two policemen after they found that the victim had spoken to them before being killed.\"We suspect the hands of the policemen in the murder as the victim had called them up twice minutes before the murder. We have also collected the call details of the two policemen. They are being interrogated to find out if they were involved in the incident ,\" an investigating officer said.Four men on two motorcycles , all wearing full-face helmets, approached the victim who was talking to his friend at a paddy field. Before he realized what was happening , they attacked Veeran with lethal weapons and fled. A few villagers gave chase, but the assailants managed to escape, police said.Police said that the murder plot was perfectly planned as the assailants knew the exact time when Veeran would leave home and that he would meet his friend at the paddy field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860815", "title": "Footing mobile bills: Don\u2019t get conned by agents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beware of callers who offer to collect your payment on behalf of your mobile service provider as more than a hundred cases of customers being duped by impostors have come to light. Recently, a leading mobile operator has also complained to police in this regard.Sources in Delhi Police's crime branch told TOI that the telecom firm reported getting numerous complaints from customers who allegedly made cash payment of their bills to the impostors, only to have their accounts deactivated for defaulting on payment. A case of cheating and fraud has been registered against unknown persons.Police suspect an insider's role in the racket as the impostors had details of customers' bills, such as pending amount and due date. A source said the gang could be operating on a large scale and more such cases might come to light. As per the FIR lodged by the vice-president (corporate affairs) of the telecom firm, the complaints started coming in around two months ago. The company has reportedly received more than 100 complaints since then. A police source said the fake executives who approached the customers had done their homework. They possessed all the details and left no scope for doubt as they even carried forged identity cards and visiting cards.\"First, they call up customers and inform them about the pending amount. They usually call up a customer again and ask whether they want an executive to collect the payment from their doorstep. If the customer agrees, the impostor visits the customer and collects the payment. They even provide fake receipts against the received amount,\" said a source.Customers who fell for the trick were in for a shock as, after a few days, they received a call from the real customer service centre informing them that the payment had not been made and that their connection would be deactivated. Such cases usually ended up with the firm's grievance cell, police said. When the company, in the last two months, received many such complaints, it became suspicious. Now it has approached Delhi Police and asked it to bust the racket. The company has provided police with the details of some of its customers to assist in the probe. Sources said the gang was active in central, south and north Delhi areas as most of the cases were reported from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12859563", "title": "Alert police, NGOs stop several child marriages on Akha Teej", "text": "JAIPUR: The vigilant police and active NGOs proved successful in stopping several child marriages on Akha Teej on Tuesday.In Ajmer, the Beawer judicial court stayed two child marriages in Jawaja block and police took away parents and grandparents of the children. Cases of child marriages were also reported in Pisangan and Pushkar, where police stopped the marriages after verifying the birth certificates of brides and grooms.For the first time, a control room was started here and child marriages were reported from different parts of the district. \"We got a complaint that in Pushkar, dozens of couples were being married, in which children were also included. We asked the police to verify the complaint,\" said officials.Similarly, in Luni block of Jodhpur district, police stopped 16 child marriages from Monday night onwards and in Aahor block of Jalore district five child marriages were stopped with assistance from civil societies.However, fake calls from people created trouble for the administration in many parts of the state.Police officials believe that proactive role of NGOs aided in reducing the number of child marriages. \"Efforts from the NGOs, too, have been remarkable. The volunteers and youth groups posted at blocks levels passed on the information to the authorities which made the whole drive very effective,\" said a senior police official of Jodhpur.NGOs feel that their efforts in making people understand the ill-effects of child marriages for a long time are finally yielding results. \"Generally, many such marriages take place in Luni block but with police being very active this year they have reduced drastically. We also conducted community-based workshops in almost 25 villages and organized many rallies against child marriages,\" said Yogesh of Vikalp, an NGO-based in Jodhpur.The Tonk district, which has witnessed many child marriages in the past, brought greatest relief for the administration this year. No major cases were reported and from wherever police received any information, they were able to convince the parents. \"People are more aware and those who are not are afraid of the consequences of child marriage. This year the contact numbers of the control room were circulated at each block and participation of the gram panchayats was also remarkable,\" said Ahmed.Despite all the successful efforts of state administration, Rajasthan is still far from totally eradicating the menace. In the latest sample registration system (SRS), Rajasthan had the second highest percentage of women in the country who got married before reaching the legal age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867529", "title": "Mahanta, Hazarika to fight for Asom Gana Parishad top job", "text": "GUWAHATI: All hopes of a consensus being reached over who takes over as the president of Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) ended with the deadline for withdrawing nominations ending at 3pm on Tuesday.AGP central election committee (CEC) said that it had received no withdrawal applications and the poll will take place as schedule with former chief minister and AGP's founder president Prafulla Mahanta contesting against his young colleague Padma Hazarika on April 26 for the post of party president.Though senior party leaders were tying to reach a consensus regarding the next party chief, the two AGO heavyweights have refused to withdraw their names. Both Mahanta and Padma have started their campaigns for the poll. \"It is still 50-50. Both the contenders are experienced and powerful. Padma has the support of the young members while Mahanta is an old horse in the game ,\" a source added.\"All 50 nominations were found legitimate and the election will be held on Thursday. The candidates can campaign till 4pm on April 25. The voting will between 9am and 3pm on April 26. The counting is scheduled to start at 4pm and the results will be declared soon after,\" said Thaneshwar Boro, member of the CEC.AGP sources said the party doesn't want to take the risk of counting the ballots the next day as the party has a history of intraparty violence over selecting their presidents. \"AGP has a bad record when it comes to internal polls and many senior leaders in the past have been involved in violence over power. Scheduling the counting for the night may cause damage and we hope this election is peaceful,\" said a party leader.AGP's last general council in 2008 at Udeshna cinema witnessed scuffles among party members, while the previous one at ITA Machkhowa in 2006 turned disastrous when a faction of the party vandalized the hall. However, AGP's CEC has already urged the police help to ensure a violence-free poll this time.The voters in the poll are asked to display their photo identity cards, PAN cards and party membership cards while coming for the poll on Thursday. Even use of mobile phones by supporters and workers are banned at the venue, the Ambari head office of AGP. Bijon Mahajan, another member of the committee, added that there will be three different ballot papers in the election. \"All of them will be in different colours. One for president and working president, the other for general secretary and the last one for central executives,\" Mahajan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861019", "title": "569 tankers supplying drinking water in Pune division", "text": "PUNE: Insufficient post-monsoon rainfall in 2011 has not only affected agricultural production, but also reduced water availability in rural areas. At present, as many as 569 tankers are supplying drinking water in Pune division as against on April 21, 2011, when just two tankers were supplying drinking water in the division.\"There was good post-monsoon rainfall in 2010 which helped recharge the groundwater table, lakes and other water bodies,\" said an official of the Pune divisional commissionerate.\"Because of this, there was good water availability in the summer of 2011. Last year, however, the low post-monsoon rainfall resulted in a water shortage by January itself.\"The 2011 monsoon was not very good either and foodgrain production is estimated to have reduced by 25%.Pune division comprises Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur districts. Sangli is the worst affected district, in which 203 tankers are supplying drinking water. In Satara, 136 tankers are being deployed; in Solapur, 104 tankers are supplying water and the number of tankers supplying drinking water to Pune and Kolhapur districts is 64 and 2 respectively.Within the division, Kolhapur, Pune and Satara districts usually receive good rainfall but Solapur and Sangli districts are known to be draught prone. Earlier, Solapur used to suffer most from water shortage but increased water from Ujani dam has changed the profile of the district, officials said.The state government has also asked the collectors of the various districts to open fodder depots for cattle. In many locations, sugarcane harvesting is still on so sugarcane residue can be distributed as fodder for cattle. Another major source of fodder is the crop leftover of sweet sorghum, which is widely purchased by farmers for their livestock.There are 31 depots supplying fodder to farmers in Sangli district. The government has opened 13 depots in Solapur and 12 in Satara districts, so far. No fodder depot has been opened in Pune and Kolhapur, mainly because the need is met locally, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12867963", "title": "Governing council of press club installed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sufi songs, a performance by a local band, besides presentations by comedians regaled the members of the Chandigarh Press Club and their families following the installation ceremony of the newly elected members of the governing council of the club here on Monday evening.All the nine members of the governing council headed by Sukhbir Singh Bajwa as president and Nalin Accharya as secetary general formally took over the reins of the club. Punjab's public relations minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia was the chief guest, while Chandigarh mayor Raj Bala Malik was the guest of honour at the function organized in the club lawns.The outgoing president, Naveen Grewal, elaborated on the achievements of the club during his two- year tenure.The cultural programme began with a solo performance by Naresh Jacob, who is a part of a local band and ended with the rendering of songs by Sufi singer Payaaz. Beside Bajwa and Accharya, rest of the members of the governing council who took over included Manveer Saini, Nisha Sharma, Ramesh Handa, Vikrant Parmar, Khushal Lalli, Avtar Singh and Jaswant Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866707", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence detains red sanders accused", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) and police on Tuesday picked up red sanders smuggling accused Deepak Jare. The accused has been detained under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act.Jare, the second in command of the smuggling syndicate headed by Ajit Satam, was evading detention since the government passed an order to detain him in jail for a year. In April, Satam was detained under Cofeposa. Both moved the Bombay HC, challenging the detention orders. The HC will hear their pleas on Wednesday. Satam used to pay Jare Rs 40 lakh for export of one container of red sanders. Jare handled export clearance of red sanders in the guise of export consignments.Between February 2011 and August 2011, Satam, Jare and their associates exported six to seven containers of red sanders per month. In September 2011, the DRI seized 13 containers with 200 tonne red sanders worth Rs 50 crore at JNPT. This was followed by the seizure of 45 metric tonne red sanders from a godown in Kolhapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863477", "title": "Cylinder blast on birthday claims second kid\u2019s life", "text": "BANGALORE: Three days after her one-year-old brother died in an LPG explosion during his birthday celebrations, three-year-old G Mangala Gowry succumbed to injuries she had suffered in the mishap on Tuesday.Gowry died in Victoria Hospital. The children's mother, G Usha, is still battling for life, having suffered 60% burns in the explosion.N Gangadhar's six-member family was celebrating the first birthday of Nikhil Gowda in their residence at Srigandhanagar, Rajagopalnagar, in Peenya on Friday when the gas cylinder exploded. Nikhil died the next day in hospital.Gangadhar, his father Ningappa and brother Girish, who were also injured in the accident, are still in hospital. Their condition is said to be stable. During the celebrations on Saturday, the family realized their cooking gas cylinder had gone empty and decided to use another smaller one for cooking. But the latter did not fit perfectly with the regulator, causing a leak. The explosion occurred when Usha sought to light the cylinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860649", "title": "Life under threat from actor, says director", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Raa Prasad, a budding filmmaker has opened a can of worms with his first feature film 'Innu Ravum Pakalum'.Addressing a news conference here on Saturday, Prasad claimed that his life was in jeopardy ever since he turned down an offer allegedly made by the film producer's husband and main actor in the movie, Dr Bini to transfer the credit of direction, story, screenplay and lyrics to him for Rs 24 lakh.Prasad alleged that ever since August 30, 2011, after the completion of the censor formalities of the movie, Bini had been coaxing him to shift the titles to Bini's credit. \"When that did not work, he started making life threats over the phone a couple of months back,\" Prasad added.\"My friends and I saw the movie as a launching pad,\" said Prasad. \"We toiled relentlessly without being paid except for our travel expenses. Our passion drove us,\" said Prasad.The sweet tale took a sour turn when Farzana's husband felt the movie's standards exceeded his expectations. \"After the video censoring of the film, some of our professional friends in the industry who saw the movie gave us a good feedback and that was when Bini got crooked,\" he said.Prasad filed a complaint with Alappuzha police station on April 17 and is presently under police protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12860212", "title": "'Nanhi Chhaan' project loses sheen", "text": "BATHINDA: The Nanhi Chhaan project, which aims at putting an end to female foeticide in the state besides promoting the environmental causes and which is so dear to MP Harsimrat Badal, seems to be losing its sheen as the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee has not been able to release funds.For almost a year, the saplings of various trees which were given to expectant women and parents blessed with the girl child, at gurdwaras have not been distributed to people. Sources said SGPC suspended financial aid to the forest department.To run this project successfully, the forest department had started nurseries to supply plants to SGPC for distribution as \"Buta parshad\" in gurdwaras. The cost was fixed as Rs 5 per sapling, which was given to the department by SGPC.\"The department stopped growing saplings at the nursery near the gurdwara as SGPC stopped funding the department. We supplied around 2.5 lakh saplings but there is no demand any more,\" said S P Anand, district forest officer, Bathinda.The Nanhi Chhaan project was started by Harsimrat Badal in 2008 with an objective to create awareness among people to protect the girl child and save environment.\"About Rs 1.4 lakh is pending for the financial year 2011-2012. We supplied 2.61 lakh saplings to SGPC from December 2010 to March 2012 for Rs 13 lakh. We wrote a letter to SGPC seeking payment. They sent funds and we need not to stop the project here,\" said Wilbert Samsun, district forest officer, Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860979", "title": "Khel Mahakumbh participants yet to get prize money", "text": "VADODARA: The sportsmen who participated in the ambitious Khel Mahakumbh from city are yet to get their prize money and certificates. The mega sports event had culminated in December last year, but sportsmen from the city will get the certificates only next month.The much hyped sports event was inaugurated in Vadodara this year at a high-profile event that was also attended by Bollywood star Akshay Kumar in November. But a controversy has been raked up in Vadodara itself with over 1,800 sportsmen yet to receive their certificates and cash prizes.The issue has now been taken up by the Youth Congress that said that in all 1,860 sportspersons from the city were to be given Rs 45,19,000 for 19 games they participated in. \"The participants from Vadodara district other than the city areas have been given their certificates and prize money, that is not the case in the city,\" Youth Congress activist Rutvij Joshi said. Joshi said as per the arrangements, the sports department was to prepare a list of the persons who were to be given the cash prizes. \"Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) was supposed to give cheques to these persons,\" he said, adding that it was only early this month that the list was given to the civic body and many names were not complete.On the other hand, VMC officials said the delay was taking place as they had decided to give a single cheque instead of two - one for the cash instead of books under 'Vaanche Gujarat' and another for the cash prize.\"This process is taking time, but we decided to do this as we did not want people to make multiple trips to collect their cheques,\" an official said. He added that the process of preparing the cheques was on and would be completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863488", "title": "Thaandavam shoot stalled due to FEFSI", "text": "It seems like the ongoing battle between the FEFSI and the producer council is taking its toll on the shooting of movies.The production houses have no other go rather than stalling the shooting of movies. Due to the FEFSI issue, now the directors and producers are unable to wrap up the shooting as planned, and eventually, are unable to release the movies as announced. Earlier, it was Karthi starrer Alex Pandian, and now, it is Vikram - Anushka starrer Thaandavam, that is facing the heat of the FEFSI - producer council issue.A L Vijay of Madharasapattinam and Deivathirumagal fame is the director of Thaandavam, which is an action thriller. UTV Motion Pictures is producing the movie in which 'Chiyyan' Vikram plays a cop along with Anushka. In addition to Anushka, Madharasapattinam girl Amy Jackson too is playing a lead role. Sources reveal that Amy's role in the movie is different and challenging, which requires her to perform many action sequences.Earlier, the production house and the director of Thaandavam stated that they have begun shooting the movie and that the shooting is going at a good pace. The team even went on to release stills of the movie. The director, A L Vijay, then announced that the movie would hit the screens by the month of July and the music would be out by the month of May or June. However, now another report has come from the team of Thaandavam stating that they have stalled the shooting of the movie, because of the FEFSI - producer council issue.It now seems like, the shooting of Thaandavam will resume only after everything gets ready. The team has postponed the release date of Thaandavam too. Now, according to the reports, the UTV Motion Pictures will release the movie only by the month of September.Thaandavam's crew consists of Nirav Shah as the cinematographer and Naagu as the art director and Antony as the editor. G V Prakash Kumar has once again teamed up with A L Vijay for the music of Thaandavam after their hit Deivathirumagal.Source: Dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858638", "title": "Semi-nude body of woman found at Delhi Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a woman, believed to be in her twenties, was found barely 500m from Nehru Place Metro station on Tuesday. The woman was in a semi-nude state and bore injury marks on the neck, leading police to suspect she was sexually assaulted, strangled and dumped on the roadside. The identity of the woman has not been established yet.\"We have registered a case of murder at the Kalkaji police station and are investigating the matter. Missing person details are being scanned to establish identity,\" said Meghna Yadav, additional DCP (southeast). \"We have recovered a pair of black jeans from the spot; the woman had just a black shirt on. We are awaiting the autopsy report to ascertain if the woman was sexually assaulted before the murder.\"Police said they received a phone call around 7.30am from a tea vendor who discovered the body. Policemen from the Nehru Place post rushed to the spot, as did a PCR van. The body was found opposite Astha Kunj Park on the Lotus Temple-Satyam cinema stretch, next to Metro pillar number 127, police said.The body was taken to AIIMS and sent to the mortuary to be preserved, police said.Investigators suspect the woman was sexually assaulted, killed and thrown off a moving vehicle, going by the position of the body. Sources said there were no shoes or sandals nearby which was likely to be the case if the murder had taken place there. Officials however, refused to comment, since there was no confirmation as to the cause of death.A taxi driver, who was with the tea vendor when he tipped off police, said, \"When I came to park my taxi in the area, I spotted the body. There were no blood spots and she was just wearing a black top. The cops immediately arrived at the spot and took the body away.\"Sources said a team was constituted to crack the case. Investigators are going through details of missing persons in the same age group. By late evening, they had zeroed in on a few girls reported missing in the past two to three days and called their family members for identification, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12861234", "title": "US building spy wing to focus on Asia", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US is moving to revamp its spy operations globally with Pentagon floating a new intelligence agency to focus on new threats from emerging Asian powers like Iran and China.Under a plan approved last week by defence secretary Leon E Panetta , Washington is setting up a new Defence Clandestine Service, the New York Times reported, saying that the new agency would work more closely with counterparts from the CIA.\"It will thicken our coverage across the board,\" the paper said quoting a senior defence department official. The officer said the move was to \"realign\" military's human espionage efforts, as part of reorganization , reflecting a shift away from the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan .The official said the new intelligence service aimed to ensure that \"officers are in the right locations to pursue those requirements\" .The official declined to give specific examples of where such shifts might occur , but the United States in recent years has increasingly focused on counter terrorism and non-proliferation . The Obama administration has also begun to focus on security issues in Asia, including rising powers like China.The new intelligence service is expected to grow \"from several hundred to several more hundred\" in the coming years by shifting people's assignments . The defence official sought to allay concerns that the Pentagon organization would take over functions of the CIA or its National Clandestine Service.He said it would seek no additional personnel, authorities or money, and would strive for \"closer integration\" with the CIA and other American intelligence agencies.The announcement of the new agency comes a week after US appointed Lt general Michael T Flynn, who previously served with Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC), to help military intelligence . He pioneered new intelligence techniques to understand terrorist and insurgent networks , and to track and attack their leadership as top intelligence officer in Afghanistan.It was during his tenure that JSOC carried out the raid that killed Osama bin Laden nearly one year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863595", "title": "Fiery Shivrajkumar bares some home truths", "text": "BANGALORE: In a sharp outburst on his father's 84th birth anniversary at Kanteerava Studio on Tuesday noon, actor and Rajkumar's son Shivrajkumar minced no words in slamming sections within the Kannada film industry, who he said were subverting Dr Rajkumar's pluralistic outlook to life. He declared that he, like his father, loved all languages and cultures.Speaking just after laying the wreath at his father's portrait and performing puja along with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday afternoon, Shivrajkumar shocked everyone with his rather candid remarks on developments within the Kannada film industry.Visibly angry, he articulated his family's and Rajkumar's vision of life. \"We should observe all our social events - like festivals, jaathres or processions - peacefully and with a spirit of togetherness. We should not create any disturbance or trouble, but maintain calm and a balanced outlook to life. We should be good to people and do things for the welfare of all.\"\"Of late, I have been noticing that the atmosphere in the film industry is changing for the worse, I don't know why. It's not right and we should not let it happen. We are not against any language. We love all languages, their films and actors. In fact, Dhanush of the film 'Three ' called me and I wished him the best. We should have love and respect for other languages and actors, though we need not overdo it. I swear by my father that I will live by his vision of harmonious outlook to life.\"Shivrajkumar was speaking in the background of recent infighting within the Kannada film industry and how certain people did not heed senior actor Ambareesh's advice on peace.Flowers were placed at the portrait of the late matinee idol. Scores of fans had come to Kanteerava Studio and there was much whistling and shouting when the Rajkumar brothers trooped in together. The brothers also donated blood on the occasion. The memorial was bedecked with flowers.He gave us Kannada all can speakJnanpith award winner UR Ananthamurthy on Tuesday said Kannada thespian Rajkumar was the only actor in India who exhibited puranic values in social movies and social values in puranic movies. He was speaking at the 84th birth anniversary of the matinee idol.Sharing a few dramatic notes on the great actor, Ananthamurthy said : \"Rajkumar was the only actor in the country who gave the most lucid and accessible expression to literary greatness through his acting. If there was one man who gave us one Kannada that everyone could speak while having their Kannadas, it was Rajkumar.\"Rajkumar's actor-sons Shivrajkumar, Raghavendra and Puneet also spoke on the occasion. \"We used to spend hours asking him how he lived 108 days in the forest when he had been abducted. We were trying to understand his pain. He would tell us how he used to eat, sleep, exercise but would always add that there was lot of pain that was of a different order. He would say, 'You don't share pain with people, you should only share happiness. I want to leave you with good memories. So don't ask me about the pain. It's only for me to experience it. You should not go through what I did',\" Raghavendra said.TEXTBOOK DEMANDUR Ananthamurthy requested chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda to institute a textbook on Rajkumar. \"There are so many people who can recite Rajkumar's dialogues and songs on the spur. They are the true keepers of the great man's values and traditions. I hope we can have a text-book that reflect the great man and the people who keep his traditions going.\"MEMORIAL BY NOVEMBERWork on the memorial to late actor Rajkumar, at the Kanteerava Studio near Nandini Layout, is due to be completed by November, and will be dedicated to the state. SR Govindu of the Kannada film industry told TOI the government had released Rs 10 crore for the memorial. \"Work is going on well. Nearly 70% is complete. The chief minister has promised to unveil it by November this year.\" The memorial, coming up on 2.5 acres, will have a drama auditorium, museum, big park, an exhibition area and the samadhi itself. \"It's looking good and will be a wonderful addition to the state. The park also makes it attractive,\" Govindu said. Once ready, the studio will turn into a prime tourist centre, and Rajkumar's ideals will gain popularity as people will come to see the memorial and studio, officials said. People can also relax in the park, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12867821", "title": "Weather remains turbulent", "text": "LUDHIANA: Weather continues to be turbulent in the city, with residents having to put up with high temperature and windstorms and rainfall on alternate days. If they witnessed a cloudy Tuesday, the temperature touched 35 degree Celsius on Monday, which was a clear day.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, Associate Agro-meteorologist at PAU, says, \"Western disturbances continue to play their role. Temperature goes up suddenly, and after that low pressure created attracts western disturbances, resulting in wind storm or rain, which brings the temperature down\".According to the forecast for next three days, beginning Tuesday. \"The weather is likely to remain partially cloudy on April 24 and April 25. After that, the sky will probably be clear on April 26. There are chances of rain on April 25,\" she says before adding that weather turbulence is mainly due to effective western disturbances which are getting favourable conditions for causing rainfall.Raj Kumar , a departmental storeowner of Model Town area, too has lots to complain about, \"On Monday, the sun was out throughout the day, which brought the temperature to about 35 degrees Celsius. I had to drink at least two liters of water and two-three cold drinks that day. Today (Tuesday), the clouds covered the sky since morning, which is why the temperature has come down. Now, we are enjoying a pleasant weather. I plan to go out with my family in the evening as the weather is quite pleasant,\" he told TOI earlier in the day.\"Since the weather was pleasant today, I played cricket with my friends in the park. It was a great experience and full of fun. I hope the weather remains like this for more days to come, so that we can have good time,\" said Sarabjit Singh , a student and resident of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "majhipara, sukma", "code": "12859712", "title": "Cops arrive to probe kidnap, beat up villagers", "text": "MAJHIPARA, SUKMA: The trail of horrors continues at Majhipara village, about 450 km from Chhattisgarh's capital, Raipur. On Monday, a team of CRPF and district policemen came to the village to investigate the abduction of the district collector and beat up several villagers, including women.The police arrived when Ganga Kuram (25), a farmer, had just sat down to a frugal meal of rice. \"They dragged me out of the house and hit me with a lathi,\" he said.Ganga and other men of the village fled their homes after Maoists abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon and killed two of his security guards.After hiding in the forest, Ganga returned home on Monday hoping the worst was over. But he was wrong. \"We are caught between them (Maoists) and the police,\" said another old man who refused to give his name.Like Ganga, he too listened to Menon. But, they remained tightlipped about what happened on Saturday. \"We heard gunshots and ran away, I didn't see anything else,\" said Ganga.Other villagers echoed him. \"Yes, some men came with guns. They killed two guards. But, how will I know who they are or where they came from?\" said a middle-aged villager. Fearing retaliation, they even refused to say which way the Maoists walked away with Menon.Asked, Sukma SP Abhishek Shandilya said, \"Yes, a police team went to the village to probe Saturday's incident. I have not heard about police beating villagers. Nobody has complained to us.\" But the villagers volunteered every detail about being beaten up by the police on Monday.There were rumours that a Maoist cadre was killed during Saturday's attack. \"Later, it turned out to be untrue,\" said the old man. The police team had come to cross-check the rumour.Kuram Deva's left arm was swollen after he and his neighbour, Kuram Irma, were beaten by cops. Markam Singhe was serving her husband, Kuram Khosa, the morning meal when the police team entered the village.\"They asked villagers to gather in one corner of the village. My husband had just eaten a morsel when the policemen dragged him out of our house. I ran after them asking where they were taking him. One cop struck him with a lathi and another pointed a gun at me,\" said Singhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12859658", "title": "Students rue lack of social science department in DAVV", "text": "INDORE: While Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) has proposed to introduce new courses to the University Grants Commission (UGC), there are hundreds of students still awaiting university's nod to start a full-fledged social science department. The students too are looking forward to a few job oriented courses in various teaching departments of the university. The UGC and NAAC had several times asked the university top officials to introduce the department.Students rue that while all social science courses are being taught in the affiliated colleges of the university, there is a need of these courses in the university campus itself as the environment and facilities available on the campus cannot be matched with individual college. Siddhartha Sharma, one of the students, says, \"To prepare for civil services, social science subjects are must in the university. I had to study the subjects in private college as the university does not offer graduation course in Social Science.\" Another student says, \"Studying in the university department enhances research skills. To prepare these subjects for civil services, students study them in private coaching classes.\"Academicians too feel the need for reforms in the university for overall growth in terms of quality education and innovation. They feel the need to make changes in the traditional courses with the help industry people. Ramesh Mangal, one of the senior professors, says, \"There are limitations and lacuna in the University Act. Amendments should be in such a way that industry people, along with professors, design the courses according to market demands.\"There are several courses related to banking and cooperatives that need to be introduced along with courses that other Indian universities are mulling over to remain competitive, he added.Another senior professor Gyanprakash says, \"Vocational, diploma and certificate courses needs to be introduced in the university. Courses like secretarial practices will always be in vogue. Social sciences department is required for public service aspirants. It is unfortunate that we have public service commission and no social science department in the university.\"On the other hand, the university officials rue that there is a severe crunch of qualified teachers which is not letting the university start new courses. Vice-chancellor Rajkamal says, \"We have been introducing new courses, but in some departments there is a severe crunch of faculty and most of them have guest faculty members. Once we get sanction for increasing staff, we will start the courses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860742", "title": "Cops arrest two more monetary agents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Continuing its drive against money-lenders, the police nabbed two more persons involved in money-lending through a registered leasing and holding firm, but at exorbitant rate of interest on Tuesday. The two were identified as Sudhir Singh and his brother Vipin Singh, proprietor of Swarnim Leasing and Holding Ltd situated at B-block, Rajajipuram locality in Talkatora police station area.The accused were charging annual interest of around 40% against the permitted maximum rate of 18%, DIG Ashutosh Pandey told mediapersons. The police action came on the complaint of Nitin Chandra Srivastava, a resident of Vrindavan Colony, Telibagh. According to Srivastava, he had taken a loan of Rs 5 lakh after mortgaging the papers of the house of his father-in-law at an interest of 18%. As per that Srivastava had paid back Rs 5.58 lakh. However, Singh brothers refused to give pack the mortgaged papers claiming that they would have to pay at least Rs 8.5 lakh, if they have to get his papers released, the DIG said.They even started threatening Srivastava to pay back the amount. Fed up with this, Srivastava lodged a complaint with the Hazratganj police, which has been made the nodal police station for lodging of complaints pertaining to money-lending. The DIG said that he contacted ADM (finance) in this regard, who told him that as per the law, the maximum rate of interest could be 18%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866420", "title": "Priya Marathe ties the knot", "text": "Priya Marathe, who shot to fame as Varsha of Pavitra Rishta, tied the knot with her long time friend Shantanu Moghe yesterday in Pune.It was simple wedding with their respective families, relatives and friends from her show, Pavitra Rishta in attendance. Says the proud bride, \"Shantanu and I have been friends for a long time. We decided to take our relationship to the next level. Yesterday on the auspicious occasion of Akshaytritiya we got married in Pune.\"\" to those uninitiated, Shantanu is an actor by profession and is son of the well-known Marathi actor Shrikant Moghe.\"\" Priya is currently seen in Zee Marathi's show Tu Tithe Me .Wish you a happy married life ahead!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860596", "title": "Government may reconsider waste disposal plan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government might reconsider its decision to set up a waste treatment plant at Vellar rock quarry.\"The people of Vellar have expressed their apprehensions about the project. We will consider it seriously during the cabinet meet and a final decision will be announced after the meeting,\" said urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali here on Tuesday.Meanwhile, the locals of Vellar in a memorandum said that the place which had been identified for setting up waste plant was in fact a tourist destination.\"We have also told the minister about how the people are dependent on the rock quarry as a potential water reserve. The minister has been intimated that the conversion of rock quarry into waste plant would leave the local people in severe drinking water crisis,\" said Vellar councillor Nedumam Mohanan, who met the minister on Tuesday.On Monday, a huge gathering converged at the rock quarry to resist any move of the official to initiate the pumping of water from the rock quarry. The project was to pump all the water the quarry and to land fill the quarry. Owing to the protest of the local people, the officials had desisted from getting on with the initial steps of the project.The locals of Vellar in a memorandum said that the place which had been identified for setting up waste plant was in fact a tourist destination", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12863140", "title": "Polaris Financial Tech quarterly profit up 9%", "text": "CHENNAI: IT company Polaris Financial Technology reported a 9 per cent rise in its profit after tax (PAT) to Rs 221 crore for the financial year ending March 31, 2012.The city-headquartered company reported a PAT of Rs 202 crore in the previous fiscal, Polaris said in a statement.The total revenue for the year ending March 31, 2012 grew by 29 per cent to Rs 2,052 crore as compared to Rs 1,586 crore in the previous fiscal.Polaris Financial Technology's profits after tax for the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2012 grew by 6 per cent to Rs 61.14 crore as against Rs 57.57 crore registered during the same period in the previous fiscal.Total revenue for the January-March quarter grew by 19 per cent to Rs 520 crore as compared to Rs 437 crore registered in the year-ago period.The company's operating profit (EBITDA) grew by 20 per cent to Rs 287 crore from Rs 239 crore registered in 2011-12 fiscal.For the quarter ending March 31, 2012, its EBITDA grew by 9 per cent to Rs 63 crore from Rs 58 crore registered during the same period of last year.The company expects to grow at 17-20 per cent for the financial year ending March 31, 2013 and revenues are pegged to be in the range of Rs 2,400 crore to Rs 2,460 crore, the statement said.\"It is satisfying to see that our Polaris 3.0 strategy of repeatable, predictable and profitable growth has paid off\", Polaris Financial Technology Founder-Chairman and CEO Arun Jain said.In the last four years, revenue in both product business as well as services doubled and PBDT (Profit Before Depreciation and Tax) grew from Rs 135 crore to Rs 330 crore, he said.The company currently has about 12,886 employees on its rolls. It reported an attrition rate of 15.60 per cent for the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2012, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12864544", "title": "Cong rejects reports of ministers'resignation offer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday rejected reports that some of its ministers have offered to party President Sonia Gandhi to quit their posts and work for the party.\"Till this moment, Congress President has not received any such letter from anyone and no one has even verbally mentioned this thing to her,\" AICC general secretary in-charge for organisations and media department Janardhan Dwivedi said.He was responding to a question about reports that four Congress ministers in the UPA government have offered to resign from their posts expressing their interest to work for the party instead.The media was abuzz on Tuesday with reports that Jairam Ramesh , Salman Khurshid , Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi have offered to quit the government and work for the party. Azad is already AICC general secretary.However, Ravi, minister for overseas affairs, and Ramesh denied having written any such letters.Sources had said that Khurshid, who holds law and minority affairs portfolios, had written to Gandhi just after the Uttar Pradesh Assembly election results last month, explaining the scene after the party's drubbing.In that context, the senior Congress leader from Uttar Pradesh is believed to have offered to give up his ministerial posts and work for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867456", "title": "Gold, cars, houses top Akshaya Tritiya shopping list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The gold business that recently saw a lean phase owing to a 21-day strike by jewelers, regained some of its sheen on Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday. Jewellery shops in the city witnessed a heavy rush on the occasion as it is believed that buying gold on this auspicious day augments wealth and prosperity.\"I only came to buy a small piece of gold to keep up the tradition but I got carried away by heavy discount at the shop and made purchases worth Rs 30,000. My husband will surely be upset,\" smiled school teacher Anima Das at a jewellery shop in the city.Jewellery shops in the city did about 30 to 40% extra business on Akshaya Tritiya, sources said. \"We were expecting a dip because of the soaring prices, but the response was encouraging. By evening, we garnered about 20 to 30% extra business than regular days,\" said a city-based jeweler.However, the trend of buying gold on Akshaya Tritiya has spilled over to other assets too like cars, houses and land plots, computers and even home appliances. While a huge rush was witnessed on the occasion at almost all jewellery shops in the city, which lured customers with attractive discounts and gifts, people were also seen thronging car showrooms, computer dealers, real-estate developers and electronic shops.\"People believe it is auspicious to invest in some kind of asset on this special day. Those who were supposed to buy a car in the near future or past prefer to do it on this day. We made bookings of around 50 vehicles this day,\" said a car dealer in the city.Real estate developers were also upbeat due to the positive mood of investors on Akshaya Tritiya. \"On this day we did our 'bhumipujan' and started two new projects. On the same day we booked as many as 10 flats. People who had already decided to invest chose this day to complete the paper works or sign agreements,\" said Rakesh Mohanty, a real estate developer, one of whose projects is coming up in Jatni area of the city.\"I waited for a month to book a flat on this auspicious day as per the advice of my astrologer. Since it is my hard earned money and I am investing in my dream house, I want everything to be perfect,\" said Pradip Subudhhi, a bank executive.Cashing in on the mood, big retail marts offered handsome discounts for electronics, furniture and mobile phones. \"Akshaya Tritiya is an excuse not only for buyers but also for traders to spend money. So we are offering good discounts in electronic appliances,\" said a store manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861073", "title": "Artemis hospital files FIR against patient\u2019s kin", "text": "GURGAON: Artemis Hospital in Gurgaon has filed an FIR with the Sadar Police station against the family members of 21-year-old Jyoti, who was brought to Artemis Hospital on November 19 last year, following an accident. She was seven months pregnant at that time.The hospital has accused the patient's family of behaving in an unruly manner repeatedly and has also complained that they had manhandled a lady security officer deployed in front of the ICU on Tuesday morning. The family was allegedly insisting on meeting the patient during non-visiting hours.Dr Devlina Chakravarty, chief operating ofiicer, Artemis, said, \"We treat patients regardless of outstanding payment, if any. Our policy allows a ceiling of Rs 2.5 lakh as outstanding payment but we have been treating patients even when the figure exceeds this stipulated figure, for the sake of humanity. In this case, the due amount of Rs18 lakh is only for consumer goods and drugs. We aren't even charging the patient for ICU rent, anesthesia and doctor's fees.\"Dr Devlina added, \"We will wait for another 3-4 days for the family to relocate her themselves, failing which we will take the police's help to shift her. Meanwhile, the patient's family had a different story to tell. The patient's father, Gyanchand, said, \"A nurse came to call my wife because Jyoti had summoned her. We didn't disrupt the ICU proceedings or norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12861120", "title": "Absconding criminal held", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Tuesday arrested a criminal on police records Rohidas Anant Chorge (37), who had escaped from the premises of the Sassoon General hospital on February 5, 2011.A team led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge laid a trap at Vangani village in Velha taluka and nabbed Chorge, while he was coming out of a temple.Chorge is the main suspect in the murder of real estate agent Sandeep Bandal. On February 7, 2008 Bandal was assaulted to death at Erandwane following an old dispute. The Kothrud police had arrested Chorge under the charges of murder, following which Chorge was lodged in the Yerawada central prison since 2008.On February 5 last year, Chorge was brought to Sassoon because of ill health. After treatment he came out of ward number 45 and requested the police constable for water. The constable took him to a water tap on the premises of the hospital. Chorge drank water and while the constable was drinking water, Chorge pushed him and fled.Inspector Barge told TOI that since then Chorge was living in a secluded place near his native place in Vangani village in Velha taluka. \"Chorge was sarpanch of the village, when he was arrested. Following the arrest he had resigned from the post of sarpanch. During the next grampanchyat elections, Chorge and his panel was elected unopposed,\" Barge said.Barge said that the Pune police had raided his house several times, but Chorge could not be traced as he had the support of the local people. \"Our team on Monday arrested a criminal on police record - Shwetang Nikalje, for his alleged involvement in the firing case at the district court. During interrogation Nikalje revealed that every Tuesday Chorge visited the temple in Vangni village,\" Barge said, adding, \"Chorge was arrested while he was coming out of the temple.\"Barge added that Chorge has three cases registered against him, including murder. He was also a suspect in the firing, which took place outside the Shivajinagar court on February 23 this year. \"The victim Vijay Karke had told the police that he had seen Chorge in the court. We are yet to confirm Chorge's presence,\" Barge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860470", "title": "Grama sabhas to get major revamp, says chief minister", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Grama sabhas will soon get a major revamp in the state, said chief minister Oommen Chandy . He was inaugurating the Panchayat Day celebrations which concluded here on Tuesday.'The meaning of decentralization is achieved only by empowering the grama sabhas. Fund utilization for grama sabhas has to be made more effective if the government needs to realize various social welfare schemes being devised for village panchayats,\" the CM said.Chandy also stressed the need for panchayat members to play an active role in mass contact programmes.\"It is the members who are close to the public. Whatever grievances the public present during mass contact programmes have to be addressed with participation of panchayat members,\" he said.Finance minister K M Mani launched the new system for the payment of property tax through post offices on the occasion.He announced that Right to Service Act will soon be enforced in state. 'With the implementation of the Act, the government aims at raising the sense of responsibility of a panchayat member,\" Mani said. The new edition of panchayat raj magazine was released by tourism minister A P Anilkumar. Health minister V S Sivakumar launched the logo for 'Shuchitwa gramam, Haritha gramam' programme. The new accounting service for local bodies was introduced by panchayat minister M K Muneer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860890", "title": "Large stash of beer seized near Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: Police hit at a novel strategy adopted by a bootlegger in Panchmahal to hide Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL). The stash was hidden inside an underground cellar made by the bootlegger.Early on Tuesday, Godhra taluka police conducted a raid at Kankuthambala village near Godhra. They recovered 440 crates of beer and seized four vehicles that were used to ferry the stock. The seized beer has been valued at Rs 5.28 lakh, while the two passenger carriers, one multi-utility vehicle and a tractor, seized in the raid are valued at Rs 10.5 lakh.While the police were unable for find the stock at the house, a search led it to a cellar nearby. The stock was kept inside the cellar and allegedly belonged to a bootlegger Kiran alias Kiriyo Bariya, who had been detained under Prevention of Anti-social Activities Act earlier. Bariya managed to escape during the raid and a manhunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860699", "title": "Fulbright programme: India is largest beneficiary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: India is the largest beneficiary of Fulbright scholar exchange programmes worldwide with more than 17,000 fellowships and other grants awarded to Indians and Americans since it began in 1950, said US Consul General Jennifer McIntyre.Talking at the Fulbright mentoring workshop here on Friday, she said that the education summit organized by India and US in Washington in October 2011 was indicative of the growing efforts of the two countries at the governmental level to address the need to educate the expanding young population and to find ways to share the collective expertize of both countries.She said that the US-India Educational Foundation (USIEF) served as a major link between Indian students and U S educational institutions as more than 1,00,000 Indians currently pursue higher education in the US.The US consul said that the US and India were not just looking at a single model to increase educational exchanges, but multiple ways were being explored through government, business, un versity and people-to-people linkages.She said that the progress of the new Obama-Singh 21st Century Knowledge Initiative (OSI), which is administered jointly by USIEF and the University Grants Commission (UGC) was commendable. \"This is yet another flagship programme of both the American and Indian Governments that aims to build research partnerships between American and Indian institutions of higher education,\" she said. The first round of proposals for grants would be awarded to institutions in both countries soon, she added.The Fulbright scholarship is a flagship international exchange scholarship programme between the US and 155 countries, which is supported by the US Congress.US and India were not just looking at a single model to increase educational exchanges, but multiple ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12863321", "title": "Bangalore temperature records a new high at 37.5 degrees", "text": "BANGALORE: The searing Sun is making Bangalore feel the heat for sure . The mercury level soared to 37 .5 degrees Celsius on Tuesday, making it the hottest day of 2012 so far . The weatherman has predicted the maximum temperature to rise further, at least by a couple of degrees in the next few days .Met department officials said, \"Maximum temperature was 37 .5 degrees Celsius and minimum 24. In April 2010, maximum temperature hadtouched 37 .6degreesCelsius .Temperatureis likely to go up in the next two days . Bangalore's average maximum temperaturein Mayis around 38 .9 degrees Celsius, so respite from the continuing heat wave is unlikely in the next few days . \"We are expecting rain in 2 to 3 days, but it'll not bring much relief from the heat,\" said B Puttanna, director, Met department, Bangalore .RAIN ELSEWHEREIt continued to rain in coastal Karnataka, northinterior and some parts of south-interior Karnataka on Tuesday . Areas in and around Mysore, Kodagu,Hassan andM angalore received 2to6cm rainfall . Gadag and Bellary recorded the highest maximum temperature of 40 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12860027", "title": "New police commissioner takes charge with focus on public safety", "text": "COIMBATORE: Solving undetected cases and ensuring speedy probe in sensitive cases would be the priority for the city police, said A K Viswanathan IPS, who assumed charge as the new commissioner of police here on Tuesday. He addressed the media soon after former police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy handed over charge to Viswanathan. The new CoP spoke at length about strategies to tackle law and order problems. Traffic issues too would be addressed, he said.\"We will ensure public safety and focus on crime prevention and detection. I will give priority to traffic regulations in the city. The successful schemes implemented by previous officers will continue,\" said Viswanathan.Crime probes will be completed in an efficient and speedy manner, Viswanathan assured the public. He also urged the public to register their grievances with him and he would make sure that they would be addressed appropriately. \"The public can meet with me directly at my office between 10am and 1pm. They can also call 9444000029 in case of emergency,\" said the city's top cop.Viswanathan hails from Erode and had been serving as the chief vigilance officer at TNPL. He belongs to the 1990 IPS batch and was posted first as assistant superintended of police at Dharmapuri. He later served as superintendent of police in Madurai between 1995 and1998 following which he was with the state police special branch from 1998 to 2001. Then he was on deputation as SP and DIG with the CBI. Later he served as DIG Intelligence in 2006-2008. Viswanathan has served as additional commissioner of police (Law and Order) Chennai city.The previous city police commissioner Sundaramoorthy took charge on Tuesday as the inspector general of police (IGP) of West Zone, Coimbatore. As many as eight districts including Coimbatore, Nilgiris, Tirupur, Erode, Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri come under his control.\"I will reduce the crime rate in the new areas under my control. I will focus on crime prevention and detection. Regulating traffic in the eight districts will be another focus area,\" said Sundaramoorthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12861962", "title": "Finally, India set to get a law to counter piracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pirates arrested by the Navy or the Coast Guard on the high seas or in India's exclusive economic zone (EEZ), which stretches to 200 nautical miles from the coast, could face even the death penalty according to the Piracy Bill introduced in Parliament on Tuesday.Whoever commits an act of piracy \"shall be punished with imprisonment for life\" that may extend to the death sentence if the incident has caused someone's death. Any attempt to commit, aid or abet piracy will attract imprisonment of up to 14 years and a fine.The long-delayed Bill, moved by MoS for external affairs E Ahmed, seeks to plug a big gap in the country's legal system that is grappling with the absence of specific anti-piracy provisions in the Indian Penal Code. The problem has grown over the last three to four years, with Somali pirates operating with sheer impunity around India's EEZ.\"Piracy has spread well into the Arabian Sea, around 1,100 nautical miles from Somalia's coast. Piracy is estimated to have become a $12 billion sophisticated global industry, with deepening links with terrorism,\" said an official. While Navy and Coast Guard have actively thwarted many pirate attacks on merchant vessels both near Indian shores as well as in the piracy-infested Gulf of Aden, prosecuting the arrested people has become a legal headache .Authorities have being taking recourse to provisions like armed robbery, rioting, attempt to murder and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, Arms Act and the centuryold Admiralty Law to book apprehended pirates.The new bill seeks to address all these problems by defining what constitutes piracy, setting up designated sessions courts for \"speedy trials\" , providing for extradition and laying down stringent punishment. The Piracy Act will extend to the EEZ once promulgated .Beyond that, even in the EEZ, the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea comes into play.UNCLOS, to which India is a signatory, does define piracy as a universal crime while giving nations the right to seize and prosecute but many countries are yet to incorporate the convention in their own laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12865793", "title": "Civic cell to monitor lifestyle diseases in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: It may soon be possible to map non-communicable and lifestyle diseases like diabetes and hypertension in the city.Prompted by the successful containment of communicable diseases like diseases like malaria and tuberculosis through programme officers, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to appoint an officer for non-communicable ailments as well.\"There is a high incidence of non-communicable diseases (NCD)s in the city, especially among the slum population,\" said additional municipal commissioner (health) Manisha Mhaiskar. \"Infectious diseases show immediate symptoms and can therefore be detected and treated early. But symptoms show up much later in case of non-communicable diseases. This makes it difficult to treat them and hence the higher incidence and mortality rates,\" Mhaiskar said. \"Initially, the programme officer will focus on diabetes and hypertension.\"A dedicated NCD cell will be a boon for the city where one in three citizens suffers from hypertension or diabetes. \"An estimated 25% of the population suffers from hypertension, and about 20% from diabetes. , who had conducted a study called, Screening India's Twin Epidemic (SITE).\"Vada pao, the everyday meal of many Mumbaikars, is rich in carbohydrates and fats. and is unhealthy.High stress levels make citizens susceptible to these diseases,\" said Dr The figures are hardly surprising given the high-stress levels among Mumbaikars, who are also known for their unhealthy lifestyle habits. The slum population is no exception when it comes to the twin epidemic. DrShashank Joshi, president of Indian Academy of Diabetics, adding, \"Awareness, preventive measures and early screening are very important, especially in the lower economic strata.\"For the next six months, the NCD officer will not only work on awareness and prevention of lifestyle diseases, but also gauge their incidence. \"Early intervention and periodic check-ups can help bring down the prevalence. We will map the incidence of these diseases in the slum areas,\" said Mhaiskar.Activists believe the BMC should include other non-communicable diseases like cancer and lung diseases in its programme as they claim more lives. According to experts, cardio vascular diseases (including hypertension), lung diseases, diabetes and cancer claim maximum lives in the city.\"The main causes, besides bad nutrition and lack of physical exercise, are consumption of tobacco and alcohol. , which also can be termed under unhealthy lifestyle.Once these two are controlled, the incidence of NCDs will come down on their own,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, oncologist from Tata Memorial, who has been working against tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863641", "title": "Tamanna Vs Anushka", "text": "For reasons unknown, Curvy big beauty Anushka is not coming to Telugu Industry and is cementing her place in Tamil circuit. She had laughed at many other heroines in Kollywood after signing a series of movies. Now, it's time for her to do the opposite.Interestingly, Milky and small looking beauty Tamanna got a decent start in Tamil but never rose to the likes of a top heroine. However, her rise to stardom in Telugu Industry made Tamil producers knock her doors once again. Not only films, Tamanna is also getting lot of ad assignments from lungi-land. Recently she has signed as a brand ambassador for Fanta in Tamilnadu and will be the front face of a leading jeweler store based in Chennai. Milky babe's re-entry became a tough competition for our bulky curvaceous siren Anushka, reveals an insider.Our tall beauty also signed handful of movies and is concentrating on ads to make her career run long. Anyways, Tammu is busy with many projects in Telugu circuit also, so there will be a chance for Anushka to dominate this little beauty a little in Tamil.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12859899", "title": "Gold shines bright on Akshay Tritiya", "text": "RANCHI: Showrooms dealing in cars, jewellery and electronic goods brimmed over with shoppers on Tuesday, the day of Akshay Tritiya. On this occasion, it is considered auspicious to make an investment either in gold or silver for everlasting prosperity.According to the Puranas, it is said that on Akshay Tritiya, Veda Vyasa, along with Ganesha, started writing the great epic Mahabharata. Traditionally, the birth anniversary of Lord Parasurama, the sixth incarnation of Lord Vishnu, is also celebrated on this day. Special pujas are offered to Lord Ganesha and Lakshmi.People also take a holy dip in the river and do charity. Shopping, however, takes on a new dimension because of the various offers. Shankar Prasad, a shopper at a jewellery shop, said, \"I will be buying a gold chain today. It will be an investment and something auspicious.\"People were also seen buying electronic goods, vehicles, land and houses. Many shops offered lucrative deals to win over customers. While some gold sellers waived the making charge, some offered free gold or silver coins along with purchases of a particular amount. Praveer Tulsyan, a jewellery shop owner, said, \"We are doing away with the making charge of gold and diamond jewellery. We had more than 300 customers.\"Offers were not just restricted to jewellery shops, even car and electronic goods showrooms gave special discounts. Sunil Suneja, an electronic goods shop owner, said, \"We are offering a discount of 10%.\" A huge sale of cars and two-wheelers was recorded in the city. Sukhbeer Singh, sales manager of an automobile company, said, \"We have delivered 30 cars that were booked for this day. Our Akshay Tritiya incentive is free accessories.\"Post offices were not to be left behind either. They sold gold coins till six in the evening with a discount of 6%.Ranchi: The streets of the city were choc a bloc with shoppers on Tuesday as people came out of their houses to buy gold, silver or electronic goods on the auspicious day of Akshay Tritiya.Akshay Tritiya, marks the beginning of the \"satyayug\" - the first of the four yugas. According to the Puranas it is said that on the day of Akshay Tritiya, Veda Vyasa along with Ganesha had started writing the great epic Mahabharata. The day is also traditionally the birthday of Lord Parasurama, the sixth incarnation of Lord Vishnu. People conduct special worships on this day, bathe in holy rivers, do charity work and worship lord Ganesha and Laxmi on this day.It is said that buying something new, specially gold or silver and making a starting some new work on Akshay Tritiya is auspicious and and hence many people were found shopping on this day. Shankar Prasad, a shopper at a jewelry shop said, \"I will be buying a gold chain today as it is said that if we buy something on Akshay Tritiya it pays rich dividends.\"People were also seen buying electronic goods, vehicles, land or houses, makeup products and reading material on the day according to their sun sign. As a result many shops had come up with various offers to lure the customers. These offers included discount on jewelries and making charges and free gold and silver coins on shopping over a particular amount of money. Praveer Tulsyan, a jewelry shop owner said, \"We are not taking making charge on gold and diamond jewelries as a part of special offer for Akshay Tritiya. Since morning we have had more than 300 customers.\"Offers were not just restricted to jewelry shops but even the cars and electronic goods showrooms gave special discount for the day. Sunil Suneja, an electronic goods owner said, \"We are offering a discount of 10% for our customers and are trying to provide everything on customers' demand.\"A huge sale of cars and two wheelers was also observed on the day. Sukhbeer Singh, sales manager of an automobile company said, \"We have delivered 30 cars that were previously booked for this day and some more people came today to buy cars. We are offering free accessories on the sale of cars.\"The post offices of the city were also selling gold coins till six in the evening with a discount of 6% on this auspicious day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12859145", "title": "Ice golas are tempting but dangerous", "text": "VARANASI: With the summer season comes the demand for that delicious 'ice gola' (or ice candy) prepared from crushed ice flavoured with edible colours. This year too, some three to four makeshift stalls have set themselves up in front of every school. Such ice candy is extremely unhygienic, however tempting it may look, say experts.According to Dr Alok Bharadwaj, secretary, IMA and child specialist, all the ingredients including ice, sugar and colours that are used to prepare the ice gola are harmful. \"Apart from the fact that the intake of ice while standing or walking in scorching sun is in itself harmful as the body suffers sudden change of temperature, the quality of ice and sugar used also cannot be trusted for quality,\" he added.According to him, the water used to prepare the ice may be contaminated and can cause infections of several kind leading to jaundice, hepatitis A , fever, flu and many other troubles. \"On an average, around 100 children fall ill every day every year during summers mainly because of eating roadside ice gola,\" he claimed.Despite such health risks, if designated officer of food safety and drug administration Ashok Kumar Sharma is to believed, no inspection has been done to check the quality of ice golas in the past one year. According to Sharma, there is a particular limit to add the food colour, saccharine and preservatives in any food item and if a vendor is found mishandling the norms, legal action can be taken against him. \"Inspection of roadside food, mineral water and ice candy is under pipeline and is expected to happen soon,\" he informed.But, if the vendors engaged in selling ice gola are to be believed, there are approximately 300 vendors selling ice golas in the city and most of these makeshift stall owners neither have a licence nor are they registered with the Food Saefty and Drug Administration. They are also not aware about food safety guidelines.\"We add components like saccharine as our customers, mostly children, more sweet, while elders like more spices in the gola,\" said Chhotu, who claims to sell some 70-80 ice candies in a day. \"Kala khatta, rose, mango , mixed fruit and lemon are some of the most popular flavours in demand. No one enquires about the ice or the quality of colours and flavours used,\" said Gokul, a vendor outside a mall in Sigra.But, for Tripti, a student of Class III at a school in Lahurabir, although her school teachers have advised against eating ice gola, she cannot stop herself from buying it once the school gets over. \"Nothing can beat the heat like a dose of ice gola. It is relaxing and refreshing and at the same time reminds us of our childhood days,\" said Shalu, a student of computer, in Maldahiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12860404", "title": "Dead boy's family files murder case", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The bereaved family of Mohd Azharuddin, the third-year mechanical engineering student of Islamia Institute of Technology-Bangalore (IITB) who was found dead in his hostel room under mysterious circumstances on Saturday night, has lodged a murder case with Bangalore police.Suspecting foul play in the incident, the victim's family has sought thorough probe into the matter. \"On the basis of what we have gathered, we suspect that my brother was killed. We have lodged a murder case with the Bangalore police and sought comprehensive investigation into the matter,\" said Sadique Mirza, younger brother of the engineering student.However, Mirza said they have yet not received the postmortem report. \"Postmortem officials said the autopsy report will be given to the police in two days time (from the date of autopsy) and it will be available to us in few weeks time,\" said Mriza.The body of Azharuddin was brought to his Kadma B H Area residence on Tuesday morning and buried at Jugsalai graveyard. Azharuddin, son of Tata Steel employee Zainul Abedil, did his intermediate education from Mrs K M PM Inter College in Bistupur. Later he joined IITB for studying engineering.\"He was good in studies and was extrovert in nature,\" said Mirza adding that even on the fateful day, Azharuddin had long conversations with him and his sister in Kanpur. \"Just few hours before he went for a party at his friend's house, Azharuddin had a pleasant talk with us,\" said Mirza.\"Azharuddin's room mates said my brother fell ill after consuming the food in the party and was brought to the hostel in the same condition following which he (Azharuddin) went to sleep and never woke up ,\"said Mirza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12859091", "title": "Bad roads continue to inconvenience public", "text": "VARANASI: The digging of roads for various development works in the city has aggravated commuter's woes, even as slow pace of construction work is making life hell for denizens.While the divisional commissioner had taken a serious note of the delay in the construction and repair of roads at a recent review meeting, the work is yet to speed up. It is causing woes to commuters.It may be mentioned here that divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari had recently presided over a review meeting of senior officials to take stock of the progress in infrastructural work, especially construction of roads. Sensing the slowness in work, the commissioner had also instructed to form a monitoring committee to supervise the construction of roads on a weekly basis under the Ganga Pollution Control Unit (GPCU) of the UP Jal Nigam. However, a realty check by TOI revealed slackness in the work. Boulders, water supply and sewage pipelines could be seen lying on the roads (some of them even lying in the congested gullies) and blocking traffic movement difficult in many parts of the city.The worst condition was witnessed in DLW-Kakarmatta area where potholes and boulders were abundant below the rail overbridge. Similarly, the busy Sunderpur-DLW road that had recently witnessed construction after the digging work for laying water supply and sewer had also started to cave in due to load of heavy vehicles passing through the area.The condition was almost similar in posh Ravindrapuri area that had repeatedly witnessed digging work for laying of underground cables, water and sewage pipelines. The vehicles were still being diverted from the main area due to bad condition of roads.As per Ramesh Singh, general manager, GPCU, about 80% of the road dug along Sunderpur-DLW has been constructed. \"The area needed a full bout of monsoon season to allow dug soil to settle properly and the roads constructed after the period would have long life. But, despite the deadline we are moving fast and not hampering movement in the city,\" he added.It is also worth mentioning that the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) has also not completed the repair and construction of damaged roads which were badly hit during the past monsoon season. According to UN Tripathi, executive engineer, 60% of the roads have been repaired under the natural calamity fund and we are waiting for release of additional fund to complete the work before the start of next monsoon season. In all, a total of 47 roads in different parts of the city under VNN were damaged in the past monsoon season.While the VNN is also gearing for cleanliness of drains before the monsoon season this year, the start of the work has unleashed heaps of silt along roads, giving a filthy look to the area. The areas including Teliayabagh, Bhelupur, Rewari Talab have started to witness accumulation of silt, enough to add to the inconvenience of commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12863804", "title": "Genpact bets big on Indian market", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's largest business process outsourcing firm Genpact is sharply focusing on the India market. Genpact now offers customer service support to Indian restaurants, hotel chains and e-commerce websites.Genpact manages the online ad-approval and customer service support for Google, the search giant which controls majority of India's online search ad market which is about Rs 880 crore. It manages the customer support for Yum Foods, which manages brands such as Pizza Hut and KFC.Within three years of launch, Genpact's India business now accounts for about $40 million in annual revenues, or around 2% of the firm's $1.6 billion yearly sales. Genpact's India business is growing at a rate of 40-50% annually, and is served from smaller towns such as Jaipur and Dehradun besides its Gurgaon head office.So if you've ordered a pizza from a Pizza Hut outlet, chances are a Genpact customer service executive would answer your queries. Listed on New York Stock Exchange , Genpact's employs about 4,000 employees to cater to its India clients.\"The industry has shifted from pure voice support to managing entire back-end of companies from procurement, to customer service to customer analytics in finance and accounting,\" said Harpreet Duggal, senior vice-president and leader for India business at Genpact.The BPO company, which was spun off from General Electric India's back office, now handles reservations for Hyatt Hotels, besides handling the procurement support services for Jagdish Khattar's multi-brand Auto Chain - Carnation. It also handles ICICI Bank's home loan collections and renewals for Max New York Life Insurance . However, compared to its China business, the Indian pie looks relatively small.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864477", "title": "Late night speed accident: Human folly or bad road?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a late night speed-thrill for the youths but one bike and four riders disturbed the equation and resulted into death for two. However, regular commuters also stated that the speed bump that played a crucial role has not been marked clearly, many a time posing trouble for the riders especially during night .The incident has not been the first where hue and cry about speed bumps was raised . Earlier, rumblebumps near Gujarat University and Physical Research Laboratory, constructed overnight by private entities, posed a hazard and were later removed by the civic authorities .\"Even during a study conducted at Sola flyover by city traffic police to find out cause of accidents and frequent pile-ups, it was revealed that faulty pedestrian crossings and speed breakers were the main culprits behind the confusion on that stretch . After the study, the speed breakers, that force the vehicles that come from highway to merge with city traffic, were repositioned and new signs were put up to warn the riders about approaching bump . The move worked out well as the number of accidents has gone down,\" said a city traffic police official .Amit Khatri, a road safety consultant, said that while most of the speed breakers in the city don't adhere to the national guidelines need of the hour is also to warn the vehicle riders well in advance . \"How many speed breakers in the city have reflective paint that can warn the riders in the night about probable danger ahead ? Most of the accidents involving speed breakers take place at night as people tend to speed up due to empty roads,\" he said .Traffic police officials say that the issue is also about illegal bumps that are constructed by private entities . \"As per a rough estimate, more than 50% of the speed bumps in the city are not constructed by AMC authorities and have been put up by societies or nearby complex to ease up the traffic issue. However, the solution backfires as it creates more trouble than solution . We are going to start a drive soon where all the illegal bumps will be removed in night operations,\" said S K Kale, inspector of traffic police .The eight model roads planned by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation authorities thus don't have any provision for speed breakers and any such construction on these stretches will be demolished and will be replaced by zebra crossings, said a senior AMC official .Times ViewThe accident that occurred on Tuesday morning is especially tragic because it could have been averted. The deaths of two young men should persuade the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to waste no time in flattening speed breakers that have been either constructed illegally or fail to adhere to specifications. Such an action is particularly urgent for Ahmedabad because the city's traffic is swelling prodigiously each day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861162", "title": "Few new designs on Akshay Tritiya", "text": "GURGAON: Every year jewellery shops witness frenzied activity on Akshay Tritiya or Akha Teej, a day considered auspicious for buying the yellow metal, but this year the jewellers in the city were apprehensive till a day before. The jewellers had pinned hopes on the festival on Tuesday, especially after their 21-day strike recently. Jewellery mall Gold Souk in Sushant Lok Phase I had a footfall of more than 8,000 by the evening. \"After a long strike by the jewellers, people got a reason to buy gold. I designed a few light weight gold sets for my clients,\" said jewellery designer Monica Kapur.Meanwhile, buyers claimed most jewellers did not have enough new designs due to the long strike by the jewelers and designers. Several jewellery brands reported 20-30% increase in sales with special offers on the occasion. Banks also had various schemes on offer. \"Despite the existing gold rate, people purchased jewellery on the occasion,\" said Soumen Mallik, CEO, B C Sen Jewellers.\"With various schemes on offer on the occasion, there was an increase of 20% in sales as compared to last year,\" said Amit Bumb, director, Avenue Montaigne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860886", "title": "Blind potter passes on legacy to son", "text": "VADODARA: Being blind is not a handicap for 60-year-old Kanti Prajapati when it comes to making artistic pottery items. Prajapati does this with his deft hands and has even trained his son in doing so.Prajapai had become famous after it came to light that he worked like any other potter despite being blind. Bollywood actor Farooq Sheikh, too, was impressed by his skills and gave him Rs 1 lakh about 10 yeas ago. Like many other potters, Prajapati stays in Kumbharwada locality in Fatehgunj.Today, Prajapati has trained his son Dilip despite being blind. It was Dilip who took the initiative as he wanted to take up pottery to make a living. \"I used to see him work and wanted to help him. On several occasions when I went near the pottery wheel, he could hear me and asked what was I doing there. Eventually, I told him that I wanted to give up studies and start work,\" Dilip said.Dilip started working with his father about seven years ago and has become an expert now. \"He can make pottery items like artistic lamps and garbis. His work is very good and traders who buy items from us are also impressed,\" Prajapati, who had become blind at the age of 27, said.Prajapati wishes that he gets a space to display his goods. \"If this can happen, me and my son's work will reach a much larger audience and fetch better prices too. Today, we have to limit ourselves to selling items to wholesale traders,\" Prajapati said.After becoming blind, Prajapti had stopped work. But he was motivated to start again when a Surat-based wholesale dealer came to his place. \"He gave me Rs 5,000 as he had been a regular customer for years. He also said that I should practice making pottery despite being blind.I followed his advise and mastered the art,\" Prajapati said.The only regret he has is that he cannot see movies. \"I liked going to movies. Rajesh Khanna was my favourite actor,\" said Prajapati, who had last seen movie Kalicharan, starring Shatrughan Sinha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12860312", "title": "'Chittilappilly embodies Kerala's success'", "text": "KOCHI: The story of Kochouseph Chittilappilly is the success story of Kerala, said chief minister Oommen Chandy in Kochi on Tuesday. Chandy was speaking at the presentation of the Management Leadership Award 2012 to V-Guard Industries Ltd founder Kochouseph Chittilappilly.The award has been instituted by the Kerala Management Association (KMA).He said the state needs more success stories in the projects and entrepreneurial spheres. \"Among projects, I would consider the Cochin International Airport Ltd as the greatest success story from Kerala, which was completed only because of the determination of our former chief minister K Karunakaran,\" Chandy said. KMA President K N Shastry said Chittilappilly is a transformational leader, an exemplary manager and a visionary entrepreneur.\"In many ways, he rewrote the history of entrepreneurship in Kerala. Chittilappilly is an icon of corporate Kerala. In honouring him, KMA is celebrating excellence,\" Shastry observed. The voltage stabilizer was Chittilappilly's first innovation. \"The life of a first generation entrepreneur is never easy. Chittilappilly was undeterred by obstacles. To him, perseverance was the key to success. Initially, he would ride his scooter to distribute voltage stabilizers to shops in and around the city.\"\"Though his product formed part of a fragmented industry with many competitors, Kochouseph had the vision to build a brand based on the core values of quality and service,\" Shastry said.It would switch off when voltage shoots up and switch on when voltage drops to normal. Till then, stabilizers had been burning up whenever voltage increased abruptly. Chittilappilly changed that, carving out a new chapter in Kerala's entrepreneurial history.Kerala High Court judge Justice K Surendra Mohan was the guest of honour at the award function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12867644", "title": "Father seeks justice for son's murder", "text": "IMPHAL: A week after Loitam Richard, an engineering student from Manipur was killed allegedly inside his hostel in Bangalore, his family has sought punishment for the perpetrators of the crime.Richard's father L Rajesh Singh, a doctor, denied reports that his son provoked his colleagues and seniors of Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore after he allegedly changed the channel during an IPL match on April 18. Singh said it was an excuse of the culprits who murdered his son.Uripok locals on Tuesday staged a demonstration demanding a fitting punishment for Richard's killers. They also asked the state authorities to press upon their Karnataka counterparts to bring justice to Richard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866980", "title": "A delight for art and craft connoisseurs", "text": "A new gallery at Kala Ghoda showcases an eclectic amalgamation of talentNestled in a quiet lane opposite the Knesset Eliyahoo Synagogue at Kala Ghoda, the Artisans Gallery is one of the latest entrants in the long list of galleries that dot the art hub of the city - the Kala Ghoda-Fountain area. Operational since the last six months, Artisans has organised a number of shows since it was launched in September last year. The brainchild of Radhi Parekh, Artisans displays a unique assortment of art, craft and design.Radhi, a graphic designer, returned to India four years ago, after spending almost two decades abroad, working on illustrating children's books and multimedia and creating online software solutions for major global companies. \"I prefer calling myself an artisan - always creating something with my hands,\" she begins with a smile. \"I've always been a salaried individual, so establishing this gallery was a huge risk - the property belonged to my father and I really wanted to use it responsibly. Hence, I decided to make it a centre for art, craft and design because I felt there was a lack of the same in the city,\" she adds.The gallery celebrates creative processes through which materials are crafted into unique things that enhance ordinary lives. \"We encourage craft revival, sustenance and growth through innovation. The aim in setting up the gallery is simple - to go beyond established commercial relationships between buyers and makers of handcrafted artifacts by providing opportunities for learning, creating lasting value through a dialogue between us and our generation of emerging craftspeople, designers and artists,\" she says.Radhi travels all over the country to source artists, who have unique talent, which she feels deserves to be showcased in the city. \"I don't really have any formal criteria while selecting artists, I just go by intuition. I look out for local alternatives and regional flavours. There is an urgent need to celebrate our resources before they get lost forever. So, in the last six months, we have showcased textiles, wooden furniture, fused glass, metal works, pottery, split braiding, handwoven treasures, saris, jewellery and much more.\" And that's not it. Artisans also organises demonstrations, lectures and workshops - this summer they have creative writing workshops for children all the way till June.How would she define art, we ask. \"Unfortunately many people think that art is all about canvases and oils. But why restrict it to that! Folk, vernacular and tribal art, printmaking and posters should also be considered as highly skilled art forms. It's time we broaden our mindsets and recognise a beautiful piece of pottery or a textile as art,\" she ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866856", "title": "Court relief for Andheri couple", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Tuesday granted relief to an Andheri couple who apprehended arrest after the mother of the girl who their son allegedly eloped with immolated herself.Kishore and Jaya Patel's son, Tanand, was in love with Sunita Dhodia. Tanand didn't return home earlier this month. The Patels met Sunita's mother, Alka, at the police station. On April 18, Alka set herself ablaze and when the cops came to question them, the Patels apprehended arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12867598", "title": "Govt awaits nod for bicameral legislature", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is awaiting clearance from the finance department on its proposal to re-introduce the bicameral legislative system in the state by setting up the upper house or the legislative council.\"We are expecting the finance department's clearance on a small query soon after which the proposal will be placed before the cabinet for approval. Once we get it, Parliament needs to approve it and enact the Act,\" said parliamentary affairs minister Nilamani Sen Deka.The state was first granted a legislative council in 1913 under the Government of India Act, 1909, with a strength of 34 members of which 13 were nominated by the chief commissioner and 21 elected by people. In 1937, after the Government of India Act, 1935 was adopted by the British Parliament, provisions for a legislative assembly in each province was made. As a result, the legislature in the state became bicameral. It became unicameral with the abolition of Assam Legislative Council in 1947.Recently MLAs, cutting across party lines, urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to help expedite setting up of the upper house during his visit here on April 20. The need for re-introducing the legislative council was initiated to give a platform to unrepresented communities in the state. The official version, however, says that composition of the upper house will not be based on caste or community. \"There are set rules to form the upper house and we will follow them,\" a source said.According to rules, a legislative council will consist of not more than one-third of the total strength of the legislative assembly of the state and not less than 40. The strength of the state assembly is 126, which will allow the strength of the proposed upper house to be between 40 and 43. The state is likely to have a 42-member upper house.Five-sixth of the members of the council - 35 if the total strength is 42 - will be elected indirectly and the remaining one-sixth or seventh will be nominated by the governor. Further, among the members to be elected indirectly, one third or 14 members will be elected by members of local bodies such as corporations, municipalities and zilla parishads and another one-third by MLAs from among the persons who are not members of the assembly.One-twelfth or three members will be elected by electorate who are graduates, residing in the state. The remaining four will be elected by people engaged for at least three years in teaching in educational institutions in the state, not lower in standard than secondary schools. The governor will nominate the rest seven persons from the field of literature, science, arts, co-operative movement and social service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12865139", "title": "FIR registered against director of prosecution", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday registered an FIR against prosecution director Shobha Dhumaskar for causing loss to the state exchequer in a case of a flat taken on lease for official purposes.The FIR has been registered by SP Bosco George of the ACB under Sections 420, 474 of the IPC and Section 13 (1) (d) (i) &amp; (ii) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The FIR against Dhumaskar comes a week before her scheduled retirement from government service. ACB registered the FIR on directions issued by judge Nutan Sardessai of the special court under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Sardessai, in her 21-page order, issued the directions after hearing a petition filed by advocate Aires Rodrigues highlighting the complaint of corruption against Dhumaskar.Castigating the police for not registering the FIR earlier, Sardessai directed that the FIR be registered against Dhumaskar and such other persons who flouted the law and to investigate the matter.Rodrigues' complaint pertains to a 76 sq m flat at 'Mutual Apartments', at Panaji taken on lease by Dhumaskar for government purposes in a manner showing undue favoritism and causing loss to the state exchequer.He alleged that Dhumaskar went out of the way to lease the flat without issuing a public advertisement and intentionally permitted the owners of the flat undue financial advantage at the cost of the state exchequer. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866931", "title": "Power theft detection up 270% in 4 yrs", "text": "MUMBAI: The detection of power thefts in the island city has gone up by 270% in the four years between 2006 and2010. A recently released BEST report stated: \"BEST has adopted stringent measures for detecting theft of electricity, pilferage, etc in the island city.\"In 2009-10, the squad caught 2,131 errant consumers and fined them Rs 26.19 crore, in comparison to 1,173 consumers in 2008-09 from whom Rs 20 crore was recovered. In 2006-07, the squad had nabbed 658 consumers and recovered Rs 9.67 crore from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12867452", "title": "Boston boy's body arrives home", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a heart-wrenching scene, mother of murdered Boston University student K Seshadri Rao wailed inconsolably as his coffin arrived at Biju Patnaik airport in Bhubaneswar around 8.30 pm on Tuesday. The tearful brother Sandeep tried to console his mother while father Sudhakar made a vain attempt to fight back tears.Earlier in the day, family members said Seshadri was mugged around two weeks before he was murdered near his rented accommodation in Allston Street on April 19.\"Around six men robbed my brother off his suit and one of his female friends off her laptop two weeks before he was shot. Police there had registered a case after he reported the matter,\" said his brother Sandeep.Mother Bijaylaxmi said the US government should have taken steps for ensuring safety in the locality since he had already had a brush with outlaws. \"I plead to those having any clue about the murder to come forward and help police solve the case. This will help my son get justice and prevent such incidents from recurring,\" the bereaved mother said.The family, however, is puzzled if the mugging had anything to do with Seshadri's murder. \"We are not in a position to know if this incident had anything to do with the murder. But I am trying to say the area where my son was staying is very crime prone,\" said father Sudhakar. \"When he was shot at, his wallet was intact. That is why it is difficult to associate robbers with the crime. I still suspect people jealous of his achievements may be behind the murder,\" he added.Sandeep said his brother usually shared everything with him, but had not told him about the snatching incident. \"We got to know about the incident from his friends and verified with police that such a thing had indeed happened,\" he said.\"That night when I woke up, there were 30 missed calls in my mobile phone and two SMSes from a friend of my brother. The SMSes read he was no more. I could not believe it and called up my parents. My father had already got a mail from the Indian embassy in New York,\" Sandeep recalled.Seshadri's lease on his rented accommodation was to expire soon and he was looking for another house. Besides, he was planning to come home for a few days before going back for an internship in May. \"But fate has taken such a turn that we are receiving his body now,\" said a distraught Sandeep.Sandeep, a student of National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) in Bhubaneswar, has been selected for a summer internship in June in University of Cologne, Germany. He, however, has dropped the plan of going there after his brother's death in a foreign country. \"I am not going abroad, not now, nor ever in future,\" Sandeep said. \"We have already lost one of our sons. We are not fools to send our second son abroad,\" said the bereaved parents.Meanwhile, members of Orissa Society of the Americas have expressed profound grief over the death. \"We Odias in North America are devastated by this loss and we send our heartfelt condolences to the family of the deceased. Orissa Society of America, New England chapter and Indian Association of Greater Boston are organizing a candle light march in Seshadri's memory,\" said an OSNE press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860377", "title": "8 Congress Andhra MPs suspended from Lok Sabha for four days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight Congress MPs from Telangana were suspended from the Lok Sabha for four days for disrupting the House, marking in what marks the clearest-ever indication of the party's reluctance to accept the demand for a separate state.The government led the move to suspend the MPs after they continued to disrupt proceedings on the opening day, frustrating the ambition to make the most of the second leg of the Budget session to transact business and dispel the perception of governance stalemate.After the sloganeering Telangana MPs rushed to the well with placards in the morning defying the disapproval of a visibly upset Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal moved the motion in the afternoon session seeking a four-day suspension. The motion was approved unanimously even as the members continued to squat in the well, forcing closure of the House for the day.The MPs are Ponnam Prabhakar, Madhu Yaskhi, Sukender Reddy, Rajagopal Reddy, S Rajaiah, M Jagannath, Balram Naik and G Vivekananda. The Congress said the decision to suspend the MPs should not be seen as the party's stand on statehood. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"It is a sensitive issue which is under discussion.\" But observers and partymen saw the move as the Congress's attempt to signal its mind on the statehood issue which the party supported in December 2009 only to make a U-turn. go back just when the volatile region was flush with celebrations. Sources said the Congress may be seeking to obliquely appeal to the anti-Telangana constituency keeping in mind the upcoming by-elections to 18 assembly constituencies and a Lok Sabha seat in coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema.It was no coincidence that the Election Commission issued on Tuesday the notification scheduling the by-polls for June. on Tuesday.With agitations paralysing Telangana, Agitations have paralysed Telangana ever since while the Congress has been is battling for relevance, buffeted between TRS's challenge in the region and Jaganmohan Reddy's rising graph in coastal and Rayalaseema regions. of the state which was crucial for Congress's win in two successive Lok Sabha polls.The calculated display of boldness could, however, prove a risky gambit if it has a cascading effect on other MPs from Telangana and those in the state government.Sources said they could all be under pressure to follow the suspended MPs, raising fears of disruption by the Telangana faction in the state Kiran Reddy government.The desperate move could be linked to the Congress's post-YSR blues in Andhra Pradesh. A lack of strategy and poor leadership has threatened to turn its happy hunting ground of recent years into a risky terrain. Congress was wiped out in by-polls earlier too in the blowback to its volte face on statehood. At the same time, Jaganmohan's exit and launch of YSR Congress has snuffed the life out of the organization in coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema.Insiders blame poor selection of leaders like PCC chief, chief minister and deputy CM for the continuing vacuum in the state unit which is being filled by rebel Jaganmohan. They argue that Congress may have missed the opportunity to revive the organization because if TDP now shows signs of rejuvenation after a long lull, it would further shrink the space for Congress to improve.Congress denied suspension equaled to a decision on statehood. \"There is urgent business pending before the House and it was felt appropriate that certain action be initiated which, of course, is limited to suspension for four days so that our intent to ensure legislative business goes across in a very clear manner,\" spokesman Tewari said.He added that resolution of Telangana was a work in progress but Parliament was seized of other equally important issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860800", "title": "UP's accident rate exceeds South Asian average of 35", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 75% of trauma related deaths occur due to road accidents. A World Health Organisation report says, \"Road accidents in India result in more than one lakh deaths every year. There are two million hospitalisations, 7.7 million minor injuries and an estimated economic loss of Rs 55,000 crore or nearly 3% of GDP every year. If the present scenario continues, India will witness death of 1,50,000 persons and hospitalisation of 2.8 million people by 2010, increasing further to 1,85,000 deaths and 3.6 million hospitalizations by 2015.\"The rate of accidents (number of accidents per 1000 vehicles) in south Asia stands at around 35. In India and two of its worst affected states Maharashtra and UP, an increasing trend has been recorded. The figure has already touched 40 accidents per 1000 vehicles. The spiralling rate of increase in vehicles is bound to push the rate of accidents further up. However, in the developed countries, the rate is coming down. As of now, it stands at 15/1000 vehicles. Lack of medical attention had been attributed to 30% of deaths at the site and 80% of the remaining patients die within an hour of injury.The first 30 minutes are crucial to save the life of an accident victim most of whom suffer a head injury. \"Accidental deaths after head injury may usually be attributed to hypoxia (a condition in which the brain is deprived of oxygen) which could mean a slow death. This change is reversible in the first 30 minutes. Further delay tends to cause an irreversible damage to the brain. So many a times, victim survives in a vegetative or disabled state,\" explained Dr Raj Kumar, HoD neurosurgery, SPGIMS.According to medical experts, 173 persons die and close to 3,000 suffer moderate to severe injuries in India everyday in more than 4,000 accidents. It affects the most productive age of life (20-40 years) and adds immensely to person's burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860868", "title": "I will remainin Lucknow,says Uma", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reiterating that she would be staying in Lucknow, BJP leader Uma Bharti on Tuesday attacked the Congress for corruption and the Samajwadi Party for lack of governance.While taking to reporters after entering her official residence in Lucknow's Gomtinagar area, Bharti pointed out that arrest of Congress leader in the foodgrain showed that the party may be out of power in UP for the past 22 years but its leaders are indulging in corruption.She also drew attention towards the corruption in Delhi under Sheila Dixit. Several Union ministers of Congress may also land up in jail soon on charges of corruption, she added.Bharti said that the law and order situation during the SP rule has deteriorated. Rejecting SP leaders' excuse that their government was only a month-old and things would change gradually, she said \"Good governance should be visible from day one. One month by that logic is too long a time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12860997", "title": "Baroda Premier League to enthrall cricket buffs in city", "text": "VADODARA: Come May and cricket buffs from Gujarat will be able to see some of the best Ranji players from the state and Maharashtra in action.Days before curtains come down on the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL), Gujaratis will be served yet another T20 cricketing bonanza. In a first-of-its-kind tournament, dozens of Ranji and junior players will fight it out in the Baroda Premier League (BPL) that will take off on May 19 at the SRP Ground in Manjalpur. The BPL management has signed up players from Baroda Cricket Association, Gujarat Cricket Association and Mumbai Cricket Association ( MCA).Eight teams owned by private owners will participate in the tourney and a total of 120 players would be signed up. \"There is lot of talent in the district associations, but not all of them get opportunity to showcase their talent. We had been toying with the idea of organizing a T20 league on the lines of IPL for a year. This tournament will help players in putting their best foot forward,\" Viral Rao, head of the committee that is managing BPL, said.Rao, himself a former U-19 player and Ranji probable from the city, has joined hands with city-based entrepreneurs to organize the league that will end on May 27. The organizers have also selected icon players for every team. Baroda Ranji players like Jyot Chhaya, Aditya Waghmode, Murtuza Vahora, Rakesh Solanki, Jaikishan Kolsawala, Kedar Devdhar and Kamran Sheikh (junior) have been picked up as icon players.Several Ranji players like Sankalp Vora, Ajitesh Argal and Shailesh Solanki will take part in the tourney apart from Mumbai players like Rahil Sheikh, Praful Waghela and Dinesh Salunke . The organizers have tied up with a private cable television network for streaming live matches across the state. Also, huge LED screens will be installed at the venue for spectators. \"Every team will be allowed to have five Ranji players and one outstation player. If two teams require an individual player then we may go for auction,\" Prakash Palande, who is managing the event, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860575", "title": "Kerala State Poultry Development Corporation plans to increase poultry production", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Poultry Development Corporation (KEPCO) is planning to increase poultry production to meet the growing demand for dressed chicken in the district.More integration farms, in association with private broiler units, and new poultry farms under KEPCO are under active consideration. At present, KEPCO sells 2.25 tonnes of dressed chicken meat through its 11 outlets spread across the district. However, this comes to only around 3% of the total broiler consumption in the district.According to KEPCO marketing manager V Sukumaran Nair, the corporation is planning to increase its poultry production by setting up more poultry farms in Kozhikode and Ernakulam districts as well. Demand for chicken meat registers 40 to 45% growth across the state annually.The corporation has been facing a supply crunch due to soaring demand for dressed chicken. Since supply from its integration farms have almost dried up, the corporation has decided to purchase broiler from private broiler units.The corporation is planning to increase its poultry production by setting up more poultry farms in Kozhikode and Ernakulam districts as well. Demand for chicken meat registers 40 to 45% growth across the state annually", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860460", "title": "Dacoits thrash, loot train passengers in UP", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of passengers and train staff on board Sampark Kranti Express (Delhi-Bhubaneswar) were allegedly brutally beaten and looted by over a dozen dacoits near Kalwa railway station (between Ghaziabad and Aligarh) on Tuesday morning. At the time of the incident, the Bhubaneswar bound train was heading towards Kanpur.Reportedly, the dacoits armed with country-made pistols and knives attacked the passengers of the General coach while they were fast asleep. The dacoits were travelling as passengers in the General coach placed at fourth position from the train engine. The victims mostly belonged to Odisha who work in Delhi and were on their way home after making some money. However, the dacoits snatched away their cash and valuables.Importantly, for over an hour, the passengers faced the wrath of the dacoits but none of the RPF cops on escort in the train, came to their rescue.Later, Sandeep Mathur, chief public relations officer, North Central Railway, said that the passengers were shown the CCTV footage from Delhi station so that they could identify the dacoits, but in vain. This could have happened because the actual victims of the dacoity had already left for Bhubaneswar. \"We spoke to the passengers at Kanpur Central and none of them lodged a complaint with GRP in writing. So a case of dacoity needs to be registered by the actual victims when they get down either at Bhubaneshwar or some other destination,\" Mathur said.Meanwhile, the moment the train reached platform number seven of Kanpur Central railway station, the angry passengers got down and created a ruckus. The railway officials on coming to know about the incident came rushing in to pacify the agitated passengers. The passengers, on the other hand, were annoyed with the fact that while the robbers were attacking and looting them none of the cops of Railway Protection Force reached there to rescue them.Some of the passengers burst out in tears while narrating their horrifying experience. Fear was clearly visible on the faces of the passengers, many of whom avoided speaking to the railway officials. Some of the injured passengers showed their wounds to the cops. The passengers said that after looting them, the dacoits pulled the chain and got down from the train near Aligarh.The dacoits didn't spare even the TTEs. \"Cash, cellphones, and jewellery were looted at gunpoint. Those who resisted were thrashed. Even the women were beaten up and their earrings were snatched. The dacoits also asked us not to report the matter to police,\" claimed Prabuddh Das, one of the injured passengers.Das was among those passengers who had tried resisting the dacoits and in retaliation, they attacked him with a sharp-edged knife.Mukesh Sharma, another passenger, alleged that the dacoits were seated inside their coach and the moment the train crossed Ghaziabad, they attacked them. \"The train left Delhi at 6.00am and we had just crossed Ghaziabad when over a dozen armed assailants started robbing us. All those who tried stopping them were hit with iron rods and attacked with knives. They did not spare even the women passengers. It was a horrifying experience and I would never like to be reminded about it,\" said Mukesh who was badly beaten up.Mukesh also alleged that a few passengers had tried pulling the chain to stop the train, but they were taken on gun-point by the dacoits.Tehsin Hina, a resident of Delhi, who had come to Kanpur, along with her husband, Gufran, was witnessed bitterly crying at the platform. She was pacified by her relatives who had come there. The railway officials and cops tried pacifying the passengers, but a few of them entered into brawl with the railway officials and cops alleging that they do not act in time when such attacks take place.They went on to add that when the incident comes to an end, the cops come to pacify the victims which is of no use actually. Vipin Das, Haldar Sahu, Farhan Seth, Ramesh, Phool Rani and several other passengers narrated a similar tale of woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12860978", "title": "Pune-Satara road flyover work begins", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation finally started construction work on the four-lane flyover between Shankar Maharaj Math and Bharati Vidyapeeth on the Pune-Satara road on Tuesday.The new flyover when completed is expected to considerably reduce congestion on the busy stretch of road in Dhankawadi. But the immediate impact of the construction work will be on the bus rapid transit system (BRTS).The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd buses and also the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation buses will not be able to ply on the dedicated lanes on the stretch as much of the space will be taken up for erecting massive pillars for the new flyover.According to PMC officials, buses will not be able to ply in the BRTS lanes at least for the next eight months. After that, the lanes would be re-opened for bus traffic in a phased manner. As per plan, it will take at least 20 months to complete the entire work on the flyover. On Tuesday, barricades demarcating BRTS lanes were demolished near the Ahilyadevi chowk.A PMC official said, \"Steps are being taken to avoid congestion on both sides of the road. The existing PMPML bus stops in BRTS lanes are being shifted from their original places to the side of the road. In order to make more space available for the traffic on the busy road, the civic body has requested the traffic department to ban parking of vehicles on the stretch.\" The 1.3 km, four-lane flyover will take off from the Chavannagar arch and land a little before the Bharati Vidyapeeth.\"The Pune-Satara road has high density traffic and hence an urgent solution was needed to get rid of the daily traffic jams. The flyover will prove useful for those directly travelling to Katraj. It will reduce traffic congestion between Dhankawadi chowk and Bharati Vidyapeeth. The flyover will be constructed on single columns standing at the centre of the road. The structure will not occupy too much space and will not affect traffic on BRTS routes when completed,\" the official said.\"The administration is ensuring that minimum traffic disruptions take place during the flyover's construction. A proposal to construct a pedestrian subway near the Shankar Maharaj Math is being looked into,\" the official said.The total cost of the project is around Rs 59 crore. The construction work is planned in two phases. Space has been provided near the Shankar Maharaj Math for traffic police chowky. Besides, this PMC has deployed 10 wardens at the work site to assist traffic and local residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12867681", "title": "Aamir Khan to attend friend\u2019s wedding in Varanasi", "text": "It was a 2-hour stopover in Patna for Aamir Khan. But he won more hearts in those two hours than Shah Rukh Khan did on that seriously botched-up visit to promote Don 2 in Patna last December.Confirming his proximity to the grassroots Aamir swept in to Patna post-noon interacted with local people and left by late afternoon by road to attend his friend's wedding in Varanasi.Aamir was on the way to attend the wedding of a Varanasi autorickshaw driver Ram Lakhan's son. Ram Lakhan had travelled to Mumbai to personally invite Aamir.Says a member of his entourage, \"Aamir had never visited Patna. He took a flight from Mumbai to Patna, mingled with the locals for two hours and then left by car to reach his friend's son's wedding the same evening.\"In Patna he took time off to stop at a roadside dhaba to have the Bihari delicacy litti-chokha. The incredulous and ecstatic food vendor served Aamir a plate filled with 5 large littis. Aamir had two litti. He then requested the litti-wallah to let him take the remaining three littis to eat in the car.Aamir then sped away on the highway from Patna to Varanasi with the promise of returning to the Bihar capital in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861018", "title": "MBA student commits suicide in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: An MBA student was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her hostel room on Tuesday afternoon. Though no suicide note was recovered from her possession, sources said she was disturbed after she was caught allegedly cheating in the examination hall on Tuesday morning.According to the police, the victim, Bana Silva (21), hailed from Meghalaya and was studying in the first year of the MBA programme at Amity University Haryana.On Tuesday morning, the victim was allegedly caught cheating with the help of her mobile phone. She returned to her hostel room with a roommate after the examination supervisor snatched her answer sheet, said the police. The hostel is located near Pachgaon village in Manesar.While her roommate went for lunch in the afternoon, the victim decided to stay back alone in the room. When her roommate came back from lunch, she found Silva's body hanging from the ceiling fan. The college administration was informed which in turn called the police.\"She was probably in shock after the incident,\" the roommate told the police.\"It was an unfortunate incident. She took the extreme step although the authorities decided not to take any action against her following the cheating incident in the examination hall,\" said Major Gen (retd) B S Suhag, deputy vice-chancellor of Amity University Haryana. \"We informed the victim's family members soon after the incident. We will conduct the postmortem in their presence on Wednesday,\" said Omprakash, SHO, Manesar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12860148", "title": "Court issues non-bailable warrant against sub-inspectors", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge MA Abbasi issued non-bailable warrant against two sub-inspectors for non-compliance of the court order and asked the police authorities seniors to ensure their presence on next date of hearing.The ADJ issued NBW against sub-inspector Mahipal Singh for not appearing in the court to give evidence in a dowry death case. He is at present posted at Etawah. The court had asked the SP to ensure Mahipal's presence in the court on May 4.The ADJ issued NBW against S-I Anand Masih for not appearing in the court to give evidence in a NDPS Act case. The case is passing through prosecution evidence stage.The S-I, presently posted at Allahabad. was not appearing in the court since last couple of dates. The court had fixed next date for the hearing as May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866647", "title": "HC raps man for siphoning minor daughter\u2019s money", "text": "MUMBAI: A city businessman, who withdrew Rs 29,000 from his minor daughter's bank account, has earned the wrath of the Bombay high court.Vivek Kohli, who was named as a guardian of his daughter in the bank account, is fighting a legal battle with his estranged wife Sheela who has sought maintenance.\"Taking away such money in our view is nothing but a breach of trust,'' said a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta. According to Kohli's wife Sheela, her father had invested the money in the name of the couple's minor daughter in UTI Mutual Fund. Kohli was named as the guardian as the daughter was a minor. Sheela's lawyers claimed that when the mutual fund matured, Kohli withdrew the sum. Though Kohli claimed that he had eposited the money in his daughter's name in a bank account, it came to light that he had subsequently withdrawn the entire amount and closed the account.\"It is a shocking case, since the money was invested in the name of the minor daughter and the amount was withdrawn by the father,'' said the judges. The court rapped the bank for allowing Kohli to withdraw the entire amount. The judges were about to summon the bank officials, when Kohli told the court that he would deposit the money in the court.Kohli and Sheela were married for 10 years. The relationship soured and following an application by Sheela, the family court directed Kohli to pay Rs 10,000 as maintenance to Sheela and their daughter. Sheela approached the HC seeking enhancement of the maintenance. She said that her daughter's tuition fee and other educational expenses came to around Rs 10,000 every month.Sheela claimed that Kohli, who was a broker in the grain business, dealt mainly in cash and used to bring home over Rs 5 lakh every month. The high court took into consideration the cash dealings in Kohli's business (which he admitted). Despite his denials that he had sold a car given in dowry and pocketed the money, the court refused to believe him.\"(Kohli) is trying to resort to falsehood and the sum granted by the family court is required to be increased with the passage of time,'' said the judges, while ordering Kohli to shell out Rs 20,000 as monthly maintenance. The court warned him that if he failed to maintain the required amount in his bank for paying maintenance, Sheela was free to launch legal proceedings against him.(Names of the couple changed to protect their identity.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12859237", "title": "Three fugitives back in police net", "text": "TRICHY: The Karur police have taken into custody three people who had escaped a police net after abandoning their car containing lethal weapons on February 3. The Tata Sumo had created a lot of flutter on that day, as it was driven up and down in the vicinity of a railway bridge at Vengamedu in Karur. The local people complained to the Vengamedu police, who had initiated action.When inspector Sivaraman approached the car after cordoning it off, the three inhabitants of the car escaped. Though the police could not catch the three, they confiscated a lot of weapons from the car. , including two country pistols.The Nammakkal police on Monday arrested a suspect during a routine vehicle check-up. The suspect was none other than one of the three criminals who had escaped the clutches of the police after abandoning the car in Karur. His name was Durairaj, and he lived in MGR Nagar at Puthur in Trichy. Further investigation revealed that Durairaj, a murder accused, had gone to Karur to visit the sister of his friend Kannan who hails from Jeeva Nagar in Trichy. Kannan, and his friend Mohandas, both with cases against them, tonsured their heads to conceal their identity and did odd jobs in Chennai, while Durairaj remained underground to escape, said the police.After arresting Durairaj in Namakkal, it was found that he had been involved in multiple murder cases, and the information he gave led to the arrest of Kannan and Mohandas. both of whom were remanded to judicial custody and lodged in Trichy central prison. Durairaj was taken to the Madurai jail since the police suspected he would face trouble from his sworn enemies, who are already serving time in the Trichy prison. Police said the three were highway robbers who would at times pilfer petrol and even involve themselves in petty crime when the going was not good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12863660", "title": "No change in visa policy for Indian students: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has said that there is no change in its policy towards issuing visas to Indian students.\"I don't think we've changed our policy with regard to the way we interview applicants,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.\"I think what we are doing is making sure that the sponsoring organisations truly are what they say they are in the United States; that if they say that they are bringing students over to educate them, that they intend to educate them, not put them to work, et cetera,\" she said.Nuland said the US supports the recent initiative of opening community colleges in India on the pattern of those here.Last week, education ministers of four States - Punjab, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir, visited several US cities to have a first hand experience of the community colleges here.\"Well, obviously, we support this initiative. We have been working with the Indian side to flesh out the initiative that was agreed between the President and the prime minister through our Education Bureau here. And obviously, we are responsible for the visa issuance for the various folks studying in the United States,\" Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863852", "title": "Subhasish Mukherjee returns to stage after 28 years", "text": "Subhasish Mukherjee will return to stage after 28 years in Ishita Mukhopadhyay's play - an adaptation of six famous works by Rabindranath Tagore. Ishita, who also happens to be Subhasish's wife, has scripted and will direct the play.Says Subhasish, \"I started out doing plays when I was in Class IV and joined group theatre in Class VI. I did my last play for Ishita's group, Ushneek, 28 years ago. An adaptation of Brecht's \"The Room\", the Bengali play was called \"Ghar\". Cinema, serials and jatra kept me so busy all these years that I knew I wasn't able to remain loyal to stage so stayed away from it.\"His comeback play is called \" Khela Bhangar Khela\" and will see the actor playing Ela from \"Char Adhyay\" and Joysingha from \"Bisorjon\" (a role he had played 30 years back on stage). Says Ishita, \"Tagore was defining an ideology in some of his works and not really probing into the character's psyche. Gender is immaterial in these cases. Ela and Atin are characters beyond gender. While Subhasish plays Ela, I get under the skin of Atin.\"What about comparisons with Paoli Dam whose \"Elar Char Adhyay\" will release soon? \"Both these works have been conceived from completely different points of view and I see no clash. Subhasish will be wearing Atin's costumes and I'll be wearing Ela's. I have not edited Tagore's dialogues and have not included any section where the characters are addressed by their names,\" says Ishita.Ishita is all set to show role reversals in the sections on \"Ghare Baire\", \"Daakghar\" and \"Sesher Kobita\" too. \"We have also kept a piece from \"Jogajog\" where no such thing will happen. This has been done to prove that not all Tagore pieces are open to role reversals.\"Come April 28 and the group will stage their first show. It isn't an easy task to return to stage after so many years. But, as Subhasish says, \"Over the years, I've realized that acting can also get blunt and doing this play is my way of honing my skills once again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866472", "title": "Poonam Pandey: My film is a sensuous drama not erotic", "text": "Poonam Pandey, the strip sensation, who has always been in the news for her sensuous image has reportedly bagged 2003's erotic thriller JISM's director Amit Saxena's next venture.The starlet has finally signed her first Bollywood film however wishes to clarify the rumour about her film being titled as I AM 18. She tweeted on the social networking site, \"No that's not the name of my film.\"Poonam says that she finished reading 100 pages of her film script in just four hours. \"#Fact Just read my 100 pages of film Script in just 4 hrs.. Wondering why i use to take almost a year to complete School/College books,\" she tweeted.Then what is her film all about? \"My film is not just a Skin Show nor a Erotic film its a sensuous drama, coming of a age film.. which Indian Audience have never Experienced,\" Pandey further tweeted.While the film stars Poonam Pandey as the female lead, the male protagonist is still being kept under wraps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12860602", "title": "Ensure police protection for re-opening plant, says mayor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation on Tuesday forwarded a letter to home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan demanding police protection for the re-opening of garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala. In a detailed letter, the corporation has reminded the government of Supreme Court upholding the high court order to resume operations at garbage factory.\"A week has passed since the Supreme Court confirmed the high court directive to open the factory. The government is least interested in complying with the court directive. Instead they are looking for impractical alternatives,\" mayor K Chandrika told TOI.The corporation is planning to file a contempt of court against the top brass of police if the government persists with its inaction. \"We will wait for one more week. If the government continues to be silent on the reopening of the plant, the corporation will file a contempt petition at the high court against DGP,\" Chandrika said.Meanwhile, the financial bids of four companies who have been shortlisted for supplying mobile incinerators for the city were opened on Tuesday. A SIDCO official said that a final decision regarding the bids could be revealed only by the end of this week. \"We need to do certain calculations as per the price quoted by each company with regard to the capacity of their models. It would require another week before a company can be finalized,\" the official said. Another official of the technical committee appointed to evaluate the feasibility of incinerators said that the procedures for the selection of company would be stepped up.\"We are trying to avoid any possible delay. However we came across certain variations in the price bid and the capacity of the models they had already presented. The differences will be sorted out soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "husband booked for cheating", "code": "12868073", "title": "Husband booked for cheating", "text": "Husband booked for cheating: A woman has lodged an FIR against her estranged husband for cheating her on Tuesday. The case was registered following the complaint of Manju Sharma of Sector 23. Police said Rajiv Mehta had advertised in a newspaper looking for a bride but he didn't disclose the fact that he was a divorcee. The fact only came to light a few months after the wedding. A case was registered at police station sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866421", "title": "Get ready for 'folk rock' this Thursday", "text": "If you are looking for a slightly different form of rock, then The Courtyard at High Street Phoenix, is the place to be this Thursday evening.A fresh-on-the-scene Mumbai band, Spud in the Box is a folk-rock act founded by Ankit Dayal and Rohan Rajadhyaksha, around March 2011. The duo started small by playing early sets at Blue Frog, but soon saw the need to expand the sound; so enter drummer Vivaan Kapoor, bassist Zubin Bathena and guitarist Hartej Sawhney.So far, the band has performed at the Revival of the Bandstand festival on two occasions, at Blue Frog alongside Ankur Tewari and The Ghalat Family, jamming with the star along with Shefali and Joe Alvares, Sanjay Divecha, Tublue and Claver &amp; Highspirits in Pune. The band featured in the fifth season of Live from the Console at Mehboob Studios, Celebrate Bandra Festival and open for Junkyard Groove at Bluefrog and they recently performed at M.A.D Festival in Ooty.As far as sound goes, the band does not wish to be limited to any genre, freely experimenting with jazz, blues, pop, folk, rock, hip-hop, classical (Western and Indian); while covering artists from any and every field of music. Developing a unique sound is the law of the land as far as Spud in the Box is concerned. Spud in the Box features Rohan Rajadhyaksha on Vocals and Keys, Ankit Dayal on Vocals and Acoustic Guitar, Vivaan Kapoor on Drums, Zubin Bathena on Bass, Hartej Sawney &amp; Siddharth Talwar on Guitars.'Thursday Jam-ups' is a High Street Phoenix initiative to entertain its visitors with live music; it definitely promises to be a musical roller-coaster for all its plethora of enthusiastic audiences. The high-end mall aims at making Thursday Jam-ups a platform for budding musical talents and catapulting them to the conscious of the patrons of the popular destination centre.So don't hesitate to walk in to High Street Phoenix on the 26th April, the hub of Music and Entertainment this Thursday, to blow off some steam before the week's completely over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864683", "title": "DGP inaugurates canteen for police in Naroda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police personnel will be able to get their day-to-day requirements at 30 to 35 per cent discount now on as the state police have started five stores in major cities on Tuesday.They have also started work to establish one canteen in every district police headquarters. With the move, Gujarat has become the first state in the country to have police canteen facility on the lines of CSD canteen for military and paramilitary forces.\"The central canteen at New Delhi had shown desire to help the police personnel after military and para-military forces to provide goods at factory rates. We immediately started collaboration and within two months, we are ready with five canteens in the state today. Four major cities will have the depots whereas districts will have canteens. Here the retired and in-service personnel will be able to get goods at 75 per cent market price,\" said Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police.The state police have been given Rs 5 crore grant by state government to establish the canteens and network that will benefit 1 lakh police personnel in the state. Singh added that smart cards will be issued to the personnel for use of the canteen to prevent its misuse. \"The system will be in place soon so that the goods don't make way to the open market. At the moment, we have chosen 3,000 items from the central canteen that will be increased on the basis of demand,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860755", "title": "Trapped in money-lenders' vicious net, hit by trauma", "text": "LUCKNOW: A woman in Varanasi is stalked by two to three persons on daily basis whenever she leaves her office for the school where she is a principal and later in the day when she returns home. With goon-like looks, these men don't utter a word but follow the woman from her home to school and back home on a regular basis.A class III government employee in Lucknow's Rajajipuram area has discontinued the education of his ward fearing that he will be kidnapped by miscreants.Another person has been forced to surrender his ATM and debit card before the miscreants, who forcefully have been operating his account once the person receives his salary.This is how people in the city in particular and state in general have been living a traumatised life since the day they committed a mistake of borrowing money from the money-lenders.The problem, it seems, has taken a shape of menace.While some have lost everything they once used to own, some others are on the verge of losing everything. A visit to Alambagh, Hazratganj and areas like Aminabad give an insight of the trauma, which had come to stay with those who have fallen prey to money-lenders like Waalia brothers and score others.Through a rough estimate, turnover of money-lending in these three areas was expected to be over at least Rs 2 crore.Later, talking to TOI, DIG Ashutosh Pandey confirmed that reports of money lenders from Alambagh and Halwasiya market area has also reached him and also agreed that turnover of this illegal trade must have easily crossed crore mark.The police had arrested one of the Waalia brothers identified as Sonu Waalia, a resident of Alambagh, his brother Jugnu Waalia, a history sheeter, is still absconding.Both Jugnu and Sonu had lent Rs 2 lakh and Rs 70,000 respectively to Deepak Sharma, a resident of Sharma Tea Stall, Lalbagh, about four years back. From then till now, Deepak claimed to have repaid Rs 11 lakh and Rs 8 lakh respectively against the borrowed amount and yet Waalia brothers claimed that the principal amount was still to be paid back by Sharma. However, on the complaint of Sharma, the police arrested Sonu Waalia on Thursday.Like Sharma, others mentioned above have also borrowed money from money-lenders who readily give the money with all the ease and minus paper work and uncertainty which was a must in case the same was borrowed as loan from the banks.In Alambagh alone, TOI found around 10 shopkeepers who have got trapped so deep in the menace that they are now on the verge of losing their shops through which they have been running their business.One of them told TOI, it has been five years since he first borrowed a meagre amount of Rs 50,000 from a money lender. However, since then he has paid around Rs 5 lakh and was still short of repaying the whole amount as per the money lender. He refused to identify himself.Another shopkeeper in Chandernagar market also narrated a similar tale of woes but refused to identify himself out of fear of repercussion from the money-lender who is an influential person. He also told TOI that several persons he knows have fled from the city as they have not been able to pay back the money taken from these money lenders.Similar experiences were shared by traders in Hazratganj's Halwasiya market and Aminabad area.Urging the people to come out and complain about such money-lenders who have been recovering the amount on exorbitant interest rate reaching at times to 400 per cent annually, the DIG said such money-lending was illegal and should be stopped. Efforts were on to identify money-lenders in the state capital before noose is tightened around them, Pandey further told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12860787", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya gold sales dip by 20-25% in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Jewellery stores in the city were flooded with people till late in the evening, who were out to buy the precious yellow metal in different forms. However, unlike last year, the gold sale dropped by nearly 25% this year. The yellow metal though was sold at the shops till late evening, jewellers confirmed that the sale did not go up this year.Confirming that sale of gold did not go up, president, UP Sarafa Association, Adeesh Jain said, \"The increase in gold prices is a major reason for the dip. But considering the increase in price, the sale has been satisfactory.\" He informed that last year, when the gold price stood at 22,390 per 10 grams, 65 kg of gold was sold. \"However, with an increase of Rs 6,900 per 10 grams, it seems that people bought less gold. Only 50 kg of gold was sold till last reports came in. This accounts to nearly 17.8 crore,\" said Jain.\"Since the sale goes till late in the night, we are expecting the figure to cross 55 kg,\" added Adeesh. Last year, the gold sale on Akshaya Tritiya was 65 kg. In 2010, the figure was 50 kg, while in 2009, the sale was 70 kg.Highlighting the importance of the day, a city-based jeweller said, \"It is believed that buying of precious metals on this day will remain forever. Gold and diamond are perhaps the best investment one makes on Akshaya Tritiya.\" An important day in the Hindu calendar, Akshaya Tritiya saw sale of latest varieties of gold pendants, sets and earnings. Out of total sales of jewellery this year, 70% was gold while 30% was diamond. Busy buying gold set for herself, Priyanka Dutta said, \"As the marriage season is approaching, this is the best time to purchase jewellery and on this day.\"Endorsing her views, Shubhangi Shukla, a working professional said, \"Last year, I bought a gold set on Akshaya Tritiya for my sister and she got married in the same year. Therefore, the day is auspicious for me and I make sure that I buy something on this day.\"Meanwhile, at the shops, separate counters for gold coins, necklaces, silver utensils and even the cash counters were set up. \"We knew the shop would be crowded the entire day. So, we decided to make it easy for our customers,\" said a prominent jeweller in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12861135", "title": "State lokayukta demands more teeth to fight against corruption", "text": "GURGAON: Pushing the demand for more power to the Lokayuktas, the Haryana Lokayukta feels that the authority should have the authority to prosecute officers who fail to comply with its order, as it happens in the case of court orders. The Lokayukta, Justice Pritampal, said this provision should be on the lines of \"contempt of court\".Justice Pritampal, who was in Gurgaon on Tuesday for a book release function, said that all public servants - government officers and elected representatives, including former and present chief ministers - come under the ambit of Haryana Lokayukta Act.He said that the state government had enacted the Act in 2004 to curb corruption in government offices. The Lokayukta said that though the Act made by Haryana was powerful in itself, he has suggested some amendments to the state government to make it more effective.Justice Pritampal said that he has given a proposal to empower the Lokayukta to take suo motu action on the reports of corruption published in newspapers or anonymous complaints. At present, the Lokayukta can conduct raids and search the house of the officer against whom the complaint of acquiring property disproportionate to his known sources of income has been filed. But he cannot take action against the official.He said that he has demanded powers similar to that of contempt of court. This will mean any officer not obeying the directive of the Lokayukta could be prosecuted. The justice said that when cheating/ non-compliance by an officer is proved beyond doubt and a criminal case needs to be filed for his prosecution, Lokayukta's recommendation should be considered to be sanction. He said that no separate sanction needs to be taken from the government for his prosecution. Sources said that though at present the Lokayuktas in states have power to pass orders against the non-complying officials, they can't pass orders to send the accused behind bars as it happens in the case of legal courts. \"Lokayuktas need to have more powers. But these authorities must also protect their neutral image,\" said a state government official.However, clarifying the popular perception earlier in the day, Justice Pritampal said that the institution of Lokayukta is not under the government but is an independent body.He said that anybody can file a complaint against the officer if malafide intentions are seen in administrative orders or the orders are unfair and discriminatory. The complaint should be accompanied with an affidavit from the public notary stating what has been stated is true and correct to best of his knowledge and belief. The complainant has to submit a fee of Rs 1,000. For those who can't afford, the fee can be exempted.In recent months Lokayuktas from different states have come down heavily on the incumbent chief ministers and their Cabinet colleagues for corruption, irregularities and for showing favouritism to certain people and companies. Justice Pritampal's demand for greater empowerment of Lokayuktas is likely to get support from his counterparts in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12865432", "title": "Girl falls into deep hole on sidewalk in China", "text": "NEW DELHI: In northern China, a schoolgirl fell into a six-metre deep hole on a weak section of a pavement. The hole was not visible.A taxi driver who was passing by, saw the incident and brought a ladder to rescue the girl.The girl managed to climb out safely and suffered no major injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12868036", "title": "Wide roads to lead to Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To tackle growing inter-state traffic, which is leading to bottlenecks at several places in the city, the UT administration and Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) have jointly decided to extend Dakshin Marg and Vikas Marg into Mohali to ensure smooth flow of traffic.The connecting roads in Mohali will be widened to accommodate the growing number of vehicles coming from Chandigarh. As per a recent survey, more than four lakh vehicles enter Chandigarh from Mohali and Panchkula daily.A plan prepared by GMADA was placed on record at the 60th meeting of the master plan committee held recently. It said, \"Wide roads have been proposed which will link with Dakshin Marg and Vikas Marg if extended.\"This followed UT taking up the issue of extension of the main roads of Chandigarh, including Shanti Path into Mohali in November, 2011, for reducing pressure on other arteries of the city.Vikas Marg passes through intersection of sectors 34/35 and enters Mohali parallel to Dakshin Marg along sectors 38 and 39.\"Traffic pressure on this road has been increasing after high density sectors with flats coming up in southern sectors like sectors 47, 48, 49 and 50 and people avoiding the busy road that passes in front of inter-state bus terminus, Sector 43. There was a time when the road was taken less and there was no congestion,\" said a UT engineering department official.On the other hand, Dakshin Marg passes through the heart of the city and reaches Mullanpur in Mohali to connect to Kurali-Chandigarh Road. It takes the traffic load from sectors 24/37 in Chandigarh. At the other end, the Dakshin Marg handles thousands of Zirakpur-bound vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12860359", "title": "Team sent to probe eve-teasing complaints against college teacher", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Students Union (JSU) members stopped classes and demonstrated on Doranda College premises on Tuesday demanding the removal of a teacher accusing him of eve-teasing and passing indecent comments on girls, prompting Ranchi University vice-chancellor LN Bhagat to send a two-member team to the institution to investigate the matter.JSU president S Ali said, \"We are demanding removal of the professor. The college administration should file an FIR against him. It is because of this professor that girls do not feel safe in college and are reluctant to take admission here. If he is not removed immediately, we will lock the gates of the college indefinitely.\"The matter came to light when Anita (name changed), a student of the college, complained to the college authorities on Saturday about political science professor S K Jha and said he called her up on her mobile at odd time of the day and made indecent remarks.After the girl made her problems known, principal V K Jha admitted that he had been getting similar complaints regarding Jha's behaviour and mode of dressing. \"He wears loose pants that keep sliding all the time and at times are torn at inappropriate places. I have also received complaints from the female staff and students of the college that he takes their phone numbers and calls them. The girls have even stopped attending his classes but we cannot take any action against him. The matter is in the hands of Ranchi University,\" he said.The female faculty at the college also said they felt uncomfortable around Jha. Dr Zeba, a professor of psychology, said, \"It is really awkward to sit with him in the same room. He keeps staring and sits in a very indecent posture. He even asks for our phone numbers and at times talks really indecently. If as teachers we feel uneasy, then obviously the students will be feeling very unsafe,\" she said.Jha, however, denied all charges against him and said it was a conspiracy of the college administration to remove him. He said, \"If I am at fault then why has the college never issued a showcause notice or filed an FIR against me at any police station? This is all a conspiracy of the administration to remove me because I am better than any of them.\"\"I will go to the court and sue the college administration for defaming me,\" added Jha.Meanwhile, the vice-chancellor said, \"The committee members said they need some more time to investigate into the matter. I will get the report by tomorrow (Wednesday) and then take necessary action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12859506", "title": "Unemployed engineer commits suicide on Bhopal express", "text": "BHOPAL: A 28-year-old unemployed engineer allegedly committed suicide in Shaan-e-Bhopal express while on the way to Bhopal from Delhi. His body was found from the S-8 compartment of the train by the house keeping staff.Police have also recovered celphos pills and a suicide note from the deceased.Police said the body was found by the staff who boarded the train to clean it after it reached the yard at Habibganj railway station. They immediately reported the matter to the GRP.The deceased has been identified as Saurabh Jain, resident of Sonagiri in BHEL Township. He was an engineer and was looking for a job and had gone to Delhi in connection with an interview.Police said that after going through the suicide note, it appeared that the deceased was disturbed due to professional and personal problems. The police are also trying to get in touch with the passengers who had travelled with him on the nearby berths of the S-8 coach. Also the family persons are being quizzed, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12864786", "title": "Xperia users get Ice Cream Sandwich, others waiting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian users of Xperia Arc S, Xperia Neo V and Xperia Ray are in for some treat. Sony, which looks after the Xperia range of phones after buying the stake owned by Ericsson, has released Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) update for the three Android phones.At the same time, most Android users in India continue to wait for ICS update for their phones. When Google announced ICS in November, Sony was the first company to come out with a clear update plan for its high and mid-range Xperia phones. While HTC, Samsung, Motorola and several phone makers had made similar announcements, their devices in India are yet to get ICS update.Ice Cream sandwich is the latest version of Android and offers significant improvement over Gingerbread ( Android 2.3) in terms of user experience. It has improved multitasking, better performance due to hardware acceleration, a revamped user interface, and several other important features.Oddly, Sony is yet to release ICS update for Xperia S, its flagship device which was launched just weeks ago in India. \"I am using Xperia S. It is sad to see most 2011 Xperia devices get ICS but not the Xperia S,\" says Sajin Seethe, a blogger.The Android updates, which are rolled out by Google and bring better features and performance to devices, are a bone of contention between users and phone manufacturers. Users want access to the updates as soon as possible but companies like Samsung and HTC say technically it is not possible. Most manufacturers sell Android phones with their own customized user interface. When Google rolls out the updates, manufacturers customize them before users get the new software. This delays the process.ICS was rolled out by Google in November last year. But even after six months, apart from Nexus phones that are directly supported by Google, only a handful of devices in India have received updates. In comparison, Apple, which sells iPhone , has a stellar record in supporting its older devices and pushing out timely updates.Manufactures also say they cannot support all Android devices with updates. This means only the high-end devices are provided updates. In some case the limitations are due to older technology but in most cases the decision to drop the support for a device is taken due to business aspect. Manufactures like to sell new OS with a new device instead of updating the old devices for free.A few months earlier Samsung was widely criticized when it announced that Galaxy S, one of its best-selling smartphones, would not receive an update to ICS. A few weeks after that there were reports that the device would receive a Value Pack with ICS like features update but so far it is yet to materialize.In fact, despite being one of the top smartphone vendors in the world and a market leader in India, Samsung is yet to officially roll out ICS updates for Galaxy S II and Galaxy Note, two of its flagship Android devices. In some countries Galaxy S2 and Note users have received ICS updates in the last few weeks and there are reports that the update in India would be available in the coming weeks.Android users are not happy about the delay. Raju PP, who blogs at techpp.com, owns both Galaxy S2 and Note. \"I feel like a fool especially after Samsung announced ICS months back for S2 and made me stare at the software update option every day since then,\" he says.Bhuvaneshwari Joshi, who owns Galaxy S2, is in the same boat. \"I agree with Raju PP. Every day, I too check the device at least once for the update. I guess by the time the update comes I'd have a new smartphone,\" she says.Some users like Kunal Gangar, a blogger who co-founded www.sammyhub.com, have upgraded their phones themselves. \"I have Galaxy S2. Given the delay in ICS update on non-Nexus phones, I would rather flash the new OS myself,\" he says.While it is quite easy for tech-savvy users to root an Android phone and update it using software available on websites like XDA-developers.com, for most mainstream users that is not a viable option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12867514", "title": "20 students injured in Sonai boat mishap", "text": "SILCHAR: A small country-made boat in which a number of pupils were crossing the Sonai river at Dungripar village in Cachar district capsized on Tuesday morning. At least 20 students were injured in the incident and five of them are said to be critical. After the incident, irate locals ransacked the office of the Inland Water Transport (IWT) and circle officer at Sonai, 15km from here.Sources said the students of Dungripar village were on their way to school when the accident took place at around 9am and the boat run by IWT was filled beyond capacity. Although most students managed to swim to the riverbank, at least 15 of them sustained injuries and were rushed to the Sonai civil hospital.The critically injured students have been identified as Naznin Akhtar, Kamali Das, Rimpa Das, Hena Das and Jalil Uddin of Sonai MV School. Sources said doctors have referred Naznin to SMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866333", "title": "Maharashtra mulls relief for rape victims", "text": "MUMBAI: To soothe the frayed nerves of rape victims, the state government is planning a scheme to compensate them and also provide them with counselling to overcome mental trauma. Besides monetary support that aims to provide aid to residential, medical and legal needs of the victim, the government also plans to hold training camps to educate and also conduct skill-related workshops for their rehabilitation.Under the scheme, a rape victim would be eligible for compensation of Rs 2 lakh and in rarest of rare case, it can be increased to Rs 3 lakh, a state government official said.The proposal has been made by women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad and has already received the sanction of finance and planning departments. It may soon be placed before the cabinet and if given the nod, will be introduced from May.As per the proposal, a victim will be eligible for compensation after an FIR has been lodged and will receive Rs 20,000 within 15 days of making an application along with a copy of the FIR. A committee will monitor the fund release and once the application is made, may if it feels the need record the investigating officer's version. The second installment of Rs 50,000 would then be given to the victim towards covering medical and legal aid. The final installment of Rs 1.3 lakh (Rs 2.3 lakh in rarest of rare cases) will subsequently be given.The scheme is based on the Centre's model that was framed on the Supreme Court directive. While the Centre's has named it 'Rape Victims Financial and Support Services', the state plans to call it 'Financial Assistance and Support Services to Victims of Violent Crime'.FOR COMPENSATION Victim must apply within 60 days of registering a first information report Application has to be given in person or by a victim's representative In case of minors, mentally challenged victims, guardians to apply In the event of death of a victim, her legal heir can apply for compensation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859990", "title": "4 teens haul 12-year-old out of class and stab him", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four teenagers dragged a 12-year-old out of his classroom in Sahibabad on Monday and stabbed him for trying to rescue his classmate from being molested. In another incident, a minor killed his friend, Sukhbir, whom he suspected of using black magic against him.The 12-year-old, Adil, who studies in a junior school within Poorva Inter-College, escaped with injuries. He said the attack followed a face-off a few days ago when the four accused tried to molest his classmate.When Adil intervened, the four left, threatening to teach him a lesson. On Monday, they assaulted him.Although the police were handed the pen knife that the accused were carrying, cops denied that Adil was dragged out of the campus and stabbed. They said he was standing outside when a scuffle took place. None of the accused have been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12860987", "title": "Court seeks response from power regulator by July 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday sought a response from the capital's power regulator DERC on a plea of a discom challenging the commission's formula for fixing multi-year tariff for power consumption.Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (TPDDL), formerly known as North Delhi Power Limited, had approached a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw with its petition, which issued notice to DERC and sought response by July 30.In its plea, the discom argued DERC's 2011 regulations saying the provisions setting methodology for determination of retail tariff is contrary to the Delhi Electricity Act, the parent statute. Seeking quashing of the regulation, the discom said it is contrary to the existing statute and also the national tariff policy. In its petition, the TPDDL has challenged DERC, in which electricity regulator has set out principles and methodology for determination of multi-year tariff for wheeling and retail supply.The discom has also alleged that said regulation is unfair and contrary to the principles for determination of tariff as provided under the Act and the National Tariff Policy. The discom, in its petition, has said that the regulation is unreasonable as there is no relation with the objects and the purposes of the parent Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12859891", "title": "Russell Market traders ready to bear their cross", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Russell Market reopened for business, traders are looking forward to the good old days. Russell Market Traders' Association president Naseer Ahmed is not very concerned that the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has washed its hands of the market, and is refusing to certify the structure's safety. He also rubbished outgoing deputy mayor N Harish's ideas of converting it into a mall.Q With BBMP out of the picture, what next? How will you ensure the building is safe?A We had roped in government licensed contractors to rebuild the burnt shops and renovate the market. They created partitions for many shops to avert the spread of fire. Bescom changed the electrical wiring for the entire market and we spent Rs 4 lakh for the electrical renovation. These authorities have given us fitness certificates. Despite this, if there is any accident, we will take the blame and not blame BBMP. It is a heritage structure and BBMP should value it and not raze it, as the deputy mayor suggested some time ago.Q Is it an ego issue between you and the BBMP which resulted in the controversy? What is the solution to this?A Yes, they have ego issues with us. We had no authority to renovate their property. But when we took pains to repair and renovate the market, why should they be angry with us and decide overnight that the building is no longer safe and the no-objection certificate should not be given? We did not burden the cash-strapped BBMP to spend on the market. Ideally, they should support us for our initiative.Q Do you think the CM is behind you? If so, why didn't a single government official turn up for the inauguration?A The chief minister took a rather bold stand in calling up BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda right in front of us when we went to meet him last Friday. He told the commissioner to sit with him and us (traders) after three months and discuss feasible ideas. He has been very supportive, and the local MLA and corporators have extended a lot of help. The MLA has been mobilizing workers to clear space around the market for parking.Q Were you involved in talks with the BBMP on converting it into a mall?It was outgoing deputy mayor Harish's idea of razing the heritage building and constructing a shopping complex, which is impossible. They cannot have underground parking facility because they will hit water three feet below the surface. There is an SC order too, that heritage markets should be kept intact. If they have parking facility, and charge around Rs25, who will come and buy vegetables? We will lose our livelihood. There are 478 shop owners and the market employs about 3,000 people; nearly 15,000 people will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12861138", "title": "'State to spend 600 crore on surveillance' set aside for CCTV cameras in the State, says Bhujbal", "text": "NASHIK: The state government has set aside Rs 600 crore to install close circuit television cameras at strategic locations in different parts of the stateagainst the backdrop of rising threat from terrorists and other law and order issues, informed state PWD minister and district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal . He was speaking as the chief guest at the 105th passing out parade of the Maharashtra Police Academy on Tuesday.As many as 270 trainees for the post of police sub inspectors, who underwent a nine-month training programme at the academyMaharashtra Police Academy, passed out as police sub inspectors on Tuesday. All the trainees of this batch were departmental employees of the police force, who had cleared the cracked the state service examination of 2008.Among the 270 cadets, Vijay Shankar Chavan of Sangli, who has been working with the Mumbai police since 2004, won the Sword of Honour for ofbeing the best trainee in the batch. of the batch. He also won the Dr B R Ambedkar award Cup for Best Cadet in Law. Fourteen other prizes were given in different categories. Friends and relatives of the cadets had turned out in large numbers on the occasion.As chief guest, Bhujbal, who was present at the ceremony as the chief guest drew the attention of the new officers towards the rising rate of white collar crime, the falling conviction rate and financial schemes in which people were being duped of crores of rupees every year.\"The people of the state lost around Rs 7,000 crore last year in fake financial schemes. People are getting killed due to drunk driving. Incidents of persons impersonating as policemen and looting people too are on the rise. Thus while discharging your duties as an officer, you will have to keep a close tab on different criminal activities and perform to your best such that it not only will not only enhances not only your image as a police official, but also that of your force and the country,\" said Bhujbal said.The guardian minister also had a word of praise for the century old Maharashtra Police Academy on Trimbak Road that has trained a large number of police officials, who at present are serving the Mumbai police. The latter has gained the reputation of being the best police force.Taking into account the threat of terrorist activities looming large on the nation and the state, Bhujbal said a in addition to the provision of Rs 600 crore has been made to install close circuit television cameras in different parts of the state, he further said that there were 2.5 lakh temples in Maharashtra and deploying police personnel at every temple would never be possible. Therefore the Hence police will have to make optimum use of the resources available including making good use of good use modern technology to keep criminals at bay.The minister reiterated that While saying that while the police had a tough challenge before them to constantly stay be on their toes and keep the criminal rate in control, especially due to media awareness, he said that during the last five years, about 55,000 new police personnel were recruited, and this that would help in maintaining law and order.Chavan, who won the Sword of Honour, while talking to media persons said that his focus would be to crack the Maharashtra Public Service Commission examination for the post of deputy superintendent of police.Serving as a constable with the Mumbai police since 2004, Chavan, who is a native of Sangli said that he would always remain in the police force as it gave him gives immense joy to work on in working in different cases and be of help to the society in the truest sense of the term. a true sense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12860361", "title": "Ex-Dhanbad MP threatens to disrupt road, rail links to Bokaro Steel Plant", "text": "BOKARO: Senior Congress leader and former MP from Dhanbad, Chandrashekhar Dubey, on Tuesday announced blockade of road and rail communication to the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) will be on June 11, supporting the demand for jobs for displaced persons from the BSL management.\"The blockade will be a token one. If the management does not fulfill their demands even after that, we would later hold blockade for three continuous days, and then go on for an indefinite period. Various displaced groups have announced their support to us,\" he said.Dubey added that as per the report received by them from Displaced Person Land Reforms (DPLR) office, there are 24,000 displaced persons in the area. Of them, 16,000 have been provided jobs by BSL.They are demanding that BSL recruit 8000 remaining displaced persons in bulk. He also demanded extension of the age limit of dependent candidates from 28 years to 45 years.\"BSL is facing dearth of manpower these days, and the company is getting its job done by hiring contract workers. Providing job to displaced persons would solve the company's manpower problem, and benefit displaced people, too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12867711", "title": "NSCN-IM returns weapons seized from AR", "text": "DIMAPUR: After four days of deadlock between Assam Rifles and NSCN (IM), the militant outfit on Tuesday released the weapons seized from the security forces in presence of Ceasefire Monitoring Group (CFMG) officials, district administration and police at Monglamukh community hall near the Hebron designated camp. On April 19, NSCN (IM) had detained five Assam Rifles personnel and seized their weapons after they had ventured too close to the camp. Assam Rifles had responded by blocking all entry and exit points from all designated camps of NSCN (IM).On Monday, CFMG chairman Maj Gen (Retd), N George had assured NSCN (IM) officials of withdrawing the troops after he gets a clearance from director general of military operations in New Delhi. He had also requested the militants to return the seized weapons. The rebels, on the other hand, had been demanding their weapons which were seized by the Assam Rifles personnel from the NSCN (IM)'s identity card holders of, who are authorized to carry one small weapon for personal safety.On Tuesday, the clearance arrived and NSCN (IM) returned the seized weapons to CFMG officials, who in turn handed them over it to the commandant of 29 Assam Rifles. Officiating convener of ceasefire monitoring group, NSCN (IM), Vikiye Sumi told TOI that they had returned the weapons in the interest of peace. He said the Centre has given clearance to withdraw all military operations from Naga areas and they had reciprocated by returning the weapons.When asked whether the government is releasing their weapons, Vikiye said that the matter is in process and soon they will get the weapons seized by Assam Rifles. Vikiye disclosed that Assam Rifles had seized five weapons from four Identity Card holders of NSCN (IM). The weapons released on Tuesday include four AK-47 rifles, one Insas rifle, 360 rounds of ammunition, two wireless sets and bullet proof caps and pouches.Meanwhile, the Naga Mothers' Association has demanded that security forces be withdrawn from areas around designated camps of NSCN (IM) at the earliest in the interest of peace and security of civilians. The NMA, which called on the inspector general of Assam Rifles (IGAR-N), expressed concern on the building up of armed forces around the designated camps.According to a release issued by NMA, the IGAR assured the delegation that he had instructed all officers not to harass the public in any way and that it would not affect the peace talks. He further said that the minute the arms of the five Assam Rifles men are returned, the security forces around the area would be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12858709", "title": "We shouldn't make a bid for South, says CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Tuesday said she was not in favour of any attempts by her party to cobble up a majority in South Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"The people have given BJP the mandate. So, I don't think there is any point in making a pitch for power by getting the maths in place for a Congress-led South Delhi Corporation,\" she told TOI. \" Yes , I have heard that some party leaders have been discussing the numbers to enable Congress to lead in South. They have every right to think and make attempts but I am not in favour of this,\" she asserted.DPCC chief JP Aggarwal said he had no knowledge of any such attempts at getting numbers even as Nationalist Congress Party came forward to support Congress with six councillors along with a list of 10 demands. Five councillors from BSP, one from Samajwadi Party and 10 independents are likely to extend their support too.Under the DMC Act, a prescribed number of MLAs (five for South Delhi Corporation, including three ofCongress and two of BJP) and area MPs (four Lok Sabha and one Rajya Sabha) can also pitch in with their votes in any show of strength. So, one has to also count Rajya Sabha MP Pervez Hashmi and four Lok Sabha MPs from Congress in South, New Delhi, West and East (parts of parliamentary constituencies of the four MPs are part of the new South Delhi Corporation and hence their vote).If it manages to get the numbers on its side, the Congress can very well stake claim. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra, who is chairman of the committee to select a candidate for contesting the post of mayor, said the party will take a view on this issue on Wednesday. Congress has 29 councillors and needs a total of 58. The BJP, on the other hand, has 44 councillors and the votes of two MLAs. It needs support of 12 councillors to lead the Corporation. Party president Vijender Gupta said that they have the support and will be the party in power.However, senior Congress leaders feel that even if the numbers add up, it will not be easy for the party to carry the weight of this loose coalition and the pressure of keeping its flock together will take a toll.Meanwhile, Dikshit is learnt to have met Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday and apprised her of the reasons for the party's debacle. She said she has prepared a short note on the reasons for the loss. She will be meeting her MLAs during the weekend. is expected to be politically active as the CM will be meeting the MLAs to understand the reasons for losses in their respective assembly constituencies. Dikshit now has her eyes set on assembly polls slated for end of 2013.Dikshit ruled out any reshuffle in her cabinet, pointing out that they were heading for the budget session. \"There is no reshuffle slated in the coming days as my government is gearing up for a budget session.She will present the Delhi budget on May 28 in the assembly. The budget will be passed on June 4 in the 10-day session which ends on June 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12859558", "title": "Two convicted for 1993 Jaipur blasts", "text": "AJMER: A designated TADA court here on Tuesday awarded 15 years rigorous imprisonment to one Pakistan-trained militant Jalees Ansari and 20 years rigorous imprisonment to his accomplice Abrar Rehmat Ansari in the 1993 tiffin box blasts case in Jaipur. Two other accused -- Mohammad Jamal Alvi (Lucknow) and Habib Ahmad (Rae Bareli) - have been acquitted.As per the case, three low profile blasts took place in Manak Chowk, Jalupura and in Sadar police station area in Jaipur on March 30, 1993. These bombs were kept in tiffin boxes and tied to bicycles.Special judge Kamal Kumar Bagari observed that the blasts were arranged to spread hatred and terror in the country. The court held both the accused guilty under different sections of TADA and Explosives Act. In its 263 page judgment, it also upheld the view that the blasts were the result of conspiracy by Jalees and his accomplice after the demolition of Babri Masjid in Ayodhya.\"The court said that they acted in vengeance to spread terror in the country,\" said Bhagirath Singh Shekhawat, special prosecutor. \"We will file an appeal in Supreme Court against the acquittal of Alvi and Habib,\" he said.\"The blast in Sadar police area occurred near a temple in which a boy Ramesh Meena was seriously injured,\" added Shekhawat.Different cases were registered in three police stations and then the investigation was transferred to crime branch CID. \"The investigation team arrested Jalees Ansari, Abrar Rehmat Ansari, Jamal Alvi and Habib Ahmad on December 30, 1998,\" said the public prosecutor.While the investigating agency filed a chargesheet of 267 pages against the accused on March 2, 2001, the prosecution produced 109 documents and witnesses including three DGPs and a principal secretary.It came out during the trial that Jalees was a hardcore terrorist who also planned serial blasts in Mumbai Rajdhani Express, Pune and Lucknow to spread terror.The record says that Jalees was deputed as a \"commander\" in India by ISI of Pakistan in 1992 and he came to India through Bangladesh . He planned serial blasts in different parts of the country after the Babri Masjid demolition. In the Mumbai serial blasts, Ansari and his compliances were awarded life sentence. The appeal against the verdict in Mumbai blasts is pending in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12859356", "title": "First H1N1 death in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The first case of H1N1 death was reported in Madurai after Kaliammal (60) succumbed to the disease on Tuesday morning, taking the total death count in the state to four.Kaliammal was diagnosed with H1N1 infection and had been admitted in the special ward at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) on April 13. GRH dean, Edwin Joe said that Kaliammal was brought to the hospital in an unconscious state. At the time of admission, Kaliammal's condition had already worsened, he added.\"She was kept under critical care on ventilator support. She showed signs of recovery and she gained consciousness after few days of treatment. However, her condition started worsening on Sunday night. She died on Tuesday morning due to chronic obstructive lung disease. She had a long history of severe respiratory problems which had worsened due to H1N1 infection,\" Joe said.Meanwhile, another four cases have been kept in the isolated ward in GRH with common symptoms of H1N1. \"We are waiting for the laboratory results. If they prove to be positive, the patients will be moved to critical care and in case if they are found to be negative, they will be moved to the regular wards,\" he mentioned. All the medical staff treating the patients have been vaccinated and instructed to take precautionary measures like face mask, he added.City health officer, V Subramanian said that Kaliammal had visited Tirupathi in March and upon returning she fell sick. \"She could have contacted the infection due to the journey and she succumbed to the disease due to her chronic lung disorder. There was another suspected case, Dhanalakshmi from the neighbourhood of Kaliammal but the tests proved negative. She was discharged and keeping well,\" he said.As a precautionary measure, all the family members of Kaliammal were given vaccination and all the neighbours, 22 of them, were given medicines for a 10-day course. \"We have alerted all our medical staff and they are educated about the disease. We are fully prepared to handle the situation and there are no cases of H1N1 reported from Madurai city limits,\" Subramanian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12859189", "title": "Sadanand deposes in CBI court", "text": "PATNA: Former Assembly Speaker Sadanand Singh on Tuesday deposed in the Special CBI court in connection with the illegal withdrawal of funds from Bhagalpur and Banka treasuries. The case was related to the much-publicized fodder scam.Court sources said the then Speaker had sanctioned the prosecution of two former MLAs, R K Rana and Jagdish Sharma (now MP) in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12860975", "title": "Modi attends wedding of ex-minister's daughter", "text": "BHARUCH: Chief minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday attended a high profile wedding ceremony of daughter of former forest and urban development minister of the state Khumansinh Vansia.Vansia had played a key role in strengthening the party in the district and was elected as MLA from Vagra constituency in 1995. He became the forests minister in the ninth Gujarat Assembly under the leadership of Keshubhai Patel. During the infamous rebellion engineered by Shankersinh Vaghela, Vansia joined the former's Rashtriya Janta Party. When Vaghela became the chief minister, Vansia was made minister for state for urban development. Vansia later joined Congress, but was not at all that comfortable. He returned to the saffron fold after 2005.Modi spent more than a hour in Bharuch. Vansia's proximity to Modi has upset several Kshatriya leaders of BJP as many believe that Modi would project Vansia as a Kshatriya leader of south Gujarat, replacing Bharatsinh Parmar. Vansia, known was a good strategist, is likely to channelize Kshatriyas of south Gujarat towards BJP. BJP also keen to wrest Vagra seat from Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12864837", "title": "Verdict on Friday in Umta riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fast-track court is likely to pronounce the verdict for hundred-andtwenty persons on Friday in the case involving the murder of two Muslims in Umta village in north Gujarat during the post-Godhra riots.In this village situated near Visnagar town of the Mehsana district a retired teacher, Mohammed Shaikh, and one Abdul Mansuri were allegedly killed by a mob of over 1,500 persons on March 1, 2002.In this case with a chequered history, the police lodged complaint of rioting, arson and unlawful assembly. It was after complaints from survivors that police added charges of murder and destruction of evidence, as witnesses said that two persons were injured and then mob took them away and killed them.During investigation, the dead bodies could not be recovered , but blood stains and a piece of bone were found, which was sent to a laboratory for the DNA test. The remains of the retired teacher were thus identified. Cops arrested 120 persons in all and filed two charge sheets against them. A fasttrack court began the trial against them in 2005 and the proceedings lasted seven long years. Meanwhile, the Gujarat high court also ordered further probe in this case, but nothing much resulted from that investigation, said advocate Iqbal Shaikh.Conditions of compromise Members of the Muslim community had fled the village after the riots. However, they were allowed to return on certain conditions. Besides going slow in pursuing criminal cases, Muslims were prohibited to wear lungis in the market place. They were also asked not to keep livestock in village. Advocate Iqbal Shaikh said that this situation remained for some months until district collector intervened.HC criticized lower court The trial court's outright rejection of a plea for further investigation led to the HC to criticize the lower court's approach. While ordering further probe in March 2007, justice D H Waghela noted \"serious lapses and lacunae in the investigation and without a court order, further investigation was required to be carried out in this case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12860663", "title": "More buses, heritage tram on cards", "text": "KOLKATA: Some 2,000 state buses with the five transport corporations will be handed over to private companies that will operate them. This was decided at a meeting transport minister Madan Mitra held with the chairmen and managing directors of the five corporations at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday.It also decided that heritage tram rides will be introduced along the Hooghly. Besides, it was decided that 500 more buses would be deployed before the Pujas, a medical board would be set up for employees of transport corporations and a timetable maintained for all state buses.The minister discussed plans to mobilize resources with top transport executives. \"With every passing day, the transportation needs of people are increasing as Kolkata is expanding. We want to provide them with services as far as possible,\" Mitra said.The transport department is seeking corporate clients to run buses. \"We want corporate clients to run around 2,000 buses. We want sponsors to come up in the transport system,\" the minister said. The department also wants to have floating restaurants.The department is planning to introduce tram service along the river. \"A survey was done to find out how trams could be run along a circular ring road. We are planning to introduce heritage tram rides with a cafeteria-like atmosphere where passengers can sip coffee over 'adda',\" Mitra elaborated, adding that a unique concept of organizing weddings inside trams could be thought of to generate more revenue.The transport department will deploy 500 additional buses in the city before the Pujas. \"These will include double-decker buses. We are working on plans to revive old bus routes and introduce new ones, especially from Salt Lake to Howrah. \"Many people do not even know that two Volvo buses ply from Karunamoyee to Howrah every day. Volvo services will be introduced from Sealdah too,\" the minister said.The transport department will soon introduce a kind of smart card through the GPS system. \"This will help reduce corruption significantly and how many passengers availed of bus services at a given time can be found out easily,\" the minister said.The transport department has also asked the JNNURM bus associations to either use all buses or to hand them over to the transport department. \"We will soon set up a medical board to facilitate check-ups for drivers, conductors and other employees of transport corporations. We will ask drivers and conductors who are no longer physically able to continue on their jobs to avail of the voluntary retirement scheme (VRS). There are many youths who want to work. Contractual appointments could also be made,\" Mitra said.The minister said the department will start maintaining a timetable for all government buses to monitor when and where they are plying. An expert team has been given the responsibility to formulate a system to maintain these timetables. \"All the corporations have been asked to hold internal meetings every 15 days and we will hold a meeting with them once a month,\" the minister said.Mitra said that on the CM's instruction, the transport department wants to create links between all district headquarters and blocks. \"Also, we are losing about Rs 25 lakh a day for not being able to return change to passengers. We will talk to the RBI on this matter,\" he said.The minister also said a step has been taken to introduce a helicopter service. \"The Asansol dispute has been cleared. We want to introduce helicopter services as soon as possible. However, the matter is subject to clearance from the civil aviation ministry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12860285", "title": "School bus overturns, 8 critical", "text": "ROHTAK: A school bus overturned when a speeding truck hit the vehicle near Dujana village of Jhajjar district on Tuesday afternoon. 24 students were injured, eight critical. They have been admitted to PGIMS, Rohtak.According to information, the bus of Dujana Public School had on board 47 students and four teachers and headed towards Beri town. The truck rammed the bus at the back near NH-71.School director Rajbir Singh said the bus was not overloaded. \"The driver had slowed down to negotiate a turn when the accident happened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12861215", "title": "Blast near luxury train at Lahore station kills 3", "text": "LAHORE: A bomb exploded near a luxury train waiting lounge at the main railway station in the eastern Pakistan city of Lahore on Tuesday , killing at least three people , police said.\"It was a bomb blast, three people have been killed and over 40 injured,\" senior police officer Abdul Razzaque Cheema said.Rescue official Kiramat Ali described it as a \"huge blast\" and said 40 wounded had been taken to hospital.Pakistan suffers frequent attacks blamed on Taliban and al-Qaida-linked militants, who are most active in the lawless tribal belt in the northwest of the country on the border with Afghanistan . The explosion was the first attack in Lahore , regarded as Pakistan's cultural capital, since a bomb at a Sunni Muslim shrine in February 2011 which killed two people.An AFP photographer at the scene said the blast took place near the lounge for the luxury Business Express train to Karachi, a service launched two months ago offering first-class travel between Pakistan's two biggest cities.TV footage showed a waiting room littered with glass and upended furniture , its windows blown in by the force of the explosion.Senior police officer Ali Ahmad Malik said the bomb was left in a bag and the two dead were a porter and a policeman . The identity of the third could not be ascertained . He added the train had left the station and was not the target. City police chief Aslam Tarin said six to eight kilograms of explosives were used in the bomb. \"It was an act of terrorism and we are investigating how terrorist came inside the station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12864702", "title": "Garib Kalyan mela: 2 officials suspended", "text": "NADIAD: The highly publicized Garib Kalyan mela in Kheda town was rocked by the suspension of two officers of Kheda collectorate . A deputy chitins officer and a senior clerk were suspended from service as they had arrived with the cheques to be distributed amongst poor by 10 minutes.The action was taken by the revenue minister Anandi Patel. Senior Kheda district officials claim that the entire programme started 15 minutes late.The taluka development officer who was responsible for bringing the cheques to venue was pulled up, while his two junior staff members were suspended . The event also saw some beneficiaries complaining that they still have not received the facilities that were promised to them a year ago under a similar Garib Kalyan mela.This is the fourth edition of the annual Garib Kalyan Mela which was launched on April 12 and nearly 1.5 lakh beneficiaries will be disbursed facilities which are sponsored by the central and state schemes in 22 districts in the state.\"The suspension is disciplinary in nature and the two officers be reinstated soon. The matter is being discussed with the revenue minister,\" claims a senior officer of the Kheda district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863428", "title": "Seminar for MBA Students", "text": "Heritage Institute of Technology organised a seminar to make MBA students aware of the future challengesKOLKATA: A seminar was organised by Management Education Center of Heritage Institute of Technology, Kolkata on April 12, 2012 to enlighten the MBA students about the future challenges they have to encounter in the market. By creating a difference in the organisations they aim to work in the competitive Indian economy.\"Competitive challenges are rapidly increasing in the Indian economy and moreover 50 per cent of the market is volatile and 80 per cent of the business organisations in the market believe that their market is becoming global,\" said Minal Shanghavi, associate director, Advisory Services, Ernst &amp; Young Pvt Ltd.Shanghavi said that in the second year, every MBA student grows nervous to get a good job in the industry. In order to get that one must understand how a company functions in the dynamic space of industry, trade and commerce. \"No environment is static and high performing companies depend upon customer reach, cost competitiveness, stake-holder's confidence and operational agility,\" said Shanghavi.Pondering upon the growing trend of business beyond boundaries, Shanghavi said that the main mantra for growth is innovation in creating new products, new markets and new talents. \"Indian market has not gained importance in innovation of new products,\" shared Shanghavi. He said that Indian students lack the innovative mindset and focus more on mugging up things, whereas an American students focus on innovation. He also observed that to innovate, one must keep on trying. \"In fact 72 per cent of the companies say that employees are the biggest source of innovation,\" added Shanghavi.Moreover Shanghavi stressed on the necessity of today's management graduates to work in teams so that they get exposure to handle people from varied backgrounds. \"Companies are implementing constant recruitment processes and they are becoming very selective. They are also emphasising on engaging employees through various strategies,\" pointed out Shanghavi. He also spoke about the concept value creating which is the current trend and which has replaced the value capture.The seminar concluded with a vote of thanks by Prof Aloke Kumar Sen, director, Management Education Center. More than 100 MBA students of Heritage attended the seminar.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12863927", "title": "Shah Rukh, Juhi Chawla together again", "text": "Actors Shah Rukh Khan and Juhi Chawla maybe business partners as far as the IPL is concerned, but the two have come together for an advertising commercial.That's not all. They've managed to bring along with them the likes of Brett Lee , Brendon McCullum and Yusuf Pathan. It's after a span of four years that Shah Rukh and Juhi Chawla will be sharing the small screen to sell foreign exchange. The duo has been signed up to promote Matrix Forex.Shooting with Shah Rukh is homeground for Juhi. \"We are good friends, and have been a part of so many things together - from films to the IPL now. I didn't know a thing about cricket, I'm still bad at business. But I'm managing,\" she said.About sharing screenspace with the actor, she said it was only pure fun shooting with SRK!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12862722", "title": "Interest cost for road developers to decline", "text": "NEW DELHI: Life is going to get simpler for road developers with the government paves way for longer tenure loans and lower interest burden for the likes of Larsen &amp; Toubro, Reliance Infra , GMR, GVK and IRB.With the government amending the rules last week, highway developers taking up projects under the public-private partnership route can now get loans for the entire contract period of 20-25 years. So far, banks and financial institutions provided loans for up to 15 years. After that, they had to go for higher-cost loans since the debt had to be refinanced. So, developers borrowed at 12-13 % for the initial years and then ended up shelling out anywhere between 17.5% and 20.5% on the refinanced part of the debt. Besides, there are only a handful of agencies such as IDFC and IIFCL which offer refinance.Developers faced this problem due to a government notification which required them to amortize the value of the project over 15 years. So, at the end of this period, the value, at least in the books, was treated as zero, making it difficult for banks to lend beyond this period. In a notification issued on April 17, the ministry of corporate affairs said the amortization amount or the rate should be such as that the cost of the toll road is amortized over the entire concession period, which could be up to 30 years. \"It's going to provide a lot of relief. Once developers tie up funding, they don't have to worry about refinancing and take up new projects,\" said M Murali , secretary general of National Highway Builders Federation.PPP road projects are executed on build-operate-transfer (BOT-toll ) model where the developer recovers its investment and makes profit by collecting toll during the contract period. In another model known as BOT-Annuity , the developer manages fund and pays interest to lenders over the entire concession period. NHAI then repays the entire amount, with interest , to the developer in installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad ", "code": "12864431", "title": "From joyride to tragedy: Four youths on a bike bump into a speed breaker, 2 die", "text": "AHMEDABAD : A joyride turned deadly for two youths from Nepal, who worked as security guards in the city, in the wee hours of Tuesday. Four youths were riding a bike when their vehicle went out of control after hitting a speed breaker near Manav Mandir.One of them died on the spot while others sustained severe head injuries and were admitted to Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 officials. Police have registered a complaint of rash driving against the driver who lost control over the bike. Sources said that the youths were drunk when the incident took place.According to Vastrapur police officials, four youths - Rajbahadur Thapa, 22, Gopal Khatri, 21, Tilak Khatri, 20, and Vijay Bahadur, 19, all natives of Nepal, had started off on a Bajaj Pulsar bike at around 1.30 am from Mohini Tower in Memnagar where Rajbahadur worked as a security guard.\"We believe that the four youths had completed their shifts and decided to go out for some fresh air and a cup of tea when the incident took place. All four had got on the bike and zoomed off towards Vastrapur. They crossed Manav Mandir crossing and were going towards Mahatma Gandhi Labour Institute when Thapa, who was driving the bike, failed to notice a speed bump and the speeding bike literally took off with the speed breaker acting as a ramp,\" said M K Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.All four got flung in the air and crashed down on the tar mac. Gopal died on the spot due to severe head injuries, three others were rushed to Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 officials. Rajbahadur died during treatment at around 3 am, said police investigators.Vastrapur police officials said that they have roped in forensic science experts to ascertain the speed of the bike at the time of accident. This, said police, will help in concluding whether the accident took place due to human error or the speed bump. The bike which is now with police has a dislodged petrol tank and headlamp due to the accident. Local relatives of the youths were intimated soon after the incident by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12859912", "title": "Now, pay your power bill online", "text": "LUCKNOW: Now you can pay your electricity bills online. The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on Tuesday announced the launch of the service through which electricity bills could be paid through credit cards, debit cards and online banking.For availing this service, consumers will be required to log on to the web site www.uppclonline.com and get themselves registered. Then They will have to fill in their account number and the bill number.UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi said that the website had been developed by the IT cell of the corporation. In the first phase, consumers of Lucknow, Aligarh, Meerut and Varanasi will be able to pay their bills online. The site has been linked to the server of the HCL which has been entrusted with the job of bill generation. Awasthi said that consumers will not have to pay any extra charge for the payment of bills. At present, Punjab National Bank (PNB) is the only bank linked for the internet banking option. UPPCL officials said that gradually other banks will also be added.This service will prove to be of immense help to power consumers who, otherwise, have to make a beeline at the counters. Of late, the crisis had aggravated following closure of the e-suvidha counters where people used to pay their bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "5860298", "title": "6 Manly qualities that women love in men", "text": "There are certain qualities in men that women absolutely dig.It's not just about being tall, dark and handsome. There are certain 'manly' qualities about guys that can make any woman go weak in her knees. And while you may think it's all about the looks, guess what? There's more. It's a potent mix of both, physical attributes and of course, that all important emotional touch. Here, we tell you about six points you need to heed.Well groomed  Yes, we said tall but the reality is that height is really not as important a factor as how you present yourself. Just like guys like a women who is well turned out, women too dig guys who ensure that they are perfectly groomed a la Leonardo DiCaprio. The basic funda women believe in is that if you are careful enough to take care of yourself, they can trust you to take care of them. So, remember guys, sloppy dressing, uncombed hair, dirty nails, smelly socks, stained shirts or jeans and the likes are an absolute no-no when you are trying to make that all important impression on someone from the opposite sex.A sense of style  Women would rather have you splurging on them than on obscenely priced designer wear. So, even if it's a typical roadside purchase that you swear by, make sure you adopt a certain classy and stylised look and maintain it. Women don't really expect you to be a picture copy of a Pierce Brosnan or a David Beckham, but trying to imitate their style will surely up your popularity quotient. Keep yourself updated on the latest trends. Also, just as you have your reservations against the 'nun-type' dressers, women too hesitate when it comes to the boring office type dresser.Laugh it out  One of the most important trait that woman dig is a sense of humour. Women have more than enough problems to deal with and don't really need the company of another equally depressed soul. Yes, you have your bad days, but it does go a long way if you have a good sense of humour, and clean humour at that. Beware, taking a dig at others and constantly putting others down do not really spell fun for women. And we can't tell you enough how much women love people who can laugh at themselves and their own mistakes.Show them you care  Women need to be constantly reassured that they are loved and cared for. Acts like holding their hand while walking down the road, watching the sunset, an occasional hug and peck on the cheeks and making sure that they cross the road safely mean that you are proud to be seen with them and care for them. Remember, not displaying your affection openly is a sign that you are ashamed of who you are with. However, beware of being crass while displaying you affections.A sexy smile/wink  There's a reason why women absolutely adore Richard Gere or Hugh Jackman and it has a lot to do with the way that they smile or that glint in their eyes. Believe us when we tell you that if you look at them and smile like that, it does make them feel very special, like they are one in a million.Be calm  Woman are known to be harrowed and frenzied. Yes, they do tend to get hyper very easily and that is the precise reason why you need to be the calming factor in their lives. It really doesn't help if you too get stressed out or fly off the handle at any and every incident. Your sex appeal lies as much in your looks as it does in your attitude - women dig guys with a cool and peaceful attitude, the one who is able to calm them down and reassure them that all is well.rachel.fernandes@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12860528", "title": "Enrica deal evokes mixed response in community", "text": "KOLLAM: The decision taken by the families of Valentine Jalastine and Ajeesh to accept the compensation offered by the owners of Enrica Lexie has evoked mixed reaction among locals and community members.While many welcomed the hefty compensation, their chief worry is how this move can affect the murder case.\"We are happy that the families are getting a hefty compensation. But we are equally concerned about the after effects of their statements, they softened their stand. I'm apprehensive that this conditional settlement might weaken the cause of the fishermen community,\" said Swathantra Matsya Thozhilali Federation president T Peter.Former Kollam Corporation councillor Bazilal said the decision was ill-timed. \"The Supreme Court will consider the petition on April 30 and such a stand will damage our position. They could have waited at least till the court gave an order,\" he said.He added that the decision might have been taken without proper consultation. \"The affected families did not consult anyone on how to deal with the compensation claims and settlement,\" said Peter.President of Boat Owners' Association M S James welcomed the decision. \"This is a reasonable compensation. When similar cases happened earlier, nothing was paid. Thank God, they are getting something,\" he said.Jalastine's son, Derrick Valentine, said his family decided to accept the compensation as there was uncertainty over the case. \"I have to take care of my studies. It will be a tedious task to run from court to court for hearing the case,\" he said. Derrick also said he would say yes if the Italians offered an opportunity to continue his studies in Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12864921", "title": "Most land-grab cases have been filed in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai accounts for more than onethird of all land-grab cases registered across the state in terms of number as well as value, according to the latest statistics from the AIADMK government.The total value of land presently locked up in disputes due to illegal encroachments amounts to . 758 crore. Of these, properties worth . 269 crore are in Chennai city.Chennai, Kancheepuram , Villupuram, Tirupur and Tirunelveli are the five districts which top the list for the sheer number of land-grab complaints registered since the new government came to power. They make up for 45% of all cases. Surprisingly, some of these are rural areas where the value of land is lower, but they have registered more cases than urban centres such as Coimbatore, Madurai and Trichy.In all, 1,225 criminal cases have been registered by landowners since June 2011, mostly on charges of forgery or forcible possession . Of these, chargesheets have been filed in 74 cases and 1,299 accused arrested by the special police cells tasked by the current dispensation . Many cases involve members of the erstwhile ruling party or their relatives. They include former DMK ministers.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa unveiled the statistics in the assembly on Tuesday. Chennai also tops the list in terms of number of cases filed - 168 out of a total 1,225. Other urban centres such as Madurai (64), Coimbatore (58), and Trichy (26) have a smaller number of complaints to deal with.But the value of land in dispute in these places - Trichy (Rs 59 crore), Coimbatore (Rs 40 crore), Madurai (Rs 4 crore) - is substantial .All the cases were filed by the police on complaints from owners. They will be heard in criminal courts, but the courts do not have powers to retrieve the land and restore them to the rightful owners. To set right the ownership and declare fake documents null and void, the rightful owners would have to approach civil courts. Also, a criminal court's order is not binding on a civil court, said a leading lawyer. Hence, the cases could drag on for a while even after the court convicts the offenders on criminal charges.Cases range from those relating to physical encroachments to forgery of land records like sale deeds and revenue documents. Some cases relate to the registration of multiple fake documents .In a related development, the state registration department, through a pro-active measure , had recently decided to check the authenticity of documents coming before it for registration. Till then, it had remained a mute spectator to fraudulent registrations. The subregistrars have now been told to file criminal cases against people who produce fake documents for registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12863286", "title": "Maoists agree to free abducted Odisha MLA; tell him to resign if government backtracks on promises", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists have decided to release Odisha legislator Jhina Hikaka on Thursday after he promised to resign from the assembly if their demands were not fulfilled, a lawyer said on Wednesday.Nihar Ranjan Patnaik, who is based in Koraput district and fights cases for the rebels, told a TV channel that the Maoists will set Hikaka free by 10am on Thursday. The Biju Janata Dal (BJD) legislator has been held hostage for over a month.The Maoists will hand him over to Patnaik and Kaushalya, the wife of the abducted Biju Janata Dal legislator, in Narayanpatna area of the district, the lawyer said quoting a Maoist leader.Patnaik also said the Maoists took the decision after the legislator gave them in writing that he would resign from the membership of the assembly if the government did not fulfil their demands.However, there is still no official confirmation of the development. No audio tape has been released by the rebels.The Naxals, who kidnapped 37-year-old Hikaka from Laxmipur in Koraput March 24, had announced they would hold a 'people's court' on Wednesday where his fate would be decided.\"There was no information if they conducted this people's court,\" a senior state home department official said.He said the legislator should be released unharmed as the government had already accepted their demand.The rebels had been demanding the release of 29 prisoners, mostly members of the Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), which works mainly in the southern parts of the state, including Malkangiri and Koraput districts, on tribal-related issues.The state government has agreed to release 25 of them but the guerrillas rejected the offer and announced that Hikaka's fate would be decided in a people's court on April 25.The worry of the government had increased after a rebel leader few days ago said they wanted the authorities to release all members of CMAS.The Maoists did not specify how many members of the organisation have been languishing in state jails; similarly the government was also reluctant to disclose the figure.State home secretary UN Behera said the names of 25 people, including eight Maoists, had been shortlisted by the government for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12865865", "title": "Can Hansika bring luck to Vishnu?", "text": "Manchu Vishnu has not a hit since Dhee released way back in 2007. The actor has had a slew of flops like Kirshnarjuna, Saleen and Vastadu Naa Raju since and is in desperate need of a hit. He is pinning all his hopes on his next flick to be directed by Nageshwara Reddy. Hansika Motwani is playing the lead in the film touted to be a family entertainer. The actress has earned the tag being a good luck charm in Tamil cinema. Her latest Tamil release Oru Kal Oru Kannadi has gone on to be a blockbuster. We'll have to wait and see if the twenty-year-old actress can help salvage Vishnu's sagging career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12866038", "title": "Ram Charan Teja works on his look for Zanjeer", "text": "The actor is working extra hard to make sure that his character in the Zanjeer remake looks as powerful as that of Amitabh Bachchan's Vijay in the original Zanjeer.Telugu actor Ram Charan is aware of the comparisons he will have to face with his Bollywood debut in Zanjeer remake. The actor is making sure that he gets accepted by Hindi audience as the new angry young man!The actor has been brushing his Hindi and has also got a tutor for himself. He will be seen playing a cop so he's sporting a crew-cut for that smart cop look in the film. Apart from that Ram Charan, who already has good body, has been working rigorously as he will be flaunting six packs abs in few scenes.Besides that Charan is particular about his name. He insisted media to call him Ram Charan and not Ram Charan Teja. \"My dad named me Ram Charan not Ram Charan Teja. So I feel good when people call me just Ram Charan. I also request the media to note this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12866004", "title": "BEST to buy 300MW power from Indiabulls", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST committee on Tuesday cleared a proposal to purchase 300MW additional power from Indiabulls Power Ltd for 25 years.With this, BEST has ensured it will fulfill power requirements of the island city (between Sion/Mahim and Colaba/Cuffe Parade), with several towers, malls and commercial centres coming up. South Mumbai residents will also have an uninterrupted supply of electricity in the years to come.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said, \"There are two huge redevelopment projects coming up in Dharavi and Wadala. We will have several high-rise apartments and commercial complexes in few years. Our estimates show the island city will require nearly 1,300MW by 2016.\"BEST supplies 950-1,000MW of power in the island city; it purchases 932MW from Tata Power and the rest from the open market and power exchange. It recently signed an agreement with a private power-generating firm for 50MW extra for the summer peak-load in Mumbai for 40 days.\"By 2015, requirements will shoot up to 1,200MW and it will be close to 1,300MW in 2016,\" Gupta said. \"To pre-empt a crisis, we decided to go in for a long-term agreement four years before.\"BEST will purchase the electricity from Indiabulls Power Ltd, Nashik, for Rs 3.42 per unit from 2016 and for the subsequent 25 years. There will, however, be some variables in the purchase price, which will depend on fluctuating international fuel prices among other factors.\"But the increase in cost price will be marginal,\" said BEST committee member Ravi Raja, adding, \"If we plan to purchase from the open market in 2016, it will be very expensive.\" Another committee member, Kedar Hombalkar of the MNS, said, \"There is hectic construction activity in south Mumbai. Mill land is being redeveloped and towers are coming up. How will we cater to electricity requirements of residents in future? The plan to sign a long-term agreement for such a huge quantum has been welcomed by all committee members.\"Sunil Ganacharya ( Shiv Sena ) said the agreement, after being signed, will be sent to the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). \"We are looking at a huge requirement in future and we want to ensure consumers don't face any power shortage,\" he added.No strikes till 2016Don't expect BEST strikes till 2016. The BEST committee on Tuesday cleared a proposal for a pay revision for 40,000 employees who will get arrears from 2006. The benefits will be extended till 2016, with the transport body incurring a burden of nearly Rs 140-160 crore annually. BEST workers' union leader Sharad Rao said more than 12,000 employees will be made permanent and will get higher salaries. \"It is a big victory for our union and we welcome the management's decision,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12864735", "title": "Poachers nabbed at Dodamarg checkpost in Goa", "text": "Bicholim: Bicholim police on Tuesday arrested two persons at the Dodamarg checkpost on charges of possessing illegal arms and explosives to kill forest animals. Both have been arrested under the Arms and Ammunition Act.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar said that Bicholim animal rescue squad chief, Amrut Singh, along with forest department officials laid a trap at the checkpost. The police intercepted a car at around 5.40am and on inspection, found a gun and some powder inside the car. The two persons, Jitendra S Torsekar and Ovin Louis Fernandes, both from Tivim, were unable to give satisfactory answers and could also not produce the gun's licence. The team later accompanied the accused to their houses and recovered several other items used for hunting animals. Forest official Dhaku Dhargalkar lodged a complaint with the Bicholim police. The duo were arrested and remanded to two days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12864623", "title": "Turf war: Taxi, tour operators petition CM", "text": "MARGAO: After being repeatedly denied access to customers staying in various starred hotels along the South Goa coastal belt such as Colva, Orlim, Varca and Mobor, a group of taxi and tour operators have submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar.Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, these taxi and tour operators cried foul over the alleged illegalities taking place. They pointed out that despite possessing valid taxi permits issued by the directorate of transport, they were not allowed to provide car rental services along the South Goa coastal belt.\"The so-called taxi unions mainly in the area of Colva, Orlim outpost and Verna police jurisdiction create a lot of nuisance to taxi owners and their drivers coming from in and around Margao and also from any other place other than the South Goa beach areas,\" said Simplicio D'Souza.D'Souza and others have sought an appointment with Parrikar through former Fatorda MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik and further alleged they have been threatened not to cater to the needs of 'their esteemed clients'.\"They, at times, even damage the vehicle and verbally abuse and physically assault our divers who come to provide service to corporate clients staying in these beach side hotels,\" said Atul Pratap.Pratap further claimed that despite repeated complaints to the police stations in that area, no action was taken and the daily income of many taxi owners was being badly affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12860382", "title": "Attachment order sends shock waves to flat owners", "text": "RANCHI: Over 100 people living in a multi-storeyed apartment in an urban locality here are going to lose their flats soon.The apartment has been issued attachment order by the city's debt recovery tribunal (DRT). The DRT will start proceedings for sale within a month.The attachment order was pasted on the main entrance of the apartment on Tuesday morning, sending shock waves to all residents living in the building. Lata Colonisers Private Limited, which built the apartment, has failed to repay a loan of Rs 99.53 lakh to the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited (Hudco). A senior official of the Hudco said the builder had taken the loan in April 2011. The proprietor, Harendra Singh, has his offices in Gaya district of Bihar and also has his branch office at Harmu Housing Colony in the city.The order has asked the residents to restrain from transferring or changing the property in any way and taking any benefit.Lokesh Kumar, a property lawyer at the Jharkhand high court, said, \"In such a case proceedings for auction is started within a month. Now the DRT will issue advertisements seeking buyers and recover its money from the sale.\"A flat owner in the apartment, shocked to know that his property would be taken away, described it as a nightmare.\"I cannot see my flat being taken away. I have spent whole of my life's earnings on it.\" Others, however, are not equally threatened. \"We will explore all angles to seek the legal remedy,\" said another flat owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12867730", "title": "Fertility drugs tied to cancer", "text": "LONDON: Women who pop fertility pills to conceive can raise their future children's risk of developing leukaemia, says a new study.Researchers in France found that children were 2.6 times more likely to become ill with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), the most common type of childhood leukaemia, if their mothers had been treated with ovarystimulating drugs. They had a 2.3-fold increased risk of suffering the rarer form of the disease, acute myeloid leukaemia (AML). Children conceived naturally after their mothers waited over a year to get pregnant had a 50% greater-than-normal likelihood of developing ALL, the Daily Mail reported.But, no heightened risk of childhood leukaemia was associated either with in-vitro fertilization or artificial insemination , say researchers. It has always been hypothesized that assisted reproductive technologies may be involved in onset of childhood cancer as they involve repeated treatment at the time of conception of sperm and egg. And it is now established that a majority of leukaemia have pre-natal origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-25"}
